Title: L****  Business Intelligence Analyst  Hyperion
Webindex: 71623619
Company: Cox  Little Company
Description: CAN Be Located in GREENSBORO, NC, or CHARLOTTE, NC REQUIRED SKILLS: 3  5 years in Hyperion Interactive Reporting, Hyperion Foundation Services and Microsoft SSRS Prior experience in predictive analytics, Hyperion Analyzer Essbase a plus Strong knowledge of data warehousing architecture including 3rd Normal StarSchema databases Partners with the Data Architect to refine the data model and ensure ease of reporting 4 years as a Datawarehouse developer/architect or equivalent experience as a report developer in a Datawarehouse environment Experience in property/casualty insurance with Workers Compensation Insurance experience preferred including a deep understanding of source systems, data structures, and data interdependencies a plus Must have a strong understanding of SQL with the ability to create complex SQL queries Experience in using SQL Server 2008 will be a plus Bachelors of Science in computer science or equivalent experience Minimum 4 years focused on the design development of analytical and operational reports preferably from a .Datawarehouse type of environment Prior experience contributing to the development of best practices, naming conventions, data validation, and meta layer development Familiarity with AS**** file structures Excellent personal communications skills, both written and oral RESPONSIBILITIES: Datawarehouse Utilization, Data Presentation, Analytics Support. Create, publish and maintain reports using the Datawarehouse. Train users in the use of Hyperion Interactive Reporting . Partner with power users to ensure they continuously enhance their skills in the reporting tools and develop a deep understanding of the Datawarehouse. Develops strong relationships with knowledge experts across the organization and helps design new high impact reports. Work across the organization and helps design new high impact reports Partner with team members in the Datawarehouse group in the planning, design and development of enhancements that help operating units leverage the Datawarehouse for their reporting and analytical needs. Develop base knowledge of data warehousing concepts and use of ETL tools. Participate in application projects regarding database/data file activities. Evaluate and develop methods used to access data. Provide guidance to applications staff and endusers in the use of data access and reporting tools. Work closely with Security Administration to ensure the protection of company information. DESCRIPTION: Responsibility focuses on the identification of analytical and reporting requirements, design, and maintenance of reports generated from the Datawarehouse. Provide appropriate training and support to designated power users and support the development of key reports. Partner with Business Analysts, Data Architect, Database Administrator and operational departments to ensure the identification and documentation of potential data feeds to the enterprise Datawarehouse. Provides support, monitors jobs and ensures the accuracy of the data in the Datawarehouse. Develop refine business rules and exception reporting to improve data quality. Start Date: Immediately End Date: Permanent Location: Greensboro, NC Charlotte, NC Pay Rate: $****K  $****K  Some Relocation Expenses MAY BE Covered