Title: Graduate Solutions ConsultantAnalystSouth Wes
Webindex: 69729946
Description: Graduate Solutions ConsultantsAnalyst Bristol x 3 Permanent role  ****k plus benefits My client are an integrated software company delivering global software business decision support solutions across major organisations. If you are a graduate looking for your first or next career move, searching for an innovative and creative team delivering challenging and exciting software projects, this could be the opportunity for you. My client have an impressive portfolio of clients and partners, customers who have deployed solutions built using the software. This is an outstanding opportunity that would suit a recent graduate working or looking to work as a Solution Delivery Consultant within a software organisation. A role with my client will provide you with the opportunity to work with world class blue chip companies, delivering innovative solutions. You will work closely with project managers to deliver major solution implementations to customers. The role is both teambased and customer facing, and you ll need to be able to present yourself confidently and credibly, liaising with client teams, 3rd parties and internal stakeholders to achieve project success. This is a varied role, one which has a broad reaching range of responsibilities, encompassing requirements gathering, the production of functional specifications, and liaising with technical teams to deliver solutions through the full project development life cycle. Candidates must have excellent communication skills and be able to work in a fast paced, dynamic IT environment. Ideally you will have some experience either as a business analyst, or within a software configuration and deployment environment, however it is essential you have a degree in either a business related subject or within IT. You will have an analytical mind, a high aptitude for technology and you are a selfstarter, keen to pick up new skills. Experience of delivering and deploying customer IT solutions coupled with an understanding of their deployment is a real advantage, and if you get excited about software development and systems integration challenges, we have something to keep you hooked. This is a unique opportunity to work for a company offering great training and clear career progression. If you are looking at the business analyst and software consultancy route then this is the opportunity for you; please apply now for details. LA International Computer Consultants Ltd is an HMG Approved Consultancy and operates as an IT & Engineering Consultancy or as an Employment Business & Agency, depending upon the precise nature of the work, for security cleared jobs or non clearance vacancies, we welcome applications from all sections of the community and from people with diverse experience and backgrounds. Award Winning LA International Computer Consultants Ltd (Recruiter Awards for Excellence  Best IT, Best Public Sector & Gold Awards) 