Title: ECOMMERCE PROJECT C****ORDINATOR SAAS / RETAIL  READING
Webindex: 72678473
Company: ReThink Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: ECOMMERCE PROJECT C****ORDINATOR SAAS / RETAIL  READING Ecommerce Project CoOrdinator  SaaS / Retail  Reading Our Client is one of the most innovative and leading Ecommerce SaaS based Solution Providers to the worlds largest and dynamic Retail Brands. They urgently require a gifted Ecommerce Project CoOrdinator to work with their Talented Team in their European Offices in Reading, Berkshire. In this role, your will be involved in:  Leading the rollout of our Clients online ecommerce SaaS based product and technology solutions on merchant (Retailers) Web sites as well as all other project related work with the Client and Client Solution Implementation.  Core deliverables include project plan scoping and development and successful execution of project plan objectives covering technical integration and related areas required for service launch as well as attending Client Reviews.  Your role will be a critical point of contact to clients during the project implementation phase, managing delivery of the eCommerce solution following contract execution. Responsibilities:  Establish project plans for implementations including project deliverables, detailed deployment timeline, and project success criteria. Ensure appropriate resources are dedicated both internally and external to meet/exceed project expectations.  Manage the delivery of the eCommerce solution to client sites according to deployment project plan.  Coordinate and enforce deployment schedule, integration approach, and corresponding budget. Work with Engineering/IT, Product Management, and business teams to ensure client s technical, operational, and service requirements are met.  Review overall project status with assigned clients on a regular basis, in the form of conference calls or onsite meetings as required.  Take ownership of meeting deployment according to plan. As a Project Coordinator in the Ecommerce / Saas Space you will have demonstrable experience of:  Leading Webbased technology initiatives through project management applications (e.g., MS Project, GANTT charts, etc.).  Successful track record serving as overall lead for enterpriselevel projects at Blue Chip Level Organisations  Proficient in online consumer analytics (e.g., analysis of online transactions, ave. order value, conversion rates) and Webbased reporting (e.g., MS Access, Cognos, Crystal Reports). As well as:  Strong professional services skills, with experience in SaaS, eCommerce, and/or consumeroriented online services.  Experience with defining, documenting, and adhering to professional services best practices within a fast paced, innovative technology company.  Extensive experience with producing/maintaining detailed project plans and providing customerfacing presentations at the Director/VP level.  At least 5 years of relevant professional services and/or technical project management experience, with a preferred focus on the Saas or eCommerce industry. Some travel is required (approx. 15%). In return you will get the opportunity to develop and progress with one of the most forward thinking, exciting and Leading Players out there. Make Contact Today to find out moreWe are acting as an Employment Agency