Title: QA Automated Tester
Webindex: 72372986
Company: Hudson Banking & Finance
Description: My client is one of the leaders within the European market of their field and offer one of the best working environments in London along with a highly competitive package as a reward. They are looking to urgently hire a solid and Proven QA Automated Tester who has strong Python Scripting skills to be one of the first members of the QA team in London. This is a very exciting position as my client is looking for a candidate who is strong enough not only to question developers but also work on the own initiative. With some huge projects coming up this year and already a market leader my client is still looking to dominant and plan to continue to do so by hiring the best suitable and experienced staff. The primary responsibility of the Software Quality Engineer is to develop and improve our proprietary automated test framework including automated test cases. The role will work directly with the software engineering team to test and validate new features, identify and report issues discovered, and recommend opportunities for improvement by collecting and analysing test data. Requirements Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or other related field. Previous QA experience required, with recent and demonstrable experience creating automated test frameworks and test cases. Strong experience in objectoriented design and programming. Our preference is someone with experience in dynamic or Scripting languages such as Python. SQL experience (PostgreSQL or other variety) is necessary. Familiarity with multiple hardware/software development environments, including Linux and MS Windows variants. Applicable software development experience highly desirable. Experience in the financial markets a plus. Please note you will receive an automated response advising you that we have received your CV. Hudson is a leading provider of permanent recruitment, contract professionals and talent management solutions worldwide.