Title: Senior UNIX / Linux / Solaris Administrator  London
Webindex: 71444058
Company: Radius Consultancy Ltd
Description: Unix Support Engineer, 3rd Line Support, System Administrator, Sun Solaris, Redhat Linux/Unix, Solaris Domains, SAN technologies, London, c****K on call, benefits, over time THIS ROLE IS LOOKING FOR SOMEONE WITH STRONG EXPERIENCE IN EITHER SOLARIS OR LINUX WITH GOOD SCRIPTING KNOWLEDGE. CROSS TRAINING AVAILABLE. My client is a leading provider of managed and cloud based services to world renowned enterprise and online businesses. They design, implement manage complex IT infrastructures for their customers and pride themselves on providing a unique professional service. They are looking for a talented UNIX 3rd Line Support Engineer/System Administrator to join their growing diverse team based in central London. In this position you will be working with the infrastructure team and mentor junior engineers. You will be the highest point of escalation with the company and occasionally be involved in client facing work. It s preferred that candidates have relevant certifications and have previous experience working within the managed services/outsourcing arena. Skill Requirements:  The ideal candidate will have considerable experience working with various troubleshooting and performance tools and a proven methodology to identify root causes.  A thorough understanding of Sun Solaris and/or Linux Redhat  Integrating Solaris/nix in a heterogeneous environment  Hands on experience of Solaris Domains  Hands on experience of SAN technologies  Worked within a VMware environment Main Duties: Technical support to resolve faults on a 3rd line level Definition of configuration changes on live equipment Engineering enhancements to live services Identification of opportunities for service improvement Participation in customer focused virtual teams in support of TSM Mentoring and technical leadership to 1st/2nd line staff Operational take on activities from projects into lifecycle (transition management) Additionally this role will involve being a point of escalation for more junior members of the team and assisting the team manager with the operational support process, reporting and ongoing development of service. Occasional client facing work will be required to provide capacity planning and performance management for customer solutions. RADIUS Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.