Title: Senior Server Side Agile Java Developer
Webindex: 68627253
Company: Aston Carter
Description: My client is the one of the UK's leading instant win entertainment brand and is one of the fastest growing businesses in the egaming industry today. It is a privately owned software company that only recently has developed an allinclusive Gaming Platform that offers several different aspects including payment processing and account management. The successful candidate will need experience in the pay out transactional field and is required to have a vast knowledge of core Java, Spring, Hibernate and agile methodology/test driven development. Further techniques like continuous integration, automation testing and SCRUM meetings held daily. Other involvement and responsibilities for the candidate will be being part of crossfunctional feature teams to deliver innovative gaming solutions to further enhance the clients gaming platforms. My client, due to the relatively recent birth to the market, encourages a dynamic, energetic atmosphere and fast progresses will be rewarded with great opportunities in career progression. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice. By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities.