Title: IT Technician Level 2
Webindex: 68710996
Company: The Business Connection
Description: The role of the IT Technician will be to maintain and develop the company’s network, IT and database systems. This opportunity is working for a professional and established company, offering a temporary to permanent position. The role of the IT Technician involves the following – Conduct via Helpdesk website, telephone and face to face support with staff in 2 nd line situations to resolve any IT related problems that may arise Database: Assist with frontend diagnostics/debugging, creation of new reports, additions to frontends and help with database queries. Website: Development/maintenance of websites (Intranet, company website and so on). Using Adobe Flash and Dreamweaver applications. Phone System: Programming, Maintenance and administration of users. Bespoke VB Applications: Support the development maintenance of any applications. Plan, develop and implement changes to the company’s networked IT infrastructure. Maintenance of the companies IT assets including but not limited to; desktop pc’s, servers, printers and other networked hardware. Travel to the company’s other depots to fix serious technical issues as required. Any other duties reasonably requested by IT Manager/Senior/Team. The successful candidate must possess the following – Understand and embrace the concept of ‘empowerment’ and be willing to make decisions and conduct tasks without management referral that fall within agreed parameters. The ability to upgrade IT Helpdesk tickets to **** rd line support. Have the ability to offer suggestions to the IT Manager that might be beneficial to the company. Ability to demonstrate strong communication skills both internally and externally Experience of working within an IT Technician role If you do not hear from us within **** hours, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITTechnicianLevel2_job****