Title: SAP HR / SFSuccess Factors Senior Consultant
Webindex: 72549783
Company: SK Consultancy Solutions
Description: We are seeking experienced SAP HR / SFSuccess Factors Senior Consultant who will be part of a fast growing part of a dynamic, market leading UK SAP practice, joining as a SAP / Success Factors HR consultant responsible for leading solution design and configuration work streams within complex SAP / Success Factor solutions for FTSE 250 customers. You will have experience of working in large multistream projects comprising of challenging business process design and transformation issues. This is an excellent opportunity to work for a leading global Consulting organisation and one of the world’s foremost providers of consulting, technology, outsourcing and local professional services. SAP HR / SFSuccess Factors Senior Consultants day to day activities includes: taking a senior Consultant role for process and solution design and gap analysis to standard SAP / Success Factor functionality during the business blueprint project phase, advising and influencing decisions of key business stakeholders. Configuration lead in SAP / Success Factor including management of system testing, legacy data mapping and integration to other modules and legacy applications. Familiar with the specification of nonstandard SAP enhancements and HR report design. The SAP HR / SFSuccess Factors Senior Consultant will: Be leading and working with clients at a senior level Have been through at least 2 full lifecycles of SAP HR implementation experience. Experienced with onshore/offshore delivery models. Strong “Consulting” skills – demonstrable presentation and client facing skills are essential. The SAP HR / SFSuccess Factors Senior Consultant must be assertive and articulate with the ability to sustain, develop and grow existing customer relationships, and build new ones. Good Knowledge of end to end HR processes, including UK statutory requirements and the sort of issues that clients will need to address through the implementation of SAP / Success Factor. The ability to understand client requirements and advise them on the best solution possible using SAP. / Success Factors and other HR technologies Willingness and desire to work across all the SAP HR / Success Factor solution modules with expertise in at least 2 of them such as: ESS/MSS, Payroll, Time, PA/OM, Employee Central and Talent suite Knowledge of the SAP / Success Factor Roadmap and competitors to SAP views on how the market will evolve, and a desire to help clients make decisions that define the strategic direction of the business. Specific knowledge of more than one industry sector Knowledge of associated SAP industry solutions, such as Public Private sectors. Good balance of experience in solution design, configuration and testing. Highly mobile; mobility is required to travel to client sites across UK EU during the working week. Strong knowledge of presales and sales processes, and effective contributions to both bids and client presentations. Knowledge of other systems such as Success Factors, Workday, Taleo Oracle, Cornerstone etc, would be beneficial. Foreign language skills desirable Experience in rationalisation and harmonisation of Term and Condition of Employment is desirable – e.g. moving weekly to monthly paid or timecard to salary based. The successful SAP HR / SFSuccess Factors Senior Consultant will be an effective communicator with a strong can do attitude and willingness to share knowledge with and learn from their peers. The Salary offered to The SAP HR / SFSuccess Factors Senior Consultant will be dependent on experience and grading in the interview process. The The SAP HR / SFSuccess Factors Senior Consultant must be fully mobile and can live anywhere in the UK but must have full rights to work in the UK without requiring work permit sponsorship. Our clients will require you to provide documentary proof, prior to joining the Company that you are entitled to live and work in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SAPHRSFSuccessFactorsSeniorConsultant_job****