Title: 1st Line/2nd Line Support Consultant
Webindex: 69939338
Company: Zen Internet Ltd
Description: 1st Line/2nd Line Support Consultant  ADSL, Voice, Hosting, Networks Zen Internet provides a range of high quality awardwinning Internet services to the business and home user, from the latest in high speed DSL Broadband Internet access to IP VPN solutions and leased lines. We also provide domain names and Web hosting packages, dedicated servers and managed hosting, managed network security, and state of the art website design We now have an excellent opportunity for a 1st Line/2nd Line Support Consultant to immediately contribute to the success of Zen and to work within a dynamic, open minded and supportive team. The support desk is a vibrant, busy environment that benefits from the free exchange of creative and practical ideas. The overall purpose of the role is to provide 1st/2nd line technical support to Zen's residential and business users. A core focus of the role is problem analysis and resolution to the customer’s satisfaction. This is a demanding first line position, calling for a high standard of customer support to be delivered. This role will suit individuals who are committed to providing premium quality technical support and are able to troubleshoot in a thoughtful and efficient way, in some instances identifying a problem with limited information from the customer. The majority of calls will come from our business customers so the ability to provide fast, concise information is essential. Please note that a rotational shift pattern is in operation within the department between the hours of 8am  8pm Monday to Friday and 9am  5pm Saturday and Sunday . Key Responsibilities To provide premium quality telephone and email support to the company's growing customer base. Troubleshooting a user problem in a thoughtful and efficient way Identifying a problem with sometimes limited information from the user to start with. Typical problems will include ADSL and dialup connections, vocie, ecommerce hosting, email, Web and FTP configuration. Giving timely and accurate responses to enquiries Completing work activity logs Providing customer coaching in order to help the customer resolve problems themselves Candidate Profile Proven experience in a technical customer service/technical support environment A degree of technical knowledge in the following areas:  Windows operating systems  Applied knowledge of TCP/IP networking  ADSL, ISDN and Dialup networking  Common Internet applications and services (email, Web, ftp, etc.)  HTML and Web server Maintenance Analytical structured approach to problem solving Considers the impact of decisions made upon the customer Excellent communication skills in order to provide clear and concise telephone and email support Committed to service excellence Eager to provide first call resolution Able to quickly inspire confidence in others and build rapport with the customer Patient and willing to go the extra mile – e.g. happy to use knowledge to help Zen Internet customers with queries not related to Zen Self motivated, enjoys autonomy Able to remain calm and focussed in an ever changing environment Experience of working successfully in an ‘unscripted’ customer contact environment an advantage. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/1stLine2ndLineSupportConsultant_job****