Title: Systems Consultant / NET Developer  C
Webindex: 72287810
Company: Webrecruit
Description: Systems Consultant / .NET Developer  CBasingstoke, Hampshire**** Plus 25 Days' Holiday, Bonus, Pension Scheme, Childcare Vouchers Are you a unique and innovative developer with experience of.NET and C? Looking to join an established and successful company that embraces new technology and offers first class service to their customers? If so, read on. Our client is the largest breakdown cover organisation in the UK and has been providing assistance to motorists for over 100 years. They are currently seeking a Systems Consultant / .NET Developer to join their team. Working with a sociable and ambitious IT development team, as a Systems Consultant / .NET Developer, you will be responsible for delivering development and operational support to our client's suite of systems. You will support the call centre, online instructor self service and interfaces for many third party systems. Documenting system change requirements, you will design and implement new ones, from concept to delivery. You will also be tasked with resolving faults, as well as monitoring development and operational documentation. To be considered, you must have at least two years' strong .NET and C development experience. As a Systems Consultant / .NET Developer, you must be passionate about delivering high quality and innovative software solutions, with a confident, problem solving attitude. Although not essential, knowledge of NUnit would be beneficial. To apply for the role of Systems Consultant / .NET Developer (C), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Systems Consultant , .NET Developer, C, Technical Consultant, .NET Programmer, Architect, C Developer, C Programmer, Application Developer, Application Programmer, Systems Support Consultant. bonus, company pension Salary: ****