Title: SQL Database Administrator  Developer
Webindex: 68627061
Company: Eurobase People
Description: SQL Database Administrator/Developer (SQL DBA) We currently have an exciting opportunity for a SQL Database Administrator/Developer (SQL DBA) to join the Natural History Museum. NHM is one of the world's leading museums, internationally recognised for its dual role as a centre of excellence in scientific research and as a leader in the presentation of natural history through exhibitions, public programmes, publications and the web. The museum has over 5 million visitors per annum, **** scientists, 70 million artefacts/specimens and currently over **** users. Key Responsibilities as SQL Database Administrator/Developer: Development of the Museum's database services  Administer and provide maintenance for the Museum's SQL Server based systems and other ICT supported DBMS packages  Analyse and rectify faults  Implement and maintain appropriate security mechanisms  Develop and enhance interfaces to enable integration between disparate information systems  Design, implement and document bespoke services to meet the Museum's requirements.  Work with internal clients to gather end user requirements, develop specifications and documentation for database services and the procurement of information systems.  Develop and recommend appropriate database service business cases and strategies (resilience, scaling, disaster planning etc.) to meet the Museum's needs.  Lead project work related to the development of the Museum's database service and information systems. Provision of High Quality Support  Provide installation and 3rd line support for database service infrastructure  Support the integration of business systems with database services.  Document and feedback common incident resolution to improve incident handling Contribute to corporate and departmental activities  Contribute to the development of the ICT team and Museum's policies, strategies and corporate activities. To be considered for the position of SQL Database Administrator/Developer you will need experience in the following:  Microsoft SQL Server configuration, installation, backup and ongoing management  SQL Server automation including SSIS  Relational database analysis and design  Understanding of MS Windows server management with regard to database hosting/service provision  Bespoke Database Integration/Development experience  Understanding of and ability to troubleshoot service related workflow and performance issues Academic Qualifications:  BSc or MSc in an IT related subject or equivalent relevant experience  MCDBA or similar professional qualification, or experience requiring specialist knowledge  ITIL foundation or experience of working in a service oriented ICT environment The Natural History museum has engaged solely with Eurobase people to fulfil this requirement all application must be directed via Eurobase People to ensure they will be considered for this vacancy. Eurobase People are acting as a recruitment agency.