Title: Technical Analyst (apps or DBA, not infrastructure) MS SQL Server
Webindex: 68347277
Company: Red Sky Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: We are looking to hire on behalf of one of our clients an MS SQL Server Technical Analyst, ideally but necessarily with intranet experience for this impressive software house. As I mention in the title this role is probably best suited to someone who has a development or DBA background, rather than an infrastructure one. Your role will be to liaise with project management, support and sales to help in solving technical problems. It is very client focused and experience of this is preferred. In more detail the application being an intranet you will be advising clients on set up and deployment: Accompany the sales person on sales pitches to field technical questions. Through web presentations, conference calls and email answering pre and post sales questions Perform demos of the systems functionality. On proposals and tenders aid the Bid Manager. Create and design the technical requirements, especially for enhancements. ****  40% presales  supporting the sales team, supporting pitches and providing a technical slant and reality to these pitches. ****  40% would be supporting the PM throughout the lifecycle from a technical perspective, working alongside and with the technical development teams. Would be involved in some meetings in person or over the phone, advising on the best way to install the software, connectivity with servers, customised modules on new implementations. 20% would be working with the support teams, not providing support but advising them on 3rd 4th line issues as they would have been involved in the scoping and implementation. Candidate must be clientfacing and have has some solid client interaction in the past. Approximately 2 days a month out of the office. Must have come from a technical background and should have some exposure web application development and database. Not a DBA but a developer that has interfaced to or built some databases so they know how it hangs together. Ideally strong web app / intranet background but if the candidate was a solid CRM consultant with SharePoint, MS Dynamics, SAP etc. then that may work. Your background may include some or most of the following: Expertise in web technologies, web servers, SQL Server, browsers. Intranets and/or Social Software. Business intelligence and analytical knowledge. The ability to work on multiple projects. First class interpersonal skills. Team player. To have worked for a software house or consultancy in a client facing environment. SharePoint preferred. This is a really great fun and relaxed company to work for with great benefits including inhouse games / chill out rooms, pool table, Xbox plus regular BBQ s events and client engagements. That aside, they are hardworking and have a great reputation in their chosen area