Title: SQL Database Administrator / Web Content Administrator
Webindex: 67155007
Company: Ikhoi Recruitment
Description: Data Administrator / Web Content Administrator / SQL / DBA A successful online retailer is looking for a Data Administrator / Web Content Administrator who has got excellent exeperience in SQL Server. You will be expert in all aspects of the clients customer facing websites. Other members of the Online Marketing Team will look to you for leadership,information, guidance, training, solutions and information regarding the websites. Your day to day duties will include ensuring that content and data on our websites is updated accurately, meeting tight deadlines. You will own the process of scheduling new site launches in line with company priorities. You will examine all our web processes and make recommendations for improvements so an impeccable attention to detail, focus on accuracy, and ability to meet tight and adhoc deadlines will be central to your role. You'll be working in a team of web administrators to support the online team, working closely with the IT department to make sure that new web developments can be administrate efficiently as soon as they go live. Responsibilities and Duties as a Data Administrator / Web Content Administrator / SQL / DBA Liaise with multiple internal departments to organise schedules for company critical path First line support for all internal customer emails and occasional building and sending ofmarketing emails Maintenance of all of the clients web sites including the launch of new seasons plus daytoday changes to current live data and content Implementation of promotional offers, unique partner landing pages and other adhoc third party initiatives e.g. competitions, rewards etc. Problem solving website errors Support and training of web administration team Complex web data manipulation, including setting up web offers and administrating the Sizes application Identify and implement improvements to current processes Document current web administration processes Ensure any new web developments have appropriate and timely web admin processes. The ideal Web Administrator / SQL will have Web site design using HTML and SQL Microsoft Excel 2 years Web Administrator / Data Administrator experience. Relational database experience HTML, MS SQL server, SQL The Data Administrator / Web Content Administrator / SQL / DBA will be a great a team player, have great attention to detail and have the ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines. This is a great opportunity to work in for a very successful global online retailer as a Data Administrator / Web Content Administrator. Database Administrator / HTML / SQL server Data Administrator / Web Content Administrator / SQL / DBA This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SQLDatabaseAdministratorWebContentAdministrator_job****