Title: Senior web application developer
Webindex: 71185729
Company: Pixl8
Description: Founded in **** Pixl****co.uk is a successful web development agency which specialises in the NFP and Membership sectors. We are seeking a senior web application developer to join our team. This is a role that requires someone who is able to manage and mentor others in a team while ensuring high standards of delivery. Must have skills HTML5/CSS Advanced CFML Bluedragon.net or Open Bluedragon MVC development practices Experience with developing CMS applications It would be beneficial if the candidate had some exposure to Railo This role places a huge emphasis on quality, so a high attention to detail is key. Qualifications A good degree ****:**** or higher in Computer Science or related field 4 years  relevant experience in an agency environment Other skills Strong and diverse technical skills in Web development. Strong analytical, problemsolving, and conceptual skills. Ability to work in teams and have strong interpersonal skills. Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines. Able to work independently. Ability to step outside role confines and help teach and enable other team members. Demonstrable experience of developing high traffic or complex web applications would be an advantage Further Knowledge Web application development to an advanced level JQuery, XHTML and CSS a plus Good understanding of relational database concepts Practical MySQL or SQL Server knowledge Familiarity developing and integrating web services and API's Strong understanding of objectoriented (OOP) development principals Comfort with website administration across Linux or Windows platforms Subversion experience XML and related technologies such as use of web services Understanding of common frameworks and design patterns used with web development. What we offer A competitive salary Healthcare package A creative and fun working environment A dynamic and enthusiastic team Weekly lunches Whats Next? If you think this is the job for you please provide a covering letter and an up to date CV. Your covering letter should explain a bit about yourself, what it is that appeals to you about this role, what you are looking for from your next job, details of your current salary and package, and also your availability. We look forward to hearing from you Note: We do not work with recruitment agencies outside our established contacts This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Seniorwebapplicationdeveloper_job****