Title: Technical Writer/ Documenting Birmimgham
Webindex: 69044712
Company: QUANTICA
Description: I am currently looking for an experienced Technical Writer to work in Birmingham for a large software house. You will join the expanding documentation team producing outstanding product documentation and training materials in a constantly challenging and varied role. Collaborative working is essential within this business and they would encourage you to establish and maintain close working relationships with both the development and testing teams, this is with a view to having a closely knit team whose sole aim is to guarantee project deadlines are met and that anything that could prohibit this is quickly and effectively eradicated. You would have a wide and varied remit working on varying projects meaning that not only do you get a wide ranging experience of writing but you also get to integrate into the various parts of the business. Items that you would work on could include: Write and update customerfacing client product documentation, this could be for a small project or indeed a large enterprisewide project. Delivery of technical documentation in PDF and Word formats using Microsoft Office 2010 applications. Internal peerreview documentation and the addition of offerings of guidance where applicable. Assist the development team with software reviews during a development lifecycle. Delivery of clear and concise process guidance documentation underpins this position and the integrity of the team in the wider business. Your background previously could be wide and varied although there are some essential criteria you will need to fill to be considered in this position Experience working as a technical writer, or having worked in a role that has additionally required producing client documentation. Excellent communication skills, both written and oral, are essential. Must be able to produce documentation that is clearly written, easy to understand, consistent, accurate and possess the ability to explain complex functionality in easy to understand terms, you will also need to produce documentation for varying audiences and be mindful of them when writing. Be disciplined and have a detailoriented approach, ensuring that all work performed is prioritised, planned, executed and checked thoroughly. Should you feel that you have the required skills but don't immediately match the criteria please do send your CV through, applicants from other areas will be considered in merit. If you would like some additional information on this position please forward your CV to me and I will be in touch accordingly, also if you have examples of work you have previously completed please attach them with your CV. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TechnicalWriterDocumentingBirmimgham_job****