Title: Reporting / BI Workstream Lead
Webindex: 68181697
Company: Adept
Description: The Company Operating within the electrical utilities sector, our Client is one of the leading distribution businesses in the UK, supplying more than 3.6 million locations from Northumberland to North Lincolnshire. They are currently investing in a highly ambitious and exciting IT/Business Change Programme to increase productivity and profitability. The Opportunity Our Client is looking for an experienced Business Intelligence professional to help them deliver a major project over the next 14 months. This position is for maternity cover to the project s current reporting workstream lead, and provides a fantastic opportunity to influence the new reporting solution to be implemented by the project and to develop knowledge and understanding of operational and regulatory reporting needs within the utilities sector. The Role You will be part of a team that plays a critical role in the implementation of a new Oracle enterprise Asset Management (eAM) and Oracle Spatial system within the business. You will have experience of largescale system implementation projects that have involved implementing new business intelligence solutions. Reporting to the programme manager and working closely with the data and business process workstreams, you will be responsible for ensuring the delivery of a reporting solution capable of analysing combined spatial and asset data. You will lead a small team of report super users and will coordinate the specification, build and testing of all management reports required to support the asset data management business processes and to comply with regulatory requirements. Key Responsibilities Ensuring the delivery of a reporting solution capable of analysing combined spatial / map and asset data. Working closely with the company IS department to ensure the solution implemented is in line with the company s reporting strategy. Producing a suite of reports supporting the regulatory, operational and managerial requirements, in line with the report catalogue that was produced in the definition phase. Maintaining the report catalogue produced during the project s definition phase. Managing emerging reporting needs in line with the project s change control process. Managing the reporting workstream build plan, proactively identifying potential dependencies and slippages and communicating these to the programme manager and other workstream leads. Ensuring that the reporting workstream resources training needs are identified and that appropriate training is provided. Specifying and building all management reports required to support the asset data management business processes and to comply with regulatory requirements. Working closely with the data workstream during the report specification phase to feed back all data requirements that might impact on the data model. Working closely with the business process workstream to assist in the identification and documentation of key controls during the business process documentation phase. Identifying reports that could serve as additional process controls to mitigate the what could go wrongs . Testing the newly built report by rerunning them on historical data and reconciling them with older reports outputs. Ensuring the documented deliverables are in line with Oracle s AIM methodology. Essential Skills and Qualifications Knowledge of Management information / Business Intelligence best practices. Knowledge of Oracle databases / data modelling principles. Excellent skills in the use of Microsoft Office Applications (including Access, Excel, PowerPoint). Ability to articulate complex or technical problems to nontechnical managers. Track record of collaborative working, particularly in distributed environments. Track record of working at senior management level, as well as excellent people management and influencing skills. Strong communication and interpersonal skills. Scheduling, prioritisation and task delivery skills. Possess own transport and be prepared to use for occasional travel within the Northern/Yorkshire region. Desirable Skills and Qualifications Ideally, HND or degree qualified in an IT or analytical related subject. Experience in using Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Enterprise Edition would be an advantadge. Knowledge of Oracle AIM (Application Implementation Methodology) would be an advantage. Knowledge of Oracle enterprise Asset Management (eAM) and/or Oracle Spatial would be an advantage. Competency in and experience of SQL would be an advantage. Knowledge of the electricity industry would be an advantage. The Benefits Salary  **** ****k per annum (dependent upon qualifications and experience)