Title: Senior Net Web Developer  ASPNet, C
Webindex: 69526546
Description: Senior .Net Developers – C, ASP.Net Chester, Wirral Salary: c****k Benefits Package The Role: An exciting opportunity has arisen to work on full project lifecycle development of new and existing eBusiness / eCommerce solutions in the .Net Framework with ASP.Net and C, working for a genuine market leader. Key Skills: The ideal candidates will have proven commercial and technical development backgrounds in the .Net Framework, with full project lifecycle experience. You will have strong C (C.Net ****/****) development skills, along with solid web development using ASP.Net. Any exposure to MVC framework (MVC2 or MVC****) or similar would be beneficial but by no means essential as training will be on offer. You will have a solid Object Oriented / OO skills, with a good understanding of Agile methodologies such as Scrum, XP or Test Driven Development (TDD). You will also have good database skills in SQL Server 2008 and SQL. Any front end web skills such as JavaScript, JQuery, XHTML, HTML5 or similar would also be of interest. Your technical skills will be accompanied by excellent communication and documentation skills at all levels of business. The Company: Our client is at the forefront of their market. They offer a first class working environment as part of a small dynamic team. They can offer ongoing training and development with genuine opportunities for career progression. Chester – Wirral – Cheshire – Deeside – North West. LA International Computer Consultants Ltd is an HMG Approved Consultancy and operates as an IT Engineering Consultancy or as an Employment Business Agency, depending upon the precise nature of the work, for security cleared jobs or non clearance vacancies, we welcome applications from all sections of the community and from people with diverse experience and backgrounds. Award Winning LA International Computer Consultants Ltd (Recruiter Awards for Excellence  Best IT, Best Public Sector Gold Awards)