Title: C NET Developer (Python, SCRUM, Agile, IBM WebSphere, HTML, CSS)
Webindex: 69574473
Company: Sand Resources. A division of InterQuest Group  Ltd
Description: C .NET Developer (Python, SCRUM, Agile, IBM WebSphere, HTML, CSS, Javascript) Sand Resources has an excellent opportunity available for an experienced C.Net Developer with web technology experience for a large organisation based in Oxford. The client is seeking an experienced C .NET Developer with a proven track record of delivery within a .NET development role which will include hands on development and support at the client site. Candidates with experience of working in a SCRUM/Agile environment are highly desirable. C .NET Developer Role: Design, develop, configure and document .NET solutions at the client site mainly using C. Develop userfacing and system integration applications. Design ntier application architecture where necessary. Help with the testing and debugging of solutions including test automation. Work with a number of teams across the organisation including Business Analysts and Product Owners to understand and capture business and functional requirements. Review and develop technical designs, ensuring adherence to the client's IS Strategy. Assist with implementation of test plans for solutions. Conduct and support the implementation of solutions. Support management of project work including planning, estimating, reporting, and scheduling and workflow management. C.Net Developer skills: Excellent experience in programming and developing C.Net language. Demonstrable experience of performance and scalability design and testing. Strong experience in as many of the following web standards and technologies: HTML, XML, XSL, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax. Strong communication skills and experience of working closely with customers and stakeholders. Experience of Unit testing and working in a Testdriven development environment. Experience of working as part of a team to support enterprise systems. Demonstrable experience of creating and updating technical documentation. Experience of high availability systems. Experience of working in an Agile/Scrum environment. Candidates should send their CV for immediate consideration and a full job description. Sand Resources is an equal opportunity employer committed to a policy of treating all employees and job applicants equally. It is our aim to take all reasonable steps to employ and promote on the basis of ability and qualifications without regard to race, religion, colour, sex, age, national origin, disability or sexual orientation. Our recruitment takes place based only on skills and experience of the candidates. Sand Resources is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. Candidates should send their CV for immediate consideration and a full job description.