Title: Business analystData analystInsight Analyst
Webindex: 67660216
Company: HR Office Consultants Ltd
Description: Business analystData analystInsight Analyst Data analystMARKETING MANAGER  PRICE PROMOTIONS GM (INSIGHT ANALYST) ( SQL, Visual Basic , mathematical) If you are a technical analyst that can draw insights out of data, we have a great career for you. Permanent Position Cheshunt, Hertfordshire Blue chip International Retailer Salary **** **** pa  pension, share options and discounts. My Job is:  To increase the business understanding of customer perceptions and expectations of price and promotions I also undertake analysis to increase the business understanding of competitor price and promotion strategies .  I DELIVER INSIGHTS THROUGH SHORT TERM PIECES OF ANALYSIS AS WELL AS LONGER TERM INITIATIVES Essential skills:  Mathematics or analytical background and experience,  SQL and database skills  Visual Basic  Proven strong problem solving capability  Ability to interpret data, spot trends, draw conclusions and make recommendations  Project Management experience an advantage  Articulate with honed interpersonal skills My Job is: To increase the business understanding of customer perceptions and expectations of price and promotions in GM. Analyse how they change over time to deliver and live our values of No one tries harder for customers . I also undertake analysis to increase the business understanding of competitor price and promotion strategies and how these change over time. I deliver this insight through both short term pieces of analysis as well as longer term strategic initiatives. I spend: 30% of my time analysing aspects of price and promotion activity 30% of my time developing insights from my analysis 30% of my time working with and influencing the business to develop and deliver these insights 10% of my time will be spent on personal development, including attending organised training programmes (internal and external) Essential you will be professional analyst with the essential skills highlighted above. Preferably, you will have a degree of **** or above in a subject such as maths, Economics or any sciences. Start your new year with a challenging and rewarding role and working with likeminded bright people.