Title: eCommerce Solutions Architect  (North London)
Webindex: 55408364
Company: JOBG8
Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an International eCommerce Solution Architect to play a pivitol role within a rapidly expanding eCommerce organisation. Key Activities  Owning, developing and implementing solutions to deliver an International Merchandise business  Owning the endtoend architecture, its alignment to the business needs, IT strategy and architectural standards.  Coordinating design activities across application architects, performance architects and infrastructure to create performant, scalable and cost effective IT solutions.  Working closely with Enterprise Architecture to ensure that that the technical solution is consistent with the client's longterm direction.  Performing triage of proposed scope changes and driving resolution of key design decisions.  Reviewing processes, functional/nonfunctional requirements, cutover/deployment approach and target service to proactively identify architectural gaps.  Managing architecture governance across the UK and offshore teams and performing quality assurance on all architecture deliverables.  Supporting programme leads in the planning and estimation of delivery  Working proactively with key business stakeholders, architects and wider IT teams to ensure solution can deliver benefits.  Identifying and communicating key architectural risks and issues that may affect the programme. Required Skills  Welldeveloped communication skills and can demonstrate technical leadership  IT experience in a system specialist role on a MultiChannel/eCommerce programme  Experience of designing large and complex solutions to a total project budget of over 2m  Strong problem solving, analytical and logical skills  IT experiences in a Solution Architect position with strong, broad knowledge of IT application systems, integration patterns and security/compliance requirements.  Excellence in team working including across virtual and multilocation teams. You will have overseen solutions delivery through the project life cycle, and are able to work proactively to identify/resolve problem areas.  Able to find the balance between NFR requirements, system constraints and business objectives  Solid experience in planning and analysis activities during the early stages of a large IT programme, preferably design/architecture focussed  Good understanding of Enterprise scale solutions management process and infrastructure  Hands on experience of technologies such as: Java, .Net, SQL Server, Oracle database  Experience in any of the following technologies preferred, but not mandatory: ATG, Sterling OMS, Oracle PIM, TIBCO IL