Title: Technical Writer    Developer
Webindex: 70770087
Company: EPH Associates Ltd
Description: EPH & Associates Ltd are currently supporting a reputable organisation with their Search & Selection Process for a Technical Writer & Developer. The client is actively looking for a Technical Writer / Developer to join their fastgrowing company. The postholder will spend the first six months working with their Chief Technology Officer and development team to learn their system and document it as you go. You will then be expected to work as a Developer, contributing to the development of their main product    software and other key software within the business. The client needs someone who has a technical background and most importantly can learn quickly and independently. They have a small team so need a flexible and energetic individual who can adapt to the changing needs of the business and who can work well independently and as a team player. You will have the benefit of working alongside senior staff and will develop swiftly as the business expands into new territories and sectors. Essential candidate requirements:  Programming experience. They use Objective C so that is preferred, but other similar languages are acceptable (e.g. C or C++)  Experience of a Unixstyle operating system (we use FreeBSD) and familiarity with a command line environment  LaTeX experience, since it will be used to produce technical documents  Our system is complex so we require someone with good reasoning, problem solving and analytical skills  Good communicator who is happy working both alone and in a team  A degree in Computing or a Technical Subject, or equivalent.  You must be eligible to work in the UK. The position is Londonbased but may require occasional travel to their Ireland office. Nonessential candidate requirements:  We use a MySQL database. Experience writing SQL queries and insert/update statements  Web programming / Apache  Some knowledge of PCI compliance and online payment solutions This fantastic career opportunity pays an attractive ****  **** basic plus a rewarding benefits package. If you feel you have all the credentials, apply in the first instance to EPH & Associates Ltd where a SectorSpecialist Team Member will manage your application