Title: IT Account Manager / Business Development Manager
Webindex: 67906719
Company: Mojo IT
Description: IT Account Manager / Business Development Manager. Mojo IT are looking to recruit an Account Manager / Business Development Manager to join our lively and proactive sales team. Mojo IT is an independent value added reseller offering tailored solutions to both large and developing companies. As Account Manager / Business Development Manager, you will be targeted to supply and source products to the SME market, using our comprehensive supply channels to help businesses with all their IT requirements. Mojo IT are partnered with all the tier one vendors but specialise in Dell and HP, allowing you, the Account Manager to supply best of breed into your customer base. The Account Manager will be from an IT background, either from a reseller or channel partner. Commission will be uncapped, comprising 10% of gross profit. On top of this we also pay a quartely bonus. You will be an ambitious selfstarter who enjoys selling and making money in IT. Typical work activities The role requires significant interaction with clients, usually over the telephone but may involve facetoface meetings. Typical activities include: Meeting and exceeding agreed sales targets  contributing to team targets Identifying and developing new business Account Management of acquired accounts Coldcalling in order to create interest in products and services in order to generate business leads and to win business Understanding customers' diverse, specific business needs and applying product knowledge to meet those needs Networking with existing customers in order to maintain links and promote additional products and upgrades You will be the single point of contact for the customer for sales, customer services resolutions and credit control. Responding to tender documents, writing proposals, reports and supporting literature Managing your own diary in order to organise and prioritise daily and weekly goals Contributing to team or progress meetings to update and inform colleagues. Maintaining awareness and keeping abreast of constantly changing software, hardware systems and peripherals; This is an IT Sales role and as such, the successful candidates will be able to demonstrate a successful background of selling IT products in a target driven, new business sales environment on their CV and at interview. The essential requirements are a positive attitude and a passion for winning business. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITAccountManagerBusinessDevelopmentManager_job****