Title: Infrastructure Security Engineer
Webindex: 55408720
Company: JOBG8
Description: As a member of the Infrastructure Team the primary function of this role is to ensure that The Logic Group maintains PCI compliance and ensures business continuity and disaster recovery processes and procedures are maintained. The individual will work with other members of the Infrastructure team, Development and the Information Security Officer to understand security requirements of PCI DSS, using Industry tools such as File Integrity Monitor, Vulnerability Scanners, and Syslogging tools to ensure protection of the company and integrate good security practices throughout all aspects of the business. The individual will play a key role in the administration of Quality Assurance, Vulnerability Assessment, File Integrity Monitoring, System Logging, Backup Recovery and Disaster Management. Responsibilities/tasks Ensure the successful operation of the Tripwire FIM system. Carry out daily checks, indentifying any unusual activities or events which need follow up and formal clearance. Ensure the successful operation of the IDS/IPS system. Carry out the daily checks, identifying any unusual activities or events which need follow up and formal clearance. Ensure the weekly ASV scans are carried out. Evaluate any issues raised and either indentify remedial action or formally clear as false positives. Carry out regular monthly tests for rogue wireless devices and resolve any issues indentified Ensure that quarterly internal vulnerability scans are carried out and clear any issues identified. Ensure internal vulnerability scans are carried out every time there is a significant change in the network/server infrastructure and clear any issues identified. Ensure all internal and external penetration testing is carried out on a six monthly basis and clear any issues identified. Ensure all internal and external penetration testing is carried every time there is a significant change in the network/server infrastructure and clear any issues identified. Manage the application vulnerability testing of public facing web applications on a quarterly basis. Manage the application vulnerability testing of public facing web applications every time there is a significant change in the web application portfolio. Act as focal point for all matters of operational infrastructure security issues. Liaise with the Information Security Officer on a regular basis to ensure that there is a clear communication of all operational security matters. Take initial responsibility for the clearance of all operational security incidents, alerts and events. Keep up to date with all the changes in security standards which could affect the infrastructure department, particularly in relation to PCI:DSS. Ensure that all operational security processes are properly documented and kept up to date. In addition, ensure that all operational engineer staff is made aware of their responsibilities in relation to all security matters. Evaluate reports performed by PCI SSC approved companies including PCI DSS Reports on Compliance (RoC), Approved Scanning Vendor (ASV) Scan Reports. Participate in the planning and design of security architecture where appropriate. Participate in the creation of security documents. Maintain uptodate detailed knowledge of the security industry. Perform the deployment, integration and initial configuration of all new security architectures. Collect and review security logs and reports of all operational devices. Provide out of hours oncall support for intrusion detection. Create and enforce security policies and underpinning processes, procedures and standards in compliance with ISO27001:**** and PCI DSS. Identify and assess the impact of information security threats, vulnerabilities and risks. Provide security subject matter expertise on projects undertaken by The Logic Group. Audit and report on security compliance of the IT infrastructure to ensure compliance with all adopted security standards, relevant legislation and ISO27001:**** Best Practice. Assess business security risks, recommend security controls that enable the business to be in control of risks, promote security awareness and strengthen relationships with business units by creating value for business stake holders. Identify and report warning signs of potential vulnerabilities. Perform trend analysis where there is benefit to do so and suggest improvements to the security of the Project. Qualifications Required BSc or equivalent in a relevant subject Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) Preferred Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) Certified Computer Forensic Investigator (CHFI) Experience Required: Experience in a similar capacity undertaking security assessments with project and/or security delivery responsibility Significant experience of working within information systems or networking discipline Experience of audit methodologies and security assessment tools Experience with security threat and vulnerability management systems (e.g. Qualys). Experience with File Integrity Monitoring tools (e.g. Tripwire). Extensive experience of security appliances, such as firewalls, IDS Experience of the financial and payment card processing industries (including PCI:DSS) Preferred: Understanding of the financial and payment card processing industries Experience in evaluating security infrastructure for large enterprise merchants or service providers. Experience using Project Management techniques Experience evaluating the security infrastructure for e.g. retail, financial services or service providers Working experience with software development methodologies and practices Knowledge of CISCO Network Technologies Specific Requirements This role requires work outside of normal office hours, including weekends. Some overseas travel may also be required. Location Please note, prior to applying for this position, the company do not provide Visa sponsorships.