Title: Solutions Architect MS Dynamics CRM
Webindex: 69205773
Company: Syntony Search and Selection Ltd 
Description: Solutions Architect ? MS Dynamics CRM Location: London OR Birmingham Our client is a global Systems Integrator, Consultancy and Applications solution developer. With a **** year track record and a parent company that is one of the Global Top 40 largest companies they have a landmark UK HO in the City of London and several regional offices. The quality, integrity and commitment of our employees have been key factors in our company's growth and market presence. By hiring the best people and helping them grow both professionally and personally, we ensure a bright future for the firm and for the people who work here. An important Practice Group is focused on the CRM and Contact Centre sector with ley Partnerships including Microsoft Dynamics CRM. We currently seeks a Microsoft Dynamics CRM Team Leader / Solution Architect to join our team in Birmingham. Key Responsibilities: ? Assist with presales and creation of proposals and estimates ? Create demonstration environments and perform solution demonstrations to prospects/clients ? Participate in/run design workshops ? Perform MS Dynamics CRM solution design ? Perform MS Dynamics CRM Technical architecture design ? Produce functional and technical specifications to a high level of quality ? Act as interface between technical and functional design teams ? Create deployment and test strategies ? Provide daytoday team management for the project teams ? Liaise with Project Manager to ensure delivery to budget and effort ? Liaise with the customer on project functional and technical issues ? Ensure overall quality of deliverables to customer ? Peer review scripts and code for other team members ? Participate in system testing and other QA efforts ? Support UAT ? Mentor and train junior staff ? Provide support, as needed, after go live The Person Essential skills: ? Excellent Dynamics CRM product knowledge ? Excellent Dynamics CRM development skills/experience (.Net, C, JavaScrit, SQL) ? Good Windows infrastructure /Active Directory skills ? Good understanding of development lifecycle (Waterfall and Agile) ? Experience of application support (second line) ? Willingness to work alone and take ownership of issues ? Good communication skills ? Microsoft CRM Certified at least v**** (****0****1 preferred) ? Technical Team leadership skills ? Able to converse and liaise at all levels from technical to senior customer business personnel ? Minimum of 3 years? experience with Dynamics CRM ? Working knowledge of SQL Server ? Good Scribe Insight knowledge Desirable skills: ? Degree in numerate (ideally IT based) degree (Minimum 2:1) ? Silverlight experience would be advantageous ? SharePoint solution design/development skills ? Experience with CWR ? Experience with Microsoft Lync