Title: Web Publisher
Webindex: 69545508
Company: Lorien Resourcing
Description: About Fujitsu Fujitsu is one of the World’s largest IT providers.In the UK and Ireland, Fujitsu employs **** people with an annual revenue of **** billion. Our business is helping our customers to realise their objectives by exploiting information technology through an integrated product and service portfolio. This includes consulting, applications, systems integration, managed services and products for customers in both the private and public sectors. The Role Corporate web and social media sites are now key components of a successful B2B communications strategy. To support ongoing growth in the business, Fujitsu has the opportunity to recruit a specialist web publisher to work within its UK Ireland Marketing team. This team manages the Company’s UK and Ireland websites on behalf of content owners across the business. As a Web Publisher your main responsibilities will involve:  Publishing content to the Corporate Website both new and refreshing existing content  Image Sourcing and Editing  Copy Editing  Exercising quality control on the styling and layout of documents in accordance with Fujitsu’s templates and design style guide; As a Web Publisher your skills and qualifications will include:  Practical experience of HTML, SEO and Google PPC  Practical experience of working with content management systems, ideally with specific experience of SDL Tridion.  Capable of working independently with internal stakeholders to define, check and deliver projects.  Able to produce work that is accurate, wellwritten and delivered to agreed deadlines.  Able to work effectively with external creative agencies.  Able to selftrain and keep up to date with system changes. About You Fujitsu’s success is built on the skills, knowledge and expertise of our people. You will be a positive, driven individual who thrives on challenges and constantly endeavours to deliver excellence and process improvement, both to your team, Fujitsu and our customers. The Benefits Competitive salary plus 25 days holiday, life assurance, medical insurance and bonus. Diversity Fujitsu is fully committed to the development of a diverse workforce. Therefore applications for employment are always fully considered, irrespective of gender, ethnic origin, race, faith, sexual orientation or parttime status. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/WebPublisher_job****