Title: Senior UI Developer/Team Leader
Webindex: 68626386
Company: TLP Consultancy
Description: Senior UI Developer/Team Leader Nr Cambridge Salary ****  60,000 My client is looking to recruit Senior User Interface/Web Developers to join a new company within their group. They are fast becoming the leading provider of Remote Control and Monitoring systems. Their system uses radio communications to link street lights back to a central database and web server in order to allow street lighting to be managed in a sophisticated and energy efficient way. You will be working as part of a small closeknit team and giving technical and team leadership in the development of the web based user interface through which end users configure the street lighting system and analyse and interpret measured data from the street lights in order to optimise performance and minimise energy usage. The environment is a Linux operating system running an Apache/PHP web server. The user interface connects to a Firebird database and runs standard SQL queries. There are external interfaces to a growing number of Asset Management Systems exchanging data through XML file transfer and SOAP interfaces. You will be using the latest techniques to add major new functionality to the system including high performance mapping, mobile apps, new graphical control functions and so on to help us maintain our position of technical leadership within this new industry. The role also involves the management of a small team and for the right candidate, could include their line management. We would expect the successful candidates to have the following skills and experience: A good degree Experience of web based application development and technical leadership Strong skills in PHP development Experience of interfacing to databases (not necessarily Firebird) and writing SQL queries Some experience of team leadership Specific technical experience of the following areas will be considered an advantage (although not essential): Experience of using the Ext JS library Knowledge of a Linux environment Experience of the Firebird database Experience of web based mapping Experience of mobile apps You will be: An enthusiastic team player, but be able to work independently Prepared to do what is required in a small startup company environment Be prepared to learn new skills as necessary Have good communications skills Have good organisation skills If this sounds a good match please forward me your CV TLP Consultancy Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.