Title: Senior Software Engineer (Embedded)
Webindex: 69018728
Company: Logical Personnel Solutions
Description: Title: Senior Software Engineer (Embedded) Location: Cheltenham Salary: ****K  benefits, holiday, pension. Company Our client is a leading Engineering organisation that is involved with the production, development and support of high specification Electronics products. They work across the Defence, Military and Aerospace sectors. They strive to provide engineering excellence to all of their clients. Role description The candidate will be expected to contribute to the software engineering effort, working as part of the overall engineering team and must be able to manage their individual project tasks as well as provide accurate estimates and technical evaluations for future work. The successful candidate will also provide technical support and occasionally make presentations to both internal and external customers. Continued support of the software for the organisations products Low level driver and BSP development for bespoke electronic hardware designs Ownership and development of the business software development processes and toolchain Requirements Experience of developing embedded software solutions in C++ , C and C . An understanding of basic electronics to aid in the interface with the electronics design team. Take ownership and fulfil responsibilities to facilitate delivery of various projects. Be able to develop software solutions in accordance with the business/contract requirements. It would be advantageous if the candidate has experience or knowledge of some of the following: Requirements Engineering XMLbased configuration and datatransfer GUI development and programming PC**** Architectures, ISA bus UML, SysML, SCADE, Model Based Development; Rhapsody For further information on this opportunity please contact Andy Cooper at Logical Personnel Solutions. This vacancy is being advertised by Logical Personnel Solutions Limited. The services advertised by Logical Personnel Solutions Limited are those of an Employment Agency