Title: Application Support Analyst Linux
Webindex: 70783362
Company: Linux Recruit
Description: A vacancy has arisen within a leading Media/Entertainment organisation. The company are looking for an Application Support Analyst to be responsible for the maintenance and upkeep of the infrastructure that supports a traffic heavy website. The organisation is currently undergoing rapid change with a major investment programme that aims to use the best available Linux and Open source technology. Therefore this represents a brilliant opportunity to bring your expertise to a world class organisation. This role will enable you to respond to major technical incidents, with support given in an array of fields such as development, functional test, integration, staging and production. You will also be asked to perform root cause analysis on major incidents. We are looking for someone who has experience in a support function with a wealth of knowledge of Linux. The company are using Redhat and Centos distributions of Linux and experience with these is advantageous. Apache web servers are an integral part of the online presence and therefore knowledge of this is required. Operational experience of MySQL and the operational running of remote administration of Linux servers is desirable. This is an outstanding opportunity to join one of the worlds leading media organisations at a time when it is continuing to grow and to prosper. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from Linux System Administrators, Linux System Engineers, Linux Support Engineers and Application Support Analysts of any age for this role. LinuxRecruit are a leading open source specialist and provides services as an agency and employment business. Linux Engineer, Linux System Administrator, Redhat, MySQL, Root cause analysis This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ApplicationSupportAnalystLinux_job****