Title: Solution Architect  Microsoft
Webindex: 69040457
Company: Aximis  Limited
Description: We urgently require Senior Solution Architects for our Market Leading Client. The successful Solution Architect will consult with customers on a predominately presales basis with the objective of understanding the customers IT challenges and services requirements. The Solution Architect will then create a solution that will deliver against the customer's objectives and serve to increase our client’s business through profitable, well structured engagements in the required technology domains. Main Duties: The primary area of expertise of the Solution Architect will be in Microsoft Technologies and they will have a good breadth of knowledge across the following: Datacentre Services both Remote Services Microsoft management technologies SCCM, SCOM Microsoft Technologies both for the Datacentre and Desktop Virtualisation both for the Datacentre and Desktop Collaboration using Microsoft technologies (MOSS, Exchange, Groove etc) Storage using multi vendor or single vendor technologies The Solution Architect will perform a lead role in their area of expertise but will require knowledge around the other areas and become a 'trusted advisor' both to the customer and to the client’s sales force. The Solution Architect’s responsibility will also encompass delivering chargeable consulting at a TA level of no more than 2****% of available chargeable time. Requirements: Relevant industry accreditation are also required together with the ability to create and deliver technology solution proposals and presentations. Good Pre and Post Sales Experience. Strong Design and Implementation Experience. Strong Customer Facing Experience. Flexible Self Starter. Ability to travel, Up to ****K Basic  5K Car Allowance  Health  life  pension  ****K Bonus Scheme. Aximis (West) are a specialist Recruitment Agency acting on behalf of our client. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SolutionArchitectMicrosoft_job****