Title: Application Support/ Product Support
Webindex: 70140701
Description: Application Support Analyst/Product Support Analyst FTSE 100 Client  (Tech includes Tomcat, Weblogic, Websphere, .net, Java, SQL, Oracle)  Rugby/Warwickshire  salary negotiable This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced Web Application Support Analyst to work within the Applications Support area of an expanding FTSE 100 client. You will have a background of working within a support environment, have commercial experience of supporting web applications and also experience of supporting query languages is required (SQL or Oracle). About The Role A key clientfacing, technical role in the Application Support team. This role is key to maintaining service levels and ensuring client satisfaction by managing the daytoday client relationship, resolving incidents or escalating to other teams, and monitoring service levels. Monitor calls received and response and resolution times, escalating potential failures to meet agreed service levels. Investigate client incidents, and resolving product issues. Escalating to the 3rd line support department as appropriate. Maintaining ownership of the incident where appropriate. Attend client service reviews. Liase with clients regarding there service requests and manage the relationship between clients and internal departments. Liase with the QA Department to arrange the release of software. Experience Required Proven experience in a support role and/or helpdesk environment Proven commercial experience supporting a web application to external clients is mandatory. Excellent analytical and communication skills, team working, accuracy and attention to detail, ability to multitask. Commercial experience of supporting query language issues  either SQL or Oracle. An understanding of Database management. This role presents the right individual with a fantastic opportunity, offering not only excellent career progression, but also exposure to working on a marketleading product. For more information and to discuss your new role as Application Support Analyst for a major corporate client in the Warwickshire area, please send your most recent CV to the below contact details: Spring Technology is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Spring Technology is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. 