Title: AWS Operationals Programmer
Webindex: 68450642
Company: Cake Solutions Ltd
Description: Cake Solutions Limited is a made up of highly talented team of Scala, Java, Spring and agile specialists, offering enterprise software development services: OneTeam  enterprise software development, CCS  inhouse development team support services, Cake Invest and Cake Talent  specialist technical HR services. We are looking for a passionate and skilled AWS operationals developer, motivator and consultant. We offer relaxed and stimulating working environment that is free from politics and central IT policies, opportunity to take part in open source projects at work, chance to get your articles published in the Open Source Journal and speaking slots at user group meetings and conferences. In return, you will be monitoring existing AWS clusters of deployed instances, monitoring logs, creating automatic alerts on failure and deploying new clusters based on initial setup guides. You will also undertake User Data daily backups, system recovery in case of failure  based on procedures, upscale existing clusters in the case of usage growth and on demand, and also monitor Cassandra cluster. Please send us your CV; if your qualifications match our requirements, we will schedule a telephone interview. We would also be delighted to see discuss your published works (articles, books, contributions to open source projects). To give you further guidance, you will need the following skills to complete the programming assignment and to successfully work in the Cake Solutions team: Excellent: By 'excellent' we mean full theoretical and practical experience; we expect you to be able to use all skills in this section without further training. Agile working practices. Unix knowledge, experience with bash scripts. Build servers experience. Hudson, Jenkins. AWS EC****nowledge. AWS VPC knowledge. AWS ELB knowledge. AWS ASG knowledge. AWS command line tools experience. Apache**** Webserver experience. Firewall rules. AWS security groups exposure. JVM platforms. (Implicit) Secure copy over network, minimum networking knowledge  DNS, Ubuntu platforms initial setup, understanding of hostfiles. Good to have: By 'good to have' we mean some theoretical or practical experience, but we do not expect you to understand all details. We will provide the necessary training to take your skills to the excellent level. Load balancing of web applications. Apache balancers. NoSql databases. MongoDB, Apache Cassandra. AWS monitoring. Vagrant. Oracle Virtual Box. VMware. Parallels. Exposure to at least one of this. Ruby scripts. Chef. Postfix mail server. Configuration exposure. Nice to have: By 'nice to have' we mean skills that would make your application much more attractive to us. You are not required to have these skills to work in the Java developer role, but we will encourage you (and provide the training) to improve your knowledge in these areas. Puppet The developer must be able to fit in to our tightly knit team who work together to solve issues. Other responsibilities will include using the Cake Solutions systems to manage clients and projects and helping to move Cake Solutions forward through innovation and forward thinking. The agile project management (Scrum, Kanban) experience, sceptical and critical thinking and good communications skills are also essential.