Title: Technical Analyst / Developer  Milton Keynes
Webindex: 71566305
Company: Interact Consulting
Description: Technical Analyst / Developer  Milton Keynes An experienced methodical developer to provide technical expertise for supporting product solutions and internal applications delivering ITIL based incident, problem, release and change management. Liaising with internal teams and customers, you must have a broad technical knowledge of Microsoft technologies especially C and SQL Server however have a passion for more than just coding. You will be the “go to” person and the developers will be the coders. Key responsibilities include; The resolution of incidents and the establishment of root cause fixes for both external and internal clients. Provide clients with technical answers and knowledge  Problem management. The successful delivery of projects and applications within guidelines and requirements in an ITIL work environment. The production of concise and effective documentation and produce release notes enabling efficient knowledge transfer. This position is perfect for a methodical, analytical and knowledgeable individual who boasts experience of developing and supporting C, .Net, SQL Server (Tables, Statements etc) and Visual Studio within an ITIL framework. The perfect candidate for this role must also have knowledge of Microsoft applications and development tools, coupled with experience of configuration management, installation and deployment tools. All applicants must have attained a formal IT certification (MCP/MCAD/MCSD) and be at home with liaising with clients on a facetoface level. Any applicant who have experience with the following will be at a huge advantage: Agile, RUP, Prince **** WCF, WPF and .Net **** This isn't your run of the mill support role. My client is looking for the best technical minds who have a background in development and support mentality who feel at ease dealing with clients and can continuously bring their best everyday Salary on offer is ****K plus superb package (Flexitime, healthcare, pension and bonus) and career progression. If you feel that you are the perfect person for this role then please apply now This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TechnicalAnalystDeveloperMiltonKeynes_job****