Title: Solutions Designer
Webindex: 69020206
Company: Certes
Description: Solutions Designer  Nottinghamshire  c. **** Certes Computing are looking for Solutions Designers to join a FTSE company based in Nottinghamshire. In these roles you will design systems in alignment with the overall architecture strategy, controlling the design impact on cost, ensuring quality of solution while driven to deliver change as quickly as possible. You will be working with project teams and the architects to ensure that each project completed according to their strategy and governance. Responsibilities: Act as the key point of contact within, and outside of, the department and have ultimate responsibility for the design of development projects Work extensively with the systems architecture team including influencing approach and influencing strategy. Liaison with senior management team members Manage the technical dependencies of the IT change plan within a Project, ensuring full and optimal utilisation of the technical resources allocated to the project. Take responsibility for defining and delivering the Solutions to NonFunctional (qualitative) Requirements Play a key role in the Estimation of projects scope/size/time and resourcing requirements, leading the estimation/resourcing of the technical team needs on behalf of the Project Manager. Ensure the Solution is appropriately designed to handle errors, security risks, disasterrecovery, compliance to regulation/legal stipulations. Providing alternative solutions to business requirements with appropriate balance of time/cost/quality/scope of the solution, to establish the most costeffective solution. Design the solution in an extensible manner, ensuring that future projects will be able to enhance and adapt to serve future business needs. Adopt Technical Solutions to manage Business risk, mitigating the impact of IT Change on the Business through innovative approaches to the delivery and transition of systems from old to new functionality. Feed into the Project Plan, and dependencies and resource requirements to enable the Project manager to plan effectively Play a key role in the determination of the Project Delivery Mechanism (agile, iterative, waterfall) Key Skill Requirements: Essential Considerable experience of the design, development and unit testing of complex large scale & multiuser applications, particularly CRM systems Considerable experience of application development using at least three of the following tools on Oracle ****g/****g platforms within a commercial environment oPL/SQL oASP.Net oC.NET oWPF oWCF oHTML/JavaScript oDesign Patterns oUnix Shell Scripting Certes Computing (and all of its subsidiary companies) is committed to promoting equality and diversity in its business operations