Title: Publication Support Technician
Webindex: 69043035
Company: Integrated Publishing Solutions Ltd
Description: This is a great opportunity for a new Publication Support Technician to join our growing company at an exciting time in our business development. The position of Publication Support Technician is a client facing role which requires the successful candidate to provide support in document design and production, particularly focused on the product of KIIDs and Fund Factsheets. You will be supporting the provision of a data handling and publishing service to our Asset Management clients through the iPlus system. The successful candidate will be based in the IPS office, Leamington Spa, but should expect periods providing onsite support, typically in London, for our international client base. Responsibilities O perating the iPlus system to produce client documentation  Setting up new projects in iPlus Copying, renaming, zipping and uploading files in Microsoft Windows Reading XML code and use of a text editor to perform searchandreplace tasks within code Designing layouts and achieving successful creative solutions  Representing IPS in a professional and timely manner  Ensuring all client deliveries for which you are responsible are completed to schedule and to exacting standards.  Managing your time to support the efficient production requirements of the customer and documenting your work so that your work can be effectively dealt with in any instance of absence.  Using your initiative to find solutions to ad hoc challenges which inevitably arise in the customer environment.  Recording and reporting system enhancements and improvements to IPS Desired skills and experience The successful candidate will have been educated to degree level and will possess outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. Candidates must also be comfortable working within our friendly and supportive team but equally selfmotivated and able to take the initiative. The successful candidate will be confident in communicating with our clients at every level and ability. Candidates must be familiar with Microsoft Word and Excel for example: paragraph formats and styles, cell number formats, date formats, and use of macros. Ideal candidates will also have prior experience of:  DTP  XML  Writing technical documentation  Document styling and formatting. A background in Asset Management marketing or publishing would be an advantage as would experience in system testing and knowledge of desktop publishing, ideally Adobe Framemaker. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/PublicationSupportTechnician_job****