Title: SAP BI Analyst
Webindex: 68683037
Company: Whitehall Resources Ltd
Description: SAP BI Analyst – SAP BW and Crystal A fantastic opportunity has become available working for one of Europe’s largest logistics service provider to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and healthcare industry. They are currently recruiting for a Business Intel Analyst to provide support, development for Business Intelligence applications and SAP BW. You will also develop operational and client reports from operations and other applications. As a junior you will be supporting the Ops Applications Manager. Key Responsibilities / Outputs • Reports, (paper, Web etc) to support the business. • Debug existing reports for errors. • Work with Key business stakeholders to understand and define business requirements for new functionality or change. • Document requirements including producing Functional Specifications • Effectively communicate on technical and nontechnical subjects with all levels of personnel • Review solutions proposed by IT teams to ensure feasibility. • Assist in formulating preproject deliverables. • Assist the definition of project scope for IT solutions. Qualifications / Experience required for the job (Ideal) • Degree educated or equivalent • Interpersonal skills liaising with all levels of business and solution providers • Comfortable working at both a Strategic and Functional detail levels, with both Business and IT Stakeholders • Strong verbal communication skills in presentations, meetings and workshops. • Expert written skills in producing clear and concise documentation based on corporate templates. • Proven analysis skills of business processes, technical solutions and complex requirements. • Understanding of SAP solutions and connectivity to varied applications both internal and external Competencies • Expert knowledge of ERP/Finance systems • Expert competence in ABAP coding. • Working knowledge of Systems Integration. • Technical writing. • Customer Focus skills • Team Work – a flexible attitude and works well as part of a team as well as on their own. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SAPBIAnalyst_job****