Title: Project Engineer / Field /Drive Test Engineer (Mobile Teleco Handsets)
Webindex: 68360395
Company: Prosper Consulting
Description: Project Engineer / Field Test / Drive Test Engineer (Mobile Telecoms / Handsets) Based: UK – Reading Office /Extensive travel is required as part of the role, so eligibility to work freely and at short notice across EU is essential. UK or EU resident/no visa sponsorship available. Full / Clean UK Driving License essential Key Skills: Previous experience in field test / drive test / mobile handset testing aswell as analysis Good understanding and genuine interest in mobile devices, distinguishing between smartphone technologies, platforms and applications. (****G HSPA GSM). Degree in Engineering, Telecommunications, IT or Science would be advantageous Engineering background in electronics/telecommunications with knowledge of mobile networks IP trace analysis/mobile network protocol analysis advantageous (use of network analysis tools beneficial) We are seeking highly capable Field / Drive Test / Project Engineer (mobile telecoms field / mobile handset test engineers) who are able to demonstrate sound technical expertise to work on some exceptionally well know branded client project work. This position provides a great opportunity for the right candidate to add value to a growing business in the wireless device space and gain significant industry exposure to new technologies. You must be a motivated and organised self starter with a strong ability to work as part of a fast paced team as well as being able to self manage yourself to work effectively, productively and independently in the field as well as in a team. About the role: As a project engineer / field / drive test engineer you will be working with other Project Engineers within our European team on delivering complex test projects on mobile devices, including conducting “enduser” field performance testing on live networks. You will also coordinate field test activities including, logistics, scheduling and test equipment requirements. Results orientated, with excellent problem solving decision making skills you will apply your technical knowledge to capture the performance of phones and networks at a range of stationary and mobile key public locations and environments. Solutions involve capturing voice quality, call performance, running data service applications on handsets. Other responsibilities include: verifying correct equipment/software operation, audio levels, Bluetooth connectivity, and correct configuration of data subscriptions on phones and data logging and reporting feedback. About the company: My client is a leading international provider of services and solutions aimed at improving the quality of experience of mobile devices through performance information.They are advancing the science of handset performance measurement methods and setting new standards for voice and data performance measurement services.The mobile device performance information is used by a variety of organisations including wireless carriers, handset manufacturers, chipset and wireless accessory manufacturers and infrastructure providers to guide product and service decisions that result in meaningful quality improvements for the consumer. Project Engineer / Field Test / Drive Test Engineer (Mobile Telecoms / Handsets) For more information on this position, please email your CV and remuneration details to: Simon Ibson  Director Prosper Consulting Ltd This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ProjectEngineerFieldDriveTestEngineerMobileTelecoHandsets_job****