Title: Graduate Test Engineer
Webindex: 70250769
Company: Link For People Services
Description: The role: Our client is seeking an enthusiastic and motivated engineering or computer science graduate to undertake a wide range of new product test activities. The role requires a combination of practical common sense together with basic software development skills in order to develop test and analysis procedures. These procedures will be used in order to test our current product range, which range from large remote controlled power systems to control electronics and communications systems for the defence sector. Responsibilities:  Testing both Controllis and Telgenco products under a wide range of environmental and operating conditions.  Maintain and contribute to development of product test software and apparatus.  Maintain and contribute to development of production test software and database.  Support offsite product testing both in the UK and overseas.  Essential candidate requirements. Required:  Qualified to degree level in an engineering background.  Working knowledge of at least two of Java, C, C++, C, Python, Linux shell scripting.  Ability to work independently to meet deadlines and schedules, using enthusiasm and technical experience to deliver creative solutions for design problems.  Excellent practical skills.  The successful candidate will have had either professional experience in the robotics, automotive or machine control sectors or have a relevant hobby requiring a combination of practical mechanical and electronic skills.  Basic knowledge of electrical wiring, construction of test system hardware, and authoring of test software.  Full, clean UK driving licence. This role will require drive testing products from time to time, and may require the use of rental vehicles.  Knowledge of common IP transport protocols, e.g. TCP, UDP, DHCP, ARP, SNMP, etc. Link For People Services is a recruitment agency advertising on behalf of clients. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateTestEngineer_job****