Title: Senior Buyer  Fast Growing Ecommerce Company   London  ****K 
Webindex: 72513199
Company: Voga.com
Description: Voga.com is a wellknown and rapidly expanding global ecommerce company that retails in stylish, high quality replica designer furniture and furnishings. We pride ourselves on the beauty and absolute quality of our products, and are now looking to strengthen our China / Far East procurement activity by recruiting a Senior Buyer to join our management team. This is a unique opportunity with a global remit to command the purchasing and product development activities of an online retailer that is enjoying huge growth and is well on track to becoming a large global brand. If you have a true passion for ecommerce, coupled with proven retail procurement success, and the drive, tenacity and entrepreneurial spirit to meet our growth targets and maximise on the plentiful opportunities awaiting us, then please read on. The RoleThis is an incredibly varied position that will see you defining the strategic direction and operational process for all Voga.com's procurement activities, as well as using your creative abilities to identify and create our new product ranges. No two days will be the same, but these are your key responsibilities: Define a strategic and tactical process for all Voga.com's sourcing and purchasing activities, implementing industry best practices to support a best in class procurement function. Source new product lines as necessary in order to continually evolve our product ranges; create and build upon the Voga collections. Conduct market research to ensure that our products keep Voga.com at the forefront of the Scandinavianinspired designer furniture industry. Take responsibility for our product development, ensuring that our products are made from the same high quality materials as the originals, and that they resemble the originals in every single detail. Drive and creatively input into video/photo shoots in China. Put in place quality control measures that will ensure our products are consistently of the highest quality. Identify and select new suppliers in China, and cultivate strong relationships with them. Manage supply chain relationships through suppliers and third party logistics providers. Establish seamless stock management processes, ensuring that our stock levels will meet and fulfil demand with minimal delay. Optimise savings at all stages of the procurement process, preserving the integrity of our margin. The PersonYou may currently be working within the buying team of a large retailer and be looking for your next stepup in responsibility. Or maybe you thrive on the buzz and pace of startups and are looking for your next exciting journey in a small but rapidly growing online business. We're fairly relaxed about your background as long as you have the following: Experience of defining and/or executing the full endtoend procurement process, and an impressive track record to tell us about. Experience of buying manufactured retail products on an international scale, with particular exposure to sourcing deals in China and the Far East. An understanding of international factory operations, and previous exposure to the complexities associated with a global supply chain. Expertise in strategic sourcing best practice, and solid experience of influencing, and ideally developing, a procurement strategy An eye for good Scandinavian furniture design, and knowledge of the original classics. Unerring focus on excellent quality, with experience of defining and/or implementing robust quality control measures. A mix of creative flair and commercial acumen and savviness, necessary to piece together a line of products that will appeal to our customer base, as well as provide us with a healthy margin. Sensitivity to different cultures. Sharp negotiation skills with excellent judgment. The ability to establish and grow strong partnerships with suppliers. Experience in fast moving B****C luxury goods. The initiative and confidence to work independently and to embrace full responsibility for all our buying, product development and supply chain management activities. Strong problem solving ability, and the sort of mindset that views a lack of structure as an opportunity to add value rather than as an obstacle to progress. An inquisitive mind with a head for data analysis. The ability to multitask, and the drive and energy to consistently deliver on time and within budget. Additionally, these things are not essential but would move you further up our shortlist: Experience gained explicitly within furniture retail. Scandinavian background or heritage Experience of product development within China. More about Voga.com Our raison d'tre is to bring beautiful and achingly stylish furniture and furnishings within reach of everyone. Highly profitable, we have invested heavily in our systems and infrastructure, and now have the foundations in place to become a global brand and the largest online replica furniture store in the world. The next critical piece of the jigsaw is to bring in the key people who will work with us to make this happen. We are highly experienced in ecommerce, brimming with ideas and enthusiasm, and incredibly excited about what the future will bring. If this sounds like your kind of journey, and you would like to join our energetic, innovative and creative international team, then we would love to meet you. Get in Touch For immediate consideration for this great role, please send your CV to , along with a note explaining why we should snap you up. We can't wait to hear from you. Sorry if this sounds unfriendly, but we don't really want to hear from agencies, remote workers, freelancers or people requiring visa sponsorship.