Title: Lead Linux Architect
Webindex: 67946626
Company: LinuxRecruit Ltd
Description: Lead Linux Architect Worldwide, growing and highly creative organisation are looking for a Lead Linux Architect to join the highly establish and still growing organisation. We re looking for someone who is interested in working in a client facing capacity and who has experience leading a team of Engineers and being truly accountable for projects. The role will Linux based, we re looking for someone who is still very much hands on but at the same time can take a step back and look at the overall strategic direction of a technical team, based on a client s requirements. We re looking for a rare mix of skills between someone who is passionate about Open Source and the latest technologies however at the same time someone who can hold a presence in a room and has a shining personality. You will also be keen to work in a client facing capacity and be enthusiastic about providing a high level of support. You will act as a consultant for client projects. You will review solution architecture and put forward proposals for improvement This will also be a mentoring position for more junior system administrators and technical staff. The background we re looking for is someone who has come through the ranks as a Linux System Administrator and is now working in a senior capacity. You will not be truly accountable on various migration and installation projects rather than just performing the task. This is an incredible position for a high calibre Linux individual. In terms of future progression, an outstanding place to work and skills enhancement and training there are not going to be many better opportunities on the market at the moment. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from Linux System Administrators or Linux System Engineers of any age for this role. LinuxRecruit are a leading open source specialist and provides services as an agency and an employment business