Title: Level 1 Support Engineer  Woking (GU****)
Webindex: 71850581
Company: QA Limited
Description: Company Profile Rostrvm Solutions Limited is a software company. We design, develop and support the rostrvm suite of applications that make call centres, contact centres and back office operations work efficiently and effectively. The ‘buzz’ in the software industry is about Software as a Service (SAAS); Rostrvm Solutions approach is different; rostrvm SYS Software at Your Service – Where you need it. When you want it. Software at your Service. Rostrvm was established in 1986 as a division of royalblue, the financial trading applications company. Today, Rostrvm Solutions is privately owned and based in the UK in Woking, Surrey. As a privately held company we maintain a strong culture of independence which is increasingly rare in our market sector. We see our independence as a major benefit to our customers and partners – it guarantees the openness of our technology and the objectiveness of our approach and advice. Job Overview The support objectives at Level 1 are:  To understand the nature of the of the Enduser customer issue;  To establish whether it is a request for assistance or a fault;  To provide help and guidance in the event of a request for assistance ;  To direct the Enduser customer appropriately in the event that a fault does not reside within Rostrvm Solutions Products;  To perform initial checks and gather information to aid further investigation at Level 2 in the event that a fault resides within the Rostrvm Solutions Products. Level 1 support activities include:  Creating a separate Case record for each and all reported issues  Assigning a unique reference number to each Case and advising the Enduser customer of the unique Case number  Keeping the Enduser customer updated on progress with the Case.  Ascertaining the nature of each reported issue Training to be provided:  Microsoft Technical Associate (MTA)  City Guilds Certificate in IT Systems and Principles  City Guilds Level 3 Diploma in IT Professional Competence You must have at least **** G.C.S.E Grades (C and above) or equivalent, Maths and English is a must. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Level1SupportEngineerWokingGU****_job****