Title: Cognos Business Intelligence Manager
Webindex: 68835672
Description: Cognos BI Manager/Team Leader  Please call Charlotte Gray at Sentinel IT **** **** An experienced Cognos BI Manager/Team Lead is required by my client. You will act as a handson developer and manager of resource that provides technical and project management leadership, conducting Cognos development oversight, Cognos administration, and implementation of the intuitive and sustainable Cognos Business Intelligence solutions and related Cognos products that meet business expectations and are designed and built according to best in class development standards and practices. Overall objectives and responsibilities Provide overall technical and business guidance for the usage of Cognos tools and related software products. Define and maintain Cognos architecture, security processes, standards, procedures, and best practices for Cognos usage while staying abreast of new Cognos offerings. Architect and optimise the Cognos BI presentation layer in the data warehouse implementations, tailoring solutions for Management dashboards, BI Analytics or Operational BI. Develop and document a roadmap through collaboration with the data management and functional business teams. Assist in solving technical and performance problems within the technical infrastructure. Participate in providing gap analysis, from a technical perspective, highlighting current state, future state, stakeholder needs, best practices and competition. Establish credibility at all levels with stakeholders and builds problemsolving partnerships with colleagues; collaborate with developers and business owners, to ensure the creation of BI designs and implementations. Develop and manage Cognos BI presentation layer training, and documentation. Follow SDLC discipline and project management practices and processes while delivering BI projects. Lead BI resources to achieve projects deliverables in the area of expertise, to conclusion of a project phase. Engagement with the Business to gain complete understanding of requirements in relation to business processes and data, ensuring that solutions within BI are fit for purpose. Provide leadership and work guidance to less experienced personnel. Manager the support function for BI ensuring SLA s are adhered to. Oversee working with the infrastructure team the COGNOS platform ensuring that all COGNOS products are integrated and aligned. Skills and Experience Educated to degree level Significant experience in a development role, and some within a management role. Experience in the following applications is essential, DataManager (ETL), Framework Manager, Report Writer, Analysis Studio, Query, SQL Expertise in developing standards, procedures, and best practices for Cognos usage while staying abreast of new Cognos offerings and demonstrates a deep understanding of Cognos applications in order to engage with business, developers. Expertise in maintaining, developing and implementing Enterprise Cognos Business Intelligence architecture, security plans and processes. Understanding of operational and analytical BI requirements and a strong knowledge of relational and multidimensional database architectures. Experience in designing and implementing intuitive analytical solutions, business scorecards and management dashboards. Proficiency in conducting Cognos Administration, Cognos installs and fix pack upgrades. Experience in participating in analysis sessions with the user community to capture, define data requirements clearly, completely and correctly; translating business requirements and rules into conceptual and logical Cognos framework model. Excellent data analysis skills using SQL. Experience in developing complex relational and Framework Manager models (cubes) , maintaining data sources, building packages, managing folders, implementing parameter maps; developing and performance tuning of reporting queries against relational and OLAP data sources. Experience with Transformer, and PowerPlay is a plus. Ability to work collaboratively within and across teams, to design and maintain Cognos BI architecture that will allow the business intelligence and data warehouse solutions to evolve with the business. ERP knowledge ideally Oracle E**** would be a distinct advantage. Experience in delivering quality work on time with multiple, competing priorities. Experience in working well with others on the team to meet project milestones, manage stakeholder satisfaction and mentor others on the team. 