Title: European Training Specialist
Webindex: 70770526
Company: Bracknell Personnel Services
Description: Accountable for the provision of training and development for European employees, to enhance capability levels in line with organisational requirements. The ideal candidate will have experience in facilitating soft skills training in a corporate environment and strong instructional design skills for nontechnical topics. Key responsibilities: Delivery of corporate training classes as needed to support new hire orientation and the development of employee skills related to communication, management, influencing, problem solving and any other skills as needed. Design new courses based on research and enhance existing course design using internal and external expertise. Evaluation of the effectiveness of training and development activities. Provide career development advice and departmental support for individual and team assessments. Coordinate technical training needs working with experts from region and HQ, utilising corporate training as needed to fulfil requirements in region. Customise corporate training classes into webinars for delivery. Conduct annual Training Needs Analysis. Ensure training records and training reports are maintained and distributed. Management of training programmes or projects Qualifications and Special Requirements: CIPD qualified in Training Practice with demonstrable experience in course design Management development experience working with professional staff required Team building experience required Requires experience in training design in a corporate or adult education environment. Having experience in a Sales or sales training environment is preferred. Experience of delivering training to a multicultural audience Expertise in adult learning and instructional design theory/methods Some experience with development or implementation of Elearning would be advantageous. Excellent communication skills Flexibility of hours for overseas employees is required