Title: Applications Services Manager
Webindex: 69997640
Company: United Biscuits
Description: United Biscuits are currently recruiting for a tremendous opportunity within our IS Applications Services Management (ASM) Team, reporting to the UK IS Controller. The ASM Team within UB is a team of only six people, as Applications Support Development is provided under an Outsourced contract. The ASM Team liaise directly with the business, defining the strategy, driving the Applications Development agenda and ensuring that the Outsourced provider, together with other software providers and the business, deliver support and projects as defined. Each member of the ASM Team has specific areas/functions of the business for which they are personally accountable. The main focus of this specific role will be the Business Processes and associated IT Systems and Projects in the Manufacturing area and therefore knowledge and experience in these areas is essential. Over the past few years we have defined an IS Strategy for manufacturing that is fully aligned with the business strategy. We are in the early days of implementing this strategy and therefore it is an exciting time to join the team and drive the implementation across all the manufacturing sites and lines of United Biscuits. Commensurate with the level of the role, the successful candidate will be expected to drive the Manufacturing IT Agenda, working closely with the most senior members of the manufacturing function. While the role is very much focussed on Manufacturing, the successful candidate will be expected to work in other areas in line with the business and their own development needs. A willingness and ability to travel on a regular basis to the various United Biscuits sites across the UK is essential. The purpose of the role is as follows : To ensure IS investment meets the strategic priorities of the business. To ensure that the IS programme has been defined and prioritised, within their area of responsibility, and expectations are managed. To control the delivery of IS services, application development and support, from third party service providers. To effectively manage the relationships between the business, IS and our third party suppliers. Drive continued improvement and use of United Biscuits’ application portfolio. To ensure an effective Process Forum/Superuser organisation is maintained within the business that both monitors and controls established processes and drives the changes that will improve these processes To influence the business to ensure technology is seen as an enabler and a driver of change. We are looking for a candidate who has the following skills and knowledge : Proven project management experience Understands crossfunctional processes Ability to propose and cost solutions/proposals Experienced in producing business and technical specifications Budget and financial management Data/Information Analysis Skills Knowledge of development standards Knowledge of standard FMCG processes Knowledge of and experience in Manufacturing systems Ability to provide ideas based on new technologies Excellent communication skills Effective influencing skills Good PC and IT literacy Driving Licence About Us United Biscuits (UB) is the UK’s leading branded biscuits manufacturer, producing some of the best known and loved sweet and savoury treats. From eight manufacturing sites in the UK we have been producing classic brands that have been delighting consumers for generations and include such favourites as McVitie’s, Jaffa Cakes, Penguin, and Mini Cheddars. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ApplicationsServicesManager_job****