Title: IT Project Manager (Infrastructure), Aberdeen
Webindex: 68179947
Company: Mars Recruitment
Description: IT Project Manager (Infrastructure), Aberdeen, 3 Months, ****  **** per day: An IT Project Manager is urgently required by our innovative client based in Aberdeen. With lot s of urgent projects which they need assistance with my client is looking for an experienced IT Project Manager who identify and manage a range projects which are critical to our clients business and customers. You ll work with project teams to produce plans and schedules, monitor issues and risks ensuring that they are resolved at appropriate steering forums, monitor project progress against the project plans, proposing and implementing actions should there be any slippages. The successful Project Manager will have proven project management skills with a track record of successfully managing multidiscipline project teams and meeting cost, time and quality targets. Ideally you will have delivered IT Infrastructure related projects and any experience within a Service Delivery orientated company would be highly beneficial to my client. There will be some interaction with customers so you ll need to possess excellent communication skills with the ability to change your style to suit various levels of stakeholders. My client is working to Prince**** methodology so it is essential that your either foundation or practitioner qualified. If you re available immediately, can attend an interview next week and potentially start a contract on the 28th January 2013 then please send MARS a copy of your CV. MARS Recruitment is an equal opportunities employer and positively welcomes applications from suitably qualified applicants regardless of race, colour, sex, marital status, national origin, religion, age, disability, or any other protected status. Suitable candidates for the role will be contacted within 3 working days, unfortunately if you haven t heard back in this time your application has been unsuccessful at this time. MARS Recruitment is a specialist Engineering IT recruiter working in partnership with companies across the UK and offers services of both an Employment Business (for Temporary/Contract roles) and an Employment Agency (for Permanent roles).