Title: Senior Technical Pega Consultant and Developer, Java, J****EE
Webindex: 72460018
Company: Jobsite Jobs
Description: Pega Developer  Financial Services Our client, a tier **** consultancy IT firm is looking at a Pegga Developer/architect or SME to work with one of their top tier Banking clients. This position is responsible for the design, coding, testing, debugging and documenting applications using PEGA, based on bestpractice models and frameworks. This involves creating application architecture and design models, and technical design specifications. This also includes assisting in design and providing input to project plans. This role will also provide production support for applications, when detailed deep analysis or source code changes are required. Responsibilities: Designing, building and maintaining applications, components, and services based on standard development models, languages and tools, including unit testing, performance testing and monitoring, change management and implementation Communicating system enhancement needs, leading the solutions implementation Leading internal application reviews Implementing software engineering methods/practices Responsible for production support and addressing issues Identifies risks and proactively develops solutions Write technical specifications for development projects by analysing business processes and business needs Creates and executes test plans and test data, mapping back to requirements Works closely with product owner to prioritize and resolve defects identified during testing Requirements Handson development experience; Demonstrable experience in application development on PEGA Platform. Demonstrable experience in J****EE programming environment and design principles. Experience in database programming, and XML programming and tools. Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English. Preferred: LSA certification is a plus. Pega CSSA certification is preferred Bachelor s degree in computer science or information management Experience with offshore near shore development partners required. Experience of Agile application development environment