Title: Front End Web Developer / Team Leader
Webindex: 66772847
Company: Executive Facilities
Description: Digital UX Lead – The Company: This global Medical communications agency is seeking a Senior UX,UI Developer to join a newly formed Digital Centre of Excellence. This is a very significant new role in the digital team, reporting to the Head of Digital where you will be responsible for forming and leading the UX/UI team. The position: The work is bespoke, high value digital solutions for global Pharmaceutical and Biotech companies on top of their inhouse V**** portal framework. The art is striking the right balance of bespoke and reusability. Their solutions are designed and built for a global audience in many languages in different legal and regulatory jurisdictions. You will be a creative who understands that to get the best out of the latest technologies you not only need to be an innovative designer but also a handson coder of frontend technologies. You will be comfortable talking to developers, designers and project managers as well as clients and senior management. This role sits in the middle and glues everything together. The department has high growth potential and targets and is expecting that the successful candidate will improve the quality of work and win awards. The role will quickly grow and the opportunity includes recruiting and managing a team. Experience required • Web agency or roles with broad technology and client exposure • Broad experience of video, print, multimedia, mobile, animation, interactive, content, design • Team Management • of managing projects and the processes involved in delivering digital • Degree educated • Expert in HTML, CSS, JQuery • Awareness and knowledge of .NET and MVC coding patterns • Knowledge of eLearning and tools such as Adobe Captivate Benefits: • Excellent salary & Company Car • Bonus Potential • Life Assurance & Private Health Insurance • Additional Voluntary Benefits available including: o Health (Dental, Health Screen and Optical) o Health Clubs and Gyms o Childcare Vouchers o Give As You Earn