Title: Oracle Senior Associate
Webindex: 72127454
Company: Claremont Consulting Ltd
Description: Our client is a big four, global consultancy who are looking to massively expand their Oracle practice. This particular role will be a key position for an Oracle Senior Associate to join a growing team based in Leeds. In joining this team you will part of a unique client proposition, assisting or clients and helping to drive forward business development process. Senior associates are required to have full Oracle ebusiness suite experience. The Role This role provides an excellent opportunity to work in a growing team within our Risk Assurance practice. Our projects are typically shorter than ERP implementations, so if you have developed your Oracle functional skills but want to work with a broader range of clients and on a broader range of projects, this could be the right role for you. The role has arisen due to a growing pipeline of work, particularly around the Oracle Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) Control suite. Our team works nationally and you are likely to get exposure to other parts of the firm, including our Consulting and Audit and Assurance practices. This role presents an excellent opportunity for progression for the right candidate, with development opportunities around Oracle and broader business skills. Key areas of the role  Delivering pre and post implementation reviews of Oracle security and controls (both manual and configurable/automated controls);  Delivering audit support Oracle security and controls reviews. Feeding findings/implications back to audit teams;  Helping clients design their Oracle security and control environments during implementation;  Implementing Oracle GRC applications;  Helping clients to optimise their use of Oracle functionality;  Helping to build the Oracle/ERP practice in the North; and  Leading teams of junior/less experienced practitioners to complete the above work. Requirements  At least two years' experience of the Oracle EBusiness Suite and a demonstrable understanding of core Oracle Financials processes.  Commitment to professional and personal development.  The ability to work within a team.  Enthusiasm about Oracle and its solutions.  The ability to work effectively in the face of pressure and not compromise professional standards.  Strong communication skills  particularly around explaining complex technical issues to nontechnical people.  Report writing.  Experience of writing SQL code and an ability to asses process and project risk. Desirable skills sought for the role:  Knowledge of Oracle GRC solutions and experience of implementing them;  Knowledge of Oracle Database and Oracle reporting technologies; and  Experience of implementing Oracle R**** To apply for the position or to request more details please send your CV/query letter for the attention of Jon Dixon jonathan(at)claremontconsulting(dot)co(dot)uk This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/OracleSeniorAssociate_job****