Title: Salesforce Developer ( Dublin )
Webindex: 70166351
Company: VanRath IT
Description: VanRath working on behalf of their Dublin based multinational, currently have a requirement for a Salesforce development expert. The Role: A Force.com Developer that will develop on the Force.com/Salesforce.com Platform, developing world class software in a fast paced cutting edge development environment. The ideal candidate will have a very strong background in Salesforce.com with a proactive attitude, passionate about software and technology. Responsibilities will include: Extend and maintain current Salesforce.com implementation and develop new functionality Planning, estimating, and continuously improving code quality, systems design and process Work with the business to understand and implement complex functionality with a focus on user experience Work with geographically distributed teams The Candidate: 5 years  experience in software development 2 years  experience in Force.com/salesforce.com development/implementation  experience in Java Development Ideally Certified Force.com Developer (Dev ****) Experience with Service Cloud, Integration and Deployment or similar experience in other platforms Have the ability to dig into business requirements, have a proactive attitude, sense of ownership and precise analytical skills. Be able to work under pressure and against tight deadlines and will need to be pragmatic but intelligent design decisions. Can work closely with business stakeholder s to figure out requirements and translate them to technical solutions Experienced in the full software project life cycle Core Skills: Apex, Visualforce, Unit Testing, HTML, Javascript, Ajax. Complimentary Skills: C, SQL, TDD, Agile, Continuous Integration, Jira, Wiki. To find out more about this position, call Ryan Quinn on **** **** **** or send in your CV via the link below. If you would like to work with some of the best QA Engineers in the best, with more than 20 years of combined experience, then this role will be of interest. The package will be tailored to attract the very best candidates.