Title: Solution Architect (TOGAF, enterprise, Zachman)
Webindex: 67650776
Company: Review
Description: Solution Architect (TOGAF, enterprise, Zachman)Contract  Coventry  12 Months  ****/day Key Sills Solution Architect Enterprise Architecture Frameworks System design Enterprise and Business Architecture Development Methods and Tools Data Analysis and continuity Management iPLM IT are working to design, build, test, deploy and support the IT delivery aspects of the iPLM Programme. This will involve engagement with PMO, Supplier integration, Training, etc and other vendors, IT Services and the CiTO. To develop highlevel and lowlevel architectural solutions to projects that meet the requirements of the business while also aligning with CiTO strategies and policies on platforms, integration, data models, connectivity and security. Develop effective working relationships with project teams, BRM leads, IT Services and the wider CiTO team to progress architectural matters in a timely manner and with maximum benefit to business customers. Provide input to Enterprise Architecture and CiTO team strategy.  Lead the development of architectural solutions within assigned IT projects.  Work with stakeholders to develop effective iPLM solutions that are aligned with IT Strategy: o Project Managers o Business Analysts o iPLM Domain representatives o Business Relationship Managers o CiTO Team o Solution Integration o IT Services o Project Management Office o Thirdparty software suppliers  Assist BRMs and Business Analysts with the identification and capture of any requirements that impact the architectural solution.  Produce project technical documentation and oversee its handover to application support teams.  Engage with the Architecture Review Board at the relevant project stages for technical and strategic concurrence of the solutions and designs produced.  Identify crossproject technical dependencies and coordinate with other technical leads to ensure effective outcomes for all projects concerned.  Work with Strategy and Planning architects to develop and maintain standards and policies to ensure alignment with current project activity and industry bestpractice. Required skills Solution Architecture experience, system design, enterprise and Business Architecture Development, Methods and Tools, Data Analysis and continuity Management. Technical skills required  Enterprise Architecture Frameworks (Zachman, TOGAF), Proven track record of successfully using technology to strategic business advantage and commercial benefit. Desirable skills: Domain  Product Development/Engineering Systems  PLM Enovia, ConfigIT LDAP, SSO, AD, ADFS, SAML etc JavaEE/Tomcat/Websphere/Apache LAN/WAN/TLS/VPN Windows & Linux SAN/NAS Remote Desktops