Title: Mobility Architeict
Webindex: 72694106
Company: Matchtech
Description: Mobile Architect – iOS s required to join a global consultancy – up to ****k per annum  benefits You will need good knowledge of enterprise mobility at both consumer and business market and be Involved in Architecting, Analysis, design and development of mobile enablement applications and products is need for the role along with an understanding of the backend technologies and integration challenges faced by enterprise level applications. You must have some knowledge of iOS & HTML (ideally ****). You will have a good understanding of business processes as well as Solution Architect & Technology Architect work in various phases of the software project life cycle. You will be able to propose mobile architecture to address the customer needs Responsibilities include: contributing to the design and architecture for small to medium projects. Working on problems of a highly complex scope through expert usage of nonstandard concepts and principles that requiring high levels of judgment & interpretation. iOS Capabilities for the role (as many as possible desirable): •Ideally you would have worked on numerous native iOS Enterprise Mobile Application developments and have strong knowledge of OOPs concepts, iOS architecture and UI on all major frameworks. •Hands on iOS SDK, ObjectiveC programming •SQLite and Core Data •Working knowledge on web services such as RESTful and SOAP protocols •Understanding and implementation experience on XMS/JSON parsing, Multithreading concepts (NSThread, NSTimer, NSTask). •Working Knowledge on Concurrency programming (Operation, Queue, GCD) and application of Blocks concepts. •Hands on experience on MDT tools involved in Architecting an iOS based Enterprise Application (both Native & Hybrid) and preparing various Design artefacts for the same (LLD, HLD, SRS, UML). To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.