Title: Senior Solution Designer  Production Operations
Webindex: 71593578
Company: Hudson   Molson Coors
Description: Senior Solution Designer  SAP PP, PPQM Salary: ****k Dependent on experience Location: Burton upon Trent At Molson Coors Brewing Company, our vision is simple  we seek to delight the world's beer drinkers while securing our future as a toptier global brewer. We're the UK's second largest brewer and the European subsidiary of Molson Coors  the global family brewer. We operate one of Europe's largest breweries and brew in excess of **** billion pints of beer a year. Available in over 30 countries, our brands include the UK's number one lager in Carling as well as Coors Light, Cobra, Grolsch, Worthington's and White Shield, all of which are brewed by our exceptional people in locations throughout the UK. And we innovate in all that we do. Right now we've our sights set on becoming one of the **** most profitable brewers in the world and are using our brand and peoplepower to get us there. We're committed to refining our established drinks and developing exciting new ones, creating brands that people love and giving talented, ambitious people the opportunity to prove what they can do in a competitive and exciting marketplace where the challenges  and rewards  come thick and fast. For the position of Senior Solution Designer we are looking for someone with proven SAP PP experience, who has been involved in PP project implementations previously. We are looking for someone is able to communicate effectively at all levels up to senior management but also has the technical knowledge to drive forward the PP solution. In business, technology is nothing if it's not linked together; and linked together technology is nothing if it's not serving customer needs. But making that happen can be tricky. Responsibilities: Responsible for designing new and better SAP solutions, as a senior solution designer you'll be the bridge between technology and the business. You'll sell in new ideas to the business in a language nontechies can understand. SAP is being rolled out across Molson Coors and we need experienced PP experts to help translate business requirements into clear solutions, be able to spearhead the implementation of the PP solution and help our senior stakeholders discuss process issues in a language they understand. It's the best of both worlds: the seniority to make a real impact on how things are done within the business, while still being hands on with some challenging technology projects. When you join us as a Senior Solution Designer you will: Work with business management to identify and deliver systems development projects Monitor the market for emerging technologies, assess their relevance and potential value to Coors, and bring business management up to date on them Design and build integration components and interfaces, and lead practical implementation work in your functional areas Plan and manage the evaluation of software processes Work with 3rd party service providers to ensure technical, and quality targets are met