Title: CRM Project Manager (Oracle Applications, CRM projects, SDLC, Prince ****
Webindex: 68628222
Company: Axica Recruitment
Description: CRM Project Manager (Oracle Applications, CRM projects, SDLC, Prince **** Project Manager) Axica Recruitment is currently looking for an CRM Project Manager to join a major end user in the North of England. My client is a market leader in its field, with over 4 million customers annually and over **** employees in the UK. Due to a major upgrade/implementation project, the need for an CRM Project Manager Project Manager to join the existing team has arisen. Responsibilities: Support the CRM Programme Manager in the production of programme documentation Overall plan, daily management and problem resolution. Monitor and maintain the project plan Development of contingency plans Resource planning of the overall project. Monitoring performance in respect of quality, milestone delivery and budget expenditure. Identification, monitoring and managing dependencies between work streams. Preparation and allocation of work packages to project team(s) Reporting and coordinating work of workstreams. Manage production of the required products Responsible for change control and any configuration management Prepare any followon action recommendations required Provide support and advice required for the management, planning and control of the project Be responsible for project administration Liaise with the suppliers in order to maintain progress in line with the project plan Key Skills/Experience: Strong technical background required Experience of working on previous CRM projects /or Oracle applications is preferable They must be familiar with all aspects of the traditional development life cycle They must have a minimum of five years working in a formal ICT environment Should be degree educated and hold a current PRINCE **** accreditation (Practitioner level preferred) My client anticipates the project length to be 2 years, though due to the size and scope of the company, permanent opportunities or contract extensions are a distinct possibility. There is also a great deal of flexibility regards location, with possible locations including Leeds, Sheffield, Newcastle, York and Middlesbrough. Please apply below, or forward an up to date CV onto Simon Thomson for an initial screening.