Title: Application Designer  Institutional Banking
Webindex: 70770490
Company: Huxley Associates
Description: We are a Global recruitment firm specializing in the banking and technology space, currently helping one of our Global banking clients to hire strong technologists in the capital markets space. Currently we are helping our clients to find the right talent in India, with a prime focus on Bangalore. Designation : Application Designer Years of experience : 10 years of experience Responsibilites: As a Solution Designer, you will gather, analyse and interpret functional and nonfunctional requirements to determine an architectural solution for a specific business project within the approved scope. The focus is on logical and physical views for application design for specific solutions for large and major projects. The artefact delivered will be more detailed than the enterprise architecture, and will be consistent with the Divisional and Enterprise Architecture blueprints and roadmaps, and conformant with the enterprise architecture principles and methods. This architecture will be used to guide the work of the detail designers and developers. A basic overview on the essential requirements: B.E/B.Tech graduates. Technical expertise in Java, J****EE, OOAD(UML), Design patterns, rational rose, Junit High level low level designing experience on complex applications Any domain expertise (preferrably Banking) provided they meet the technical specification and keen to work in the Ibanking domain. Articulate communication skills as the candidate will be interaction with local and global business units. Candidates with the following specs can feel free to connect with me on **** or email Mrrinali on m . punj  huxley . com. I will be happy to attend to your queries and help book your interviews with my clients. Candidates who are particularly keen to work on green field projects and with cutting edge technologies, are requested to send their updated CV to me so I can get on a call and have a detailed chat with you regarding the senior level opportunities. Wishing you a Happy New Year Note: This role advertisement has been sent as part of a keyword search to identify interested, active and relevant candidates. If the role doesn t directly match your skill set, level of seniority or interest, then please disregard this email or feel free to pass on the details to anyone that may be interested or relevant, Alternatively, if you are looking for opportunities and this is not the right role for you, send us your updated profile and we will be in touch for relevant opportunities