Title: IT Sales
Webindex: 62013795
Company: First Option Recruitment Limited   Basingstoke
Description: Our client has an immediate requirement for an experienced and energetic Inside Sales Executive (telemarketing) to join its marketing team in Basingstoke. Reporting to the Campaign Manager, and working with their UK sales team, you will play a central role in generating high quality leads for our sales pipeline. Day to day, you will work with our database of companies and contacts to execute outbound telemarketing campaigns. You will enjoy substantial autonomy to manage your activity from initial cold calls, to nurturing longterm prospects and final qualification. The successful candidate will have a natural flair for engaging with people and communicating complex ideas in simple language. A general understanding of how businesses work coupled with the ability to listen and think quickly will be critical to helping prospects understand how our products could meet their needs. Specific skills and experience required: Proven experience in B2B Telemarketing within the IT sector and ability to effectively develop and qualify new business opportunities Ability to present a value proposition clearly and confidently by phone, email and in person Worked closely with sales and inside sales teams to create best practices and optimise processes Familiarity with Salesforce.com or a similar CRM system Excellent verbal communication skills in English Good telephone manner and listening skills Competent use of Word, Excel and Outlook The successful candidate must know how to start building a value proposition for complex, long sales cycle solutions. Identifying business goals and critical issues, you will be the first step in the process to present the company to Senior Executives at prospective client companies. The ideal candidate will be able to demonstrate the talent and discipline to succeed in an outbound call environment. This is a growing business and selfstarters able to pick up technical information quickly will find ample opportunity to build their career in sales.