Title: Systems Integration engineer  IRAD
Webindex: 69470958
Description: Systems integration engineer with experience within aerospace/civil or defence required to take on an exciting role within a leading Systems development company. My client is seeking a number of highly motivated and skilled Systems Integration/Test Engineers at various levels of seniority for the programmes within the platform Business Area. A Systems Integration and Test Engineer:  Implements, tests, documents, and maintains solutions for the integration and testing of inhouse developed and Commercial Off The Shelf (COTS) components, elements, subsystems and/or systems.  Synthesizes customer contractual needs and requirements into system test solutions that acknowledge performance, schedule and cost requirements.  Establishes functional and technical specifications and standards, solves hardware/software interface problems, defines input/output parameters, and ensures integration of the entire system or subsystem.  Supports the input to test plans, procedures and schedules for complete systems and/or subsystems.  Undertakes subsystem and/or system testing activities with programs and other organisations. Performs analysis of test results and prepares subsystem and/or system level evaluation reports which verify and validate system performance  Writes discrepancy reports and performs integration regression testing to verify/validate incorporated fixes to software, components, subsystems and systems. Responsibilities: Candidate s responsibilities include:  Undertake integration and testing tasks to performance and time constraints.  Update and report on individual task schedules.  Undertake integration and testing at component and system level.  Support the development and implementation of integration and test facilities.  Coordinate test and trials with the Authority.  Aid in preparation of derisking and qualification test documentation.  Adherence to developed risk and safety management procedures during integration and testing activities.  Support technical discussions and presentations with internal and external customers.  Support project supply chain and commercial teams in contracting and procuring equipment and facilities relating to integration, test and trials activities. Required Skills:  Experience of working on defence programmes, preferably within engineering environment.  Experience of performing integration and test activities within a defence programme.  Experience scheduling and tasking complex integration, test and trials activities. .  Understanding of various communications  Ability to support the presentation of information across a large multidiscipline teamed.  Ability to understand cross domain complex system interaction. Successful candidates will possess a desire to be challenged and to contribute towards the success and growth of the business. In return we can offer career development, an empowered and supportive working environment and competitive reward package. You must be prepared to undergo a security clearance vetting process. If you wish to discuss this position in confidence or to speak to me regarding your situation or any other opportunities then please don t hesitate to contact me. Click here to contact this recruiter **** **** 