Title: MVNO Enterprise Architect
Webindex: 55409587
Company: JOBG8
Description: A new opportunity has arisen due to rapid technology growth, as a MVNO Mobile Architect on a full time basis. The successful candidate will come from a strong telecoms background with a technical track record in the same industry. The ideal candidate will provide exploitation of systems and technology in the mobile space in order to deliver E****E solutions aligned with business strategy to deliver superior customer experience. The candidate will contribute to the formulation of Network, Technology, Systems and Information Strategy and evolution plans related to the Mobile/MVNO space. Key Responsibilities Accountable for translating high level requirements and architecture into designs for the networks, systems and processes required to integrate and build a MVNO  this should include areas such as provisioning, activation, service/repair, billing, MIS, networks and legal and regulatory obligations. The solution will enable the business to achieve objectives and benefits realisation. Advise on technical discussions with MNO with regards to requirements and the wider design teams with regards to the interactions with the MNO that are required, options and implications. Laying out the high level architectural options to integrate with an MVNO partner, acquired via similar experience with another operator. Articulation of financial and operational impact of technical solutions. Commercial awareness to be able to understand impact of proposals or overall business. To perform analysis, feasibility and strategic fit of high level projects e.g. evolution plans, new network & technology propositions and complex distributed systems  for mobile/MVNO related projects  to deliver revenue or cost reduction targets. Maintains an oversight of key technology transformation programmes in mobile area, monitoring performance against business objectives, scorecard and responding and recommending actions to trends and taking executive action. To maintain and build internal, external and third party supplier relationships to ensure full commitment and support. To be a recognised authority on mobile across the business and externally. Skills/Experience Recognised expertise and full understanding of modern mobile serviceA new opportunity has arisen due to rapid technology growth, as a MVNO Mobile Architect on a full time basis. The successful candidate will come from a strong telecoms background with a technical track record in the same industry. The ideal candidate will provide exploitation of systems and technology in the mobile space in order to deliver E****E solutions aligned with business strategy to deliver superior customer experience. The candidate will contribute to the formulation of Network, Technology, Systems and Information Strategy and evolution plans related to the Mobile/MVNO space. Key Responsibilities Accountable for translating high level requirements and architecture into designs for the networks, systems and processes required to integrate and build a MVNO  this should include areas such as provisioning, activation, service/repair, billing, MIS, networks and legal and regulatory obligations. The solution will enable the business to achieve objectives and benefits realisation. Advise on technical discussions with MNO with regards to requirements and the wider design teams with regards to the interactions with the MNO that are required, options and implications. Laying out the high level architectural options to integrate with an MVNO partner, acquired via similar experience with another operator. Articulation of financial and operational impact of technical solutions. Commercial awareness to be able to understand impact of proposals or overall business. To perform analysis, feasibility and strategic fit of high level projects e.g. evolution plans, new network & technology propositions and complex distributed systems  for mobile/MVNO related projects  to deliver revenue or cost reduction targets. Maintains an oversight of key technology transformation programmes in mobile area, monitoring performance against business objectives, scorecard and responding and recommending actions to trends and taking executive action. To maintain and build internal, external and third party supplier relationships to ensure full commitment and support. To be a recognised authority on mobile across the business and externally. Skills/Experience Recognised expertise and full understanding of modern mobile service solutions. Indepth understanding of how own expertise contributes to the objectives of the business, backed by a very good working knowledge of the industry. Shares expertise with colleagues and others. Applies knowledge/skills through handling complex problems and/or coordinating work which may extend beyond own area of expertise. Anticipates client needs, investigates the underlying causes and identifies short and long term solutions. Anticipates internal/external business issues and developments in the mobile/MVNO area. Supports strategic planning activities, explains and presents highly complex ideas, anticipates potential objections and prepares case accordingly. Strong technical background within associated industry's, networking, mobile, technology systems.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at 