Title: Desktop Support Engineer
Webindex: 67909166
Company: Carrington Knight Associates
Description: Desktop Support Engineer, 2nd Line Support Engineer, Windows 7, MS Office, Professional Services, London A professional services company based in the City of London is looking for a Desktop / 2nd line support Engineer to join their technical team. Role and scope of work The second line support analyst is responsible for ensuring enquiries made to the firm s help desk are answered and resolved, providing support to the Helpdesk team and with the backup of the wider IT team. You will make every attempt to deal with the issue, within this circa **** user environment, before escalating the call to higher levels of support, and will work to internal Service Level Agreements (SLA) to provide an efficient service to the rest of the firm. The successful candidate will:  Answer the helpdesk and mail support system providing first and second line support for the company s hardware, software and voice and data infrastructure  Undertake fault diagnosis on hardware and software and carry out the necessary repairs or revisions required  Maintain helpdesk records to ensure adherence to SLAs  Take part in the creation and maintenance of the firm s IT asset register  Take part in software roll outs  Liaise with external suppliers  Assist First Line with the production of ebibles and any other duties/projects as directed by the IT Coordinators/Managers Candidate Requirements The successful candidate will have previous IT experience preferably within a professional services environment. Desirable qualifications are Microsoft (MCP/MCSA/MCSE) and Citirix (CCA). If the candidate does not possess such qualifications, they must have demonstrable experience and have a desire to learn and achieve qualifications. The IT Department operate a shift system between the hours of 8am and 6pm. Therefore the ability to cover the early or late shift as appropriate is necessary. Key skills required for this role include:  Effective organisational and time management skills  Internal client focus  Excellent communication skills  A positive attitude  Teamwork  The ability to use initiative  Commitment to continuous improvement  A professional approach to work This is a great opportunity. Apply now for more details.