Title: Trainee Operations Analyst
Webindex: 69022491
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Severn Trent water have a great opportunity for a Trainee Operations Analyt to join their team onsite in Coventry. Role Objective: Provision of specialist operational analysis and support across the Severn Trent Water s applications, environments and Technologies (CONTROL M, JCL scripting, MENU), Live and pre production environment setup and support. To maintain and support the daily critical batch schedule. To provide operational design, implementation and support skills for new Severn Trent Water s application projects ensuring Service Delivery meets the current and future need of the business. This role is part of a **** call out rota Key Accountabilities:  The management, support s applications, schedules and IT Batch Services  Maintaining levels of service with reference to published and agreed Service Level Agreements  Liaison with third parties and peer support groups  Monitor and review service performance at a component level e.g. Application Server, production of reports including recommendations  Adherence to all Severn Trent Water s processes including the raising and approval of Change Controls, updating of Problem records etc.  Identification and implementation of proactive maintenance plans including essential upgrades and software patches.  Maintain awareness of current developments including production of associated product lifecycles.  Provides project support to the Technical Delivery function as required.  Able to work unsocial hours when required which may include short durations away from home e.g. DR exercises  Provision of out of hours support including participation in an oncall/standby rota Experience:  Technical knowledge of at least **** technology area appropriate to the Severn Trent Water s environment e.g. Microsoft, Solaris, Oracle etc.  Knowledge of planning and implementing maintenance activities including planning and negotiating associated system outages.  Knowledge of working in a technical services environment delivering 2nd/3rd support  Knowledge of ITIL principles and knowledge of Incident, Change & Problem Management is desirable. Capabilities:  Must be able to be part of the Out of Hours Callout Rota  Problem Solving  Proactively diagnosing and solving incidents & problems to give a right first time resolution  Requires a flexible approach to work with the ability to use initiative to achieve results.  Ability to work under pressure and unsocial hours where required.  Good communication skills at all levels  Senior & Middle Management, Peers & Colleagues, business users etc.  A proven team player with the ability to assist staff and colleagues of differing technical abilities and skills  Excellent customer service skills  Must hold a full driving licence Qualifications:  Technical knowledge of at least **** technology area appropriate to the STW environment e.g. Microsoft, Solaris, Oracle etc.  Graduate level qualification (desired)  ITIL Foundation certificate (desired) Additional Information: salary Circa **** Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us