Title: Senior Business Intelligence Specialist
Webindex: 66925977
Company: DCV Technologies
Description: Senior Business Intelligence Specialist Title: Senior Business Intelligence Specialist Location: North London/Hertfordshire Salary: Up to ****  bonus and benefits Skills: Business intelligence, Business Objects, dimensional modelling, Kimball and Inmon, DB**** SQL Server, Oracle, One of the UK s most recognisable and respected brands requires an experienced Senior Business Intelligence Specialist to join their technology rich and progressive team. You will be responsible for Design, deliver, maintain and develop effective, efficient Business Intelligence solutions for business community. Further responsibilities will include: Manage allocated projects and activities to develop BI capability Complete scheduled and ad hoc tasks to support business requirements and demand Manage allocated projects and activities to develop BI capability Develop Business Intelligence meta data, universes, data models and reports using our clients suite of BI tools. Administer, support and manage releases to production BI environments. Provide BI expertise to support projects and initiatives. Provide support, technical advice, training and product information for the BI s user community. Develop and support specialist BI tools. Take ownership of delivering BI applications within assigned projects. To succeed in this position, you will possess the following skills: Proven experience of the development lifecycle for BI projects and best practices for deploying BI enterprise applications Demonstrable experience of dimensional modelling and an understanding of Kimball and Inmon methodologies Knowledge of the impact of enhancements to business applications on source systems Demonstrable ability to understand functional requirements and create appropriate and effective technical solutions. Demonstrate excellence within a specific BI tool Knowledge of how to administer and maintain a Business Intelligence tool This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced and Senior Business Intelligence Specialist to work in a technologically advanced and progressive organisation. Investment in personal and professional growth within this organisation is second to none and the opportunities available for the successful candidate are endless. For further details or to apply, please contact Glen Murphy on (Apply online only) Title: Senior Business Intelligence Specialist  Location: North London/Hertfordshire  Salary: Up to ****  bonus and benefits  Skills: Business intelligence, Business Objects, dimensional modelling, Kimball and Inmon, DB**** SQL Server, Oracle