Title: Customer Care Training CoOrdinator
Webindex: 68263506
Description: Our client develop office automation solutions globally, enabling individuals and organisations to improve the quality and productivity of office communications. In the UK, we are particularly proud of our reputation for being ambassadors for excellence throughout all facets of our business. They know require an efficient, selfmotivated Customer Care Training Coordinator to provide full and comprehensive training and coaching to the Credit Control and Customer Care teams to ensure that all staff have a clear understanding of their job role, associated processes and the business expectations of them in fulfilling those roles. Successful candidate must be highly numerate and literate with good PC skills, you will be responsible for identifying training requirements of individuals through discussions with all levels of staff and management and be invaluable in providing the support to the Management Team in developing and maintaining a departmental training plan. It will be your responsibility to deliver systems and back office training in order to meet the requirements of the teams and individuals and to develop and maintain training materials to support standardisation and improvement of services to Ricoh Customer and Internal Customers. You will deliver all on job, stand up training/coaching in a professional and approachable manner, ensuring that all levels of ability and experience are catered for. You must have proven experience in the delivery of training programmes in an administration role and have great customer service skills. Good IT systems knowledge, including advanced Siebel, Oracle, Dashboard, Giftware, Docuware and Microsoft Office is essential and Interpersonal skills, in the areas of communication, coaching and counseling are a must. Excellent planning and organisational skills are key to the success of this role. If you are keen to work within a team environment, have the ability to liaise with people at all levels, and you enjoy being involved in a range of projects, this could be the ideal role for you. If you are interested in this role or others please do get in touch.