Title: Tier **** **** IT Support Engineers
Webindex: 71745304
Company: i4 Recruitment Account
Description: Company Profile My client, an engineering focused company with a core team of experienced signaling engineers developing leading edge Telecom products. This is coupled with teams of highly trained integration specialists who not only deliver the products into the network but are committed to providing ongoing support and enhancements services. This mix of product specialism and experienced integration services has enabled the ability to deliver complete endtoend Next Generation Solutions working closely with clients at every stage. My client continues to grow and deliver to carriers in the fixed and mobile space, ISP's , system integrators and complimentary telecom equipment suppliers. Job Description A Tier **** Support Engineer is required to provide technical support for a global Customer base. This role is shift pattern of 2pm to ****0pm MonFri. Key Skills/Experience Required: Basic communication skills Previous experience in the Telecoms sector Problem information gathering Complete product knowledge at a user level. Escalation process Customer Feedback. Following Procedure. Understanding and Addressing Key Performance Indicators. Protocol knowledge. Building a Model from Scratch. (A successful build of the following models Minimum requirement: Media Gateways, Media Gateway Controllers, Signalling Transfer Points, Class 4 and Class 5 Softswitches, Short Message Service Centres and Short Message Service Gateways. Duties Include: Will be responsible for providing in depth technical support for global customers and be able to work well in the face of tight deadlines and tough technical challenges. Plan and prioritise tasks for self and others and to act as a focal point for technical escalation within the Tier **** Support team. Installation duties, remote and onsite; the candidate should be willing to travel to worldwide installation sites. Will be responsible for assisting Tier 1 and 2 personnel in solving technical problems and investigating escalated issues by confirming the validity of the problem and seeking solutions for more complex issues. Provide high quality regular customer feedback regarding resolutions and updates and be able to build an advanced customer relationship. Work alongside Engineering team to provide solutions. Conduct product demo's and deliver training as required by customers and/or the support organisation. Ideal Candidate The candidate will be an experienced, proactive Support Engineer with excellent fault diagnostic ability, operating at a senior level in a customer facing environment. Ability to ascertain appropriate information during case investigations, maintain an ongoing record of problem analysis and resolution activity in the online CRM system and identify technical solutions suitable for reuse in the online solutions database. C++ and Linux essential Previous telecoms experience preferable. Previous installation experience and/or technical qualifications would be most desirable but not compulsory for the right candidate, as full training will be provided.