Title: Project CoOrdinator  Prince/MSProject  Bristol  ****k
Webindex: 66925568
Company: Greywood Associates Ltd
Description: Multinational company requires a HomeBased Project Coordinator with at least **** years experience coordinating software projects. Your main role will be to deliver and manage projects through effective requirements and planning. In this role you will be reporting to and helping support the Senior Project Manager in the successful delivery of a workflow solution for a number of customers. As well as providing presales support, such as input to tenders and programme plans. You will be responsible for all aspects of project delivery to ensure projects are delivered on time. You will be required to be responsible for the production of project plans, reports, documentation and the maintenance of all issue logs to ensure that information is complete, accurate and up to date. This is a clientfacing role with travel throughout the South West region as part of the role. You will need excellent written and verbal communication skills to carry out this role to the level required. To be right for the role you will come from a software or medical background and have worked for an IT solution provider delivering bespoke software projects. The Prince **** qualification is not essential but evidence of working in a structured environment will be required. Essential skills: Experience of project management of software projects Using formal structured management techniques Experience of producing project documentation (not limited to Prince 2 methodologies) Risk management techniques Experienced in project planning (with MS project) Customer facing with excellent communication skills Must be highly flexible  as customers are based around the UK and Ireland Full driving licence Experience of working in a multistakeholder environmentCVs are being considered ASAP so if you feel you fit the criteria, you are happy working on your own or as part of a small team in a post which requires travel and occasionally longer hours then please feel free to send your CV across for our attention