Title: Android Developer  Media  London
Webindex: 69164129
Description: Android Developer  Media  London  ****k Purpose of Job  Developing Android components and libraries as part of delivery of full Android APK to customer. Produce quality code with high test coverage Completing necessary documentation for delivered components. Strong involvement in determining Android and Application development standards. Be part of an agile team, participating in the planning, estimation and development of user stories. Demonstrating code and application to scrum peers as required. Mentoring Coaching other Android Developers Produce technical documentation to a high standard. Knowledge/Skills/Experience Required:Essential to the job: Degree in Computer Science or equivalent. High competence in Java and building native apps on the Android platform.  An Android champion  understands features of latest versions of Android and how to employ them in code.  Commercial experience in delivering a rich media, or communications application developed for Android. Demonstrable experience of delivering Android across multidevices. Demonstrable experience in modern development practices, including Continuous Integration and Release.  Strong problem solving skills A background in mobile application development on another platform, iPhone, Symbian or Blackberry Experience calling web services and external APIs  UI implementations working in conjunction with designers  Demonstrable interest in emerging mobile technologies and protocols  Strong communication skills Desirable: Significant exposure to at least one additional language (Objectivec, , C, C++ highly valued)  Has worked with native libraries and incorporated them in Android. Familiar with JNI. Knowledge of security concepts (cryptography, digital rights management (DRM), webbased attack vectors such as XSS, SQL injection, etc.)  Professional and commercial experience in the area  SQL skills and an understanding of alternative storage mechanisms  A broad understanding of digital audio, video and still image compression techniques, including knowledge of related commercial and open source software  experience working with revision control systems (git preferred)  Understanding of the TCP/IP protocol suite, in particular HTTP  Familiar with GIT