Title: Programming Software Development and Support Officers  VB/SQL, Ingres/Open Road, Java/PLSQL or Java and LifeRay
Webindex: 67803207
Description: Programming Software Development and Support Officers  VB/SQL, Ingres/Open Road, Java/PLSQL or Java and LifeRay Location: Newport Titchfield Salary: **** to **** (plus benefits and pension) Key Skills: VB, SQL, Ingres, Open Road, Java, PLSQL, Java, LifeRay About Us Our Information Management team, 230strong over two sites, has a hugely important part to play in modernising and streamlining the Office for National Statistics. And as we develop as a team, so will your career. We'll invest in your personal and professional development, and we'll support and finance accredited qualifications and chartered status. For the Office for National Statistics, people count. Whether that's the people across the country whose lives our work helps to shape, or the people who work here, producing vital statistics that informs decision making in our society and economy. We achieve results by investing in the people who work with us, rewarding their contribution and enabling a better work/life balance. We're a welcoming and friendly community of professionals, we respect each other and we're very social. We've some impressive onsite facilities too, including a gym, coffee shop, even a hairdresser. About the roles Available at different levels of seniority, the Programming Software Development and Support Officers will work with or manage a small team to provide applications systems maintenance and support services across either: 149; Visual Basic and SQL Server 149; Ingres and /or Open Road 149; Java or PLSQL 149; Java and LifeRay The Programming Software Development and Support Officers will investigate and resolve incidents, determining the appropriate actions to take. You'll manage and run processes according to schedules agreed with business customers. You'll also assist Project Managers with estimates and liaise with customers/software suppliers to identify and agree the development of system changes and enhancements in order to overcome known problems and fulfil user requests. You will be responsible for developing new solutions and amendments to existing production systems. You'll ensure all work is carried out and documented in accordance with required standards, methods and procedures. About You Ideally, the Programming Software Development and Support Officers will hold a relevant technical qualification, however more important is fluency in one or more of the programming languages this role supports. For junior/EO roles, experience of related technologies (e.g. relational database languages, SQL and/or object oriented languages) may be acceptable, as training can be provided. Experience of the complete applications system lifecycle and good writing skills are essential, as is strong problemsolving and confident, all round communication skills. For the senior level roles you'll also be able to demonstrate the potential to manage and develop others in a line management capacity. For senior/HEO roles you'll also ideally hold a relevant technical qualification, however more important is fluency in the one or more of the programming languages and data management this role supports. Hands on experience of the complete applications system lifecycle and exceptional writing skills is essential, as is strong problemsolving and confident, all round communication skills. You'll also be able to demonstrate the potential to manage and develop others in a line management capacity. Apply For more information about us and our jobs and in order to apply for the role as the Programming Software Development and Support Officer please click the apply button. Closing Date: 10th of February