Title: Lead Designer UI / UX mobile user with portfolio to ****k
Webindex: 68805737
Company: Emponics Limited
Description: Lead Designers  UI/UX Design with portfolio mobile user interface Digital Web Photoshop Illustrator. up to ****K  will consider contract to perm but ideally perm people  looking for **** Designers (Very strong interaction and visual design ) About Client Client is one of the largest worldwide social networks with offices in London , Soho Summary: Redefine the product and design experience for 165 million users, and help take client to the next level. Your role will be to delight our users through engaging and seamless visual design, UI and UX across our portfolio of mobile and web products. You will be able to show us some stunning examples of your own digital designs, focusing on highcomplexity product features. Specifically, wed like you to give us examples where you led the design of a feature that has had significant impact on usability and conversion. Our design philosophy at the client involves product ideation and thinking through user interaction and experience (via prototyping, logic, etc) in addition to pure visual design. Despite their size and success, they think and move like a startup fast and agile. Youll need experience working for a startup, or proven ability to thrive in a chaotic, fastpaced environment. Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities:  Work across mobile interfaces, web interfaces and future brand development  Maintain and design new features and functionality, small site improvements, features, back end tools, emails and more  Provide both inspired rough concepts and high quality final designs  Ensure designs are produced on time and to very high quality  An interest in user experience is a definite plus  this role is for a thinker/doer, someone confident enough to present ideas and see them through to a pixel perfect design Essential Experience:  Solid experience of UI/UX design, with a strong portfolio containing your best examples of digital user interfaces, including sites that provide a high level of functionality/interactivity  Experience in mobile user interface is essential  Significant experience of creating engaging designs from concept to final realisation  Expert level in Photoshop and Illustrator  Creating navigation, page layout/templates, functional design, iconography, look and feel and style guide  Really getting under the skin of a companys challenges and delivering designs that made a huge impact  Strong typographic layout skills  Ability to work closely with engineering  frontend technology experience a plus (PHP, HTML, CSS, etc) Personality:  Selfmotivated with the ability to hit deadlines and work independently  Solid communication skills and teamworking capability  An eye for detail  The ability to work across all company departments to achieve common goals  A positive and logical approach, together with willingness to learn  Enthusiastic and fun to work with  A passion for social media  Interested in user experience  The desire to establish a young, fresh, social digital brand Education: A degree in Design, or a Computer Science/MSc or PHD As well as enjoying competitive salaries, workers have the added benefit of private healthcare, generous holidays, company pension, gym subsidy etc in a fantastic working environment . You are also safe in the knowledge that you are working at one of the worlds most exciting tech startups. Life there is both fast paced and chilled out. They dress casually and have employees in London, Moscow and the US . HQ is in the heart of trendy Soho, London and the office is light filled and spacious with a wellstocked kitchen. Tip  Interview will involve a design brief where they will want to see your thought processes from both the client AND User perspective ( most important thing to stress)