Title: Data Analyst SQL / ETL Castleford  ****K
Webindex: 68181661
Company: IS RECRUITMENT
Description: I am shortlisting for a specialist Data Analyst (Access, VBA, SQL) working on a multimillion Oracle GIS / Asset Management project. You will be responsible for the data extraction, cleansing and synchronising tasks associated with asset and geographic data of 1 million items. Information will be gathered from a variety of sources in disparate corporate systems (SQL, MS Access, MS Excel, etc ) it will then be cleaned and consolidated, ready for migration to a new Oracle based system. Duties: Defining and documentation of data quality standards and carrying out data profiling exercises. Implementing mechanisms for integrating data from multiple sources, along with the appropriate metadata to ensure meaningful integration of data. Providing assurance that the Company data will be stored in data structures that are secure, recoverable, sharable and reusable and that the data is as correct, timely, relevant and usable as required by all user groups. Data mining, manipulating and cleansing high volume / complex data to predefined quality standards. Extracting and analysing data contained within Northern Powergrid s existing corporate systems (asset registers and geographic information systems). Extracting and analysing data contained within other disparate systems, including paper records, spreadsheets and databases. Identifying and generating unique asset keys / identifiers across data sources. Synchronising and merging data sources to identify conflicts and determine single sources of data for mapping to the new asset information system data model. Harmonising and rationalising data sources. Preparing data into a flat file format in preparation for data conversion. Reviewing exception reports during data conversions. Liaising with the Data Quality Lead, Data Conversion Lead, wider data modelling team and System Integrators responsible for the new system implementation. Collaboration with Database Administrators and suppliers in the definition and documentation of the sourcetotarget mappings and data transformation designs or ongoing data movement, cleansing, and integration. Developing data quality and cleansing metrics and providing progress updates to the wider project team on a routine basis. Support database implementation and change management in the development and test environments. Create and maintain test data sets. Supporting data owners and other Subject Matter Experts (SME s) in the validation of the correct implementation of data requirements through User Acceptance Testing (UAT). Essential: Advanced skills in the following areas: Microsoft Office Applications (including Access, Excel, PowerPoint), VBA, SQL and PL/SQL An analytical mind and keen attention to detail. Ability to interpret and manipulate large volumes of complex data. Ability to articulate complex or technical problems to nontechnical managers. Strong communication and interpersonal skills. Good time management skills. Knowledge of Data Management best practices, Extract Transform and Load (ETL) tools and methods. Possess own transport and be prepared to use for travel within the Yorkshire/Northeast region. Desirable: Knowledge of Oracle enterprise Asset Management and/or Oracle Spatial technologies would be an advantage. Knowledge of the electricity industry would be an advantage. To hear more about this newly created opportunity to join a unique Oracle implementation project in the UK please send your latest CV to Simon Mattock or call me on (Apply online only) to discuss the opportunity in more detail. Key Word Search: Data Quality, SQL, PL/SQL, Excel, Access, Manager, VBA