Title: Network Presales Consultant
Webindex: 68181636
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: Position  Network Presales Consultant Salary  ****k  Car allowance Location  Midlands Area Apply to  Ref no  MS**** Network Presales Consultant My client, a leading Cisco silver partner in a rapidly expanding specialist Network consultancy offering a wide variety of opportunities to work within challenging and exciting environments in up and down the country. These range from private to public sector clients. We currently seek a Network Presales consultant to work within design and pre sales phases of a number of leading projects. You will have prior experience of taking ownership of solutions and deliver on large corporate networks. Our client rotation policy will mean you will gain excellent exposure to pre sales, design, implementation and support of highend enterprise networks. You must have previous experience of working under pressure in front of the customer. Skills and Experience Required:  Indepth knowledge of routing and switching technologies is highly desirable.  Baseline SE skills and in at least one of the following areas of specialisation: Security, LAN Switching and Routing including knowledge of Data Centre  Competitive knowledge (in their area of specialisation) including solution, technology and product offerings.  Proven track record of consultative networking experience, Cisco certification of CCNP and CCDP is highly desirable, along with proven experience will be considered.  Alternative vendor experience will be considered for candidates with Strong Routing and switching experience  Strong relationship management skills  Strong communications & presentation skills  Strong negotiation skills  Comfortable applying business acumen and financial expertise to assist identify & qualify selling opportunities as part of an account team.  Uses ROI concepts to justify Cisco solutions  Demonstrable ability to drive adoption of Cisco technology solutions through channel partners, and into customers.  Knowledge of relevant solutions sets, product line specifications, performance criteria and applications In return you will be awarded with a competitive salary and excellent benefits including car allowance, bonuses and the opportunity to develop your career. View our latest jobs today at (url removed) and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position