Title: Sales and Marketing Director
Webindex: 71097894
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Sales and Marketing Director Midlands **** **** to **** plus car, 50% bonus other benefits This company is an award winning mid market distributor of B2B mass market technological products and services. Well established and profitable, the firm operates in a competitive, complex and evolving marketplace and sells some of the leading brands and products in its sector. In response to new challenges and opportunities, the company now seeks to appoint a first class Sales and Marketing Director, who will be instrumental in delivering growth. The Role: Report to the Managing Director and gain full responsibility for all sales and marketing including the direct, internal and reseller sales teams. Develop and implement a strategy to increase revenue from both new and existing customers. Evaluate the existing personnel, structures and procedures. Implement best practice methods of working in order to maximise departmental performance. Engender a culture of discipline and excellence across sales and marketing. As a key Executive team member, contribute to strategic debate around plans for growth and market positioning. The Candidate: Graduate calibre with a track record of sales management success gained within a B2B context, where a mass market consumer product is being sold/distributed through multiple sales channels. It is particularly important that the person has demonstrable success within a mid tier distributor where the main route to market is indirect channels encompassing smaller dealers and resellers. Experience of selling into the small business marketplace would be advantageous. Candidates will demonstrate the hallmarks associated with bluechip sales and management training combined with handson leadership experience within a small to medium sized organisation. A person with the potential or actual experience of constructing and implementing strategies for growth. A proven leader, manager and mentor. Strong communications skills and an ability to influence at all levels. High degree of energy and motivation. Financially and commercially astute.