Title: Security Engineer  PCI DSS
Webindex: 70781877
Company: Auburn Rose
Description: Security Engineer – PCI DSS Key Skills: PCI DSS Security compliance IDS/ IPS implementation Penetration testing Firewalls, VPNs, Juniper Linux, windows Innovative financial services company are seeking a driven Security Engineer to maintain and take ownership of the security for their entire IT infrastructure. You will be responsible for maintaining PCI DSS standards across all their divisions including mobile, online, and telecommunications, working in one of the most cutting edge areas of finance. As a Security Engineer, your role will be heavily focussed around PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards), with responsibilities for the following:  Ensuring all divisions of the organisation remain PCI DSS compliant, using industry tools and technologies to ensure protection of the company’s IT infrastructure  Conducting log reviews, continued monitoring of network security to ensure firewalls/switches/routers are all at optimum security level, ensuring that patching is continually uptodate.  Continually analysing and monitoring security threats/challenges/risks to the network infrastructure.  Conducting penetration testing.  Being proactive in providing and applying security expertise, to ensure all divisions maintain PCI DSS Level 1, implementing new technologies or solutions where appropriate.  Ensuring continued implementation of good security practices throughout all divisions of the organisation. To apply, you must have a strong background in network security, with hands on experience of obtaining PCI DSS or maintaining PCI compliance within an organisation. This is a crucial role within the infrastructure team and you will be taking ownership of all network security aspects for the company. You will trusted to take the lead, setting security polices, practices and standards, ensuring that the company remains PCI compliant. Please apply with an updated CV, detailing your experience in PCI DSS. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SecurityEngineerPCIDSS_job****