Title: Oracle Infrastructure Engineer, UNIX, PL/SQL
Webindex: 69545957
Company: JM
Description: Oracle Infrastructure Engineer, UNIX Scripting, PL/SQL, Java Leading Financial Services Client now requires an experienced Oracle infrastructure Engineer to be responsible for delivering engineering services against a technology road map across the business. The Oracle Infrastructure Engineer will be responsible for developing platform standard build including enhancement, maintenance and management and be responsible for maintaining security and Audit best practice. The ideal Oracle Infrastructure Engineer will have the following Skills:  Strong general and current Technology knowledge in particular with respect to technology deployment in Financial Services or other innovative technology users, (5 years).  Must have a clear understanding of the Infrastructure Engineering operating model.  Broad concepts of RDBMS platform fundamentals.  High level views on industry development and direction including new data management products and innovation.  Configuration, management, debugging and deployment of Oracle (including ****G and ****G, RAC, Dataguard, RMAN on Solaris and RHEL)  Strong Unix scripting (Korn shell, Perl).  PL/SQL and Java  Veritas Clustering and Foundation products  Backup and Recovery practices.  Security best practice  Monitoring and management products for specific databases Desirable:  Exadata Database Machine experience at all levels of the stack.  Automated deployment methods and products  Database Consolidation and Virtualisation Practices  Data distribution methods (Oracle Goldengate, ODI, etc)  Redhat Enterprise Linux, support infrastructure, e.g. NIS, NIS, LDAP, NFS and Samba etc.  SAN Storage concepts  Knowledge of best practice methodologies  A background in / understanding of Financial markets If you are an experienced Oracle Infrastructure Engineer with the relevant experience, please respond in the first instance with a copy of your most recent CV.The JM Group and JM Digital are acting as an Employment Agency with relation to this vacancy. The JM Group and JM Digital are an Equal Opportunities employer and we encourage applicants from all backgrounds. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/OracleInfrastructureEngineerUNIXPLSQL_job****