Title: NonFunctional QA Consultant Permanent Docklands
Webindex: 66913278
Company: Blue Personnel
Description: NonFunctional QA Consultant LoadRunner, Visual Studio, NonFunctional, QA, Quality Assurance, Software Development Lifecycle, SDLC, Agile Responsible for providing a proactive global desktop and web performance service aligned to the IT strategy. Will be working closely with the Desktop Architect and SharePoint Operations (SP Ops) teams to ensure a continuous feedback loop is in place to find and fix performance problems and deliver solutions. The Quality Assurance Team sits within the Enterprise Application Group with a role of assessing risks for project and BAU work, working out how these risks can be mitigated and taking responsibility for ensuring all high and medium risks have an owner and are delivered before the changes / project goes into production. Ultimately, the QA team are responsible for supporting the Software Development Lifecycle through testing and root cause analysis to continually improve software and process quality. Key Responsibilities Definition and implementation of nonfunctional test procedures from receipt of requirements to testing sign off that can be consistently used for all nonfunctional testing scenarios. Provide quantified performance statistics of application changes against benchmarked performance metrics. Adhere and contribute to the QA standards for using feedback / experience to continually improve our processes and documentation. Assist in the administration and management of the Mercury LoadRunner/Microsoft Visual Studio Performance Tools. Work with operations to define nonfunctional testing operational acceptance criteria that will provide assurance that software being requested for live release has gone through the appropriate testing to ensure minimal risk and impact to production environments. Analysing requirements and translating them into quantifiable best practice standard nonfunctional test plans. Coordinating the testing required to deliver the nonfunctional test plan and mitigate the required risks. Working closely with the QA Consultants to streamline and audit the software testing processes. Acting as a mentor to offshore and outsourced testing resources when engaged to work on project and BAU activities. Conduct Quality Assurance reviews to external and internal technical documents relating to products or applications to ensure they are traceable and consistent with requirement specifications. Ensuring that the outcome of performance tests are communicated back to key stakeholders in such a way that helps them understand risks and impact to users and how to mitigate these. Investigate, monitor and report on areas of potential or existing performance issues to help IT teams move faster to prevent/resolve them. Ensuring testing results and analysis are written in such a way that they can inform decisions being made that could impact a user's experience with performance. Skills and Qualifications Knowledge of full SDLC and how this works in an Agile environment  Experienced in providing a performance testing service for larger scale projects from inception to sign off  Experienced in running / maintaining HP's Loadrunner and Microsoft's Visual Studio Performance tools and the supporting infrastructure  Experience working with offshore teams would be advantageous  Knowledge of underlying programming languages, system architectures, operating system features, networking, presentation layers, database functionality, and implementation  Knowledge of Active Directory and SharePoint beneficial  Familiar with Windows 7, XP and Citrix environments and their performance benefits/constraints  Knowledge of and experience with performance tools that can be used for desktop application testing  The ability to understand possibly ambiguous instructions, grasp the goals and take the right actions  Make golive decisions with confidence  Reduce application deployment risk  Improve application quality and reliability  Manage application change impact through performance automated nonfunctional testing  Ensure support for all environments including Java, .NET, Http, Oracle, SQL and desktop This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/NonFunctionalQAConsultantPermanentDocklands_job****