Title: Performance Test Manager  URGENT  Banking
Webindex: 70770158
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Performance Test Manager  URGENT  Banking The Performance Test Manager role is to lead the online banking performance testing for project and infrastructure testing. The Test Manager s responsibilities within the team will include: Manage performance test projects including its risks and dependencies. Establish objectives and approach of performance test phase. Identify scope and activities for performance test phase. Work with teams across technology to ensure alignment across the project. Drive the test schedule in conjunction with project schedule. Manage estimates for project. Interpret the project objectives and details and its dependencies and impacts across the project. Prepare test schedule in conjunction with project schedule and optimise by understanding other streams Report progress. Prepare and execute Performance scripts/scenarios. Produce and interpret test results. Defect reporting and tracking till closure. Explain the defect to project and business teams. Test Management Establishes test phases and types. Improves the approach with the team. Establishes and optimises the end to end project details, its dependencies and its impact across the project. Establishes impact of the strategy across technology. Establishes objectives and approach of test phases across the project. Establishes the non functional scope and activities for the project. Works with teams across technology to ensure alignment across the project. Establishes the Test phase entry and exit criteria based on project goals and integrates with other project controls. Optimises organisation model to meet objectives which can establish interfaces with stakeholders. Establishes the process across configurable items and key participants Tracks quality controls for testing. Completes estimation for projects independently Drives test schedule in conjunction with project schedule. Collaborates with other streams to recover slippages. Aligns dependencies within test and other area of technology. Mitigates schedule risks proactively. Formulates reports based on various data sources. Recommends actions at Project or Program level. Manages data accuracy and/or coordinates with relevant stakeholder for corrective actions. Generates reports independentlyTesting Requirement and Design Analysis Demonstrates knowledge of the Performance Centre and Load Runner software and its applicability for testing. Acts as subject matter expert on specified tool. Contributes to best practices Designs, reviews and documents Load Models. Derives testable NFR s through discussion with nonTechnical users.Test Execution Builds test ware that proves adequate coverage for the module / project. Uses and generate reusable test ware components. Executes manual and automated test along with test management tool to manage execution tool. Provides execution progress and metrics. Performs troubleshooting on the problems and configurations with help and inputs from concerned parties. Executes end to end test across applications in the project.Good understanding and extensive use of: HP Performance Centre & Load Runner Unix Mainframe WAS J****E Please send across an up to date CV highlighting your relevant experience within banking to be considered for the role. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us