Title: Database Engineer / DBA / SQL / London
Webindex: 72126861
Company: RDF Resources
Description: Database Engineer / DBA / SQL / London This is a fantastic opportunity to work with a unique and forward thinking organisation which understand how technology drives its business forward. Our technical strategy is to gain competitive advantage through the development of bespoke software solutions and the judicial use of world leading software tools and packages. Qualifications Experience: You will most likely possess a maths, science or information systems related degree. You will hold an MCITP in SQL Server 2005/**** Development or at least have a level of experience to that standard. You will have a passion for SQL server, using it to its full potential, and wringing every drop of performance from it. You will have delivered projects for high transaction twentyfour/seven OLTP SQL Server environments. You may have experience of delivering projects against the SQL Server BI platforms (AS, SSIS, SSRS) and Data Warehouses, or are at least very keen to learn more about them. Essential Skills You will possess excellent multitasking and communication skills. You will have an excellent analytical and problem solving ability. You will have a broad base of knowledge in most of the following areas: OLTP Database Design, when to use constraints, and selecting the right datatype.s TSQL (DML DDL): How to use set based logic and writing queries beyond just CRUD. How the all database engine components work together to explain the life of a query. How to interpret query plans, their operators, and how to retrieve information from the plan cache Data movement via Transactional Replication and SQL Service Broker and message based solutions Visual Studio / TFS and working with Database Projects. Unit Testing of Stored Procedures. Please send your CV now for the great opportunity immediate consideration This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/DatabaseEngineerDBASQLLondon_job****