Title: Research Director  Commodities  Precious Metals
Webindex: 69546382
Company: Harvey Nash plc
Description: Research Director / Senior Commodities Analyst / Precious Metals Analyst The core of the role is managing and reviewing the output of a small team of analysts in their provision of demand estimates, written analysis and presentation work relating to precious metals. This also entails the management and scheduling of both regular work and oneoff consultancy projects. However, there are also specific areas of research, relating to data capture and analysis, and the associated written analysis of these findings, as outlined below. The candidate will also conduct a fair number of presentations, such as survey launches, in part in acting as backup to the head of precious metals analytics. It should be stressed that, a great deal of flexibility is expected from the candidate as regards their contribution and any job description should be taken only as a guide. Individual research responsibilities at a sectoral level will be the demand side of the PGMs and involvement at a country level in aspects of the market in the United States and selected European countries. In addition to any presentations conducted, it is this that generates the role's travel programme as much of the research takes the form of facetoface meetings with key industry participants, such as the key industrial endusers in the United States. The data thus captured will form the basis of the candidate's written work, which will feature primarily in the three annual surveys and their updates, and the ****yr and ****yr forecast reports. The reviewing of others' work will centre on these reports, plus our two monthly reports and various white label reports. Another key area is the monitoring of the analysts' data capture in related areas, such as price history, investment records and so forth. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ResearchDirectorCommoditiesPreciousMetals_job****