Title: Permanent SAS Programmer
Webindex: 68823862
Company: SEC Recruitment
Description: For further details or a confidential conversation please email doug.robertssecpharma.com or call Doug on Tel: [blocked] Are you looking for a Statistical Programming position within a global Pharmaceutical company? A wellknown Pharmaceutical company recognised for its great working environment is looking for a senior programmer to work in their office in West London. This is a permanent position offering upwards of **** per annum. Senior Statistical Programmer | Reporting Role | West London, UK Job Summary: Provide experienced technical expertise as part of the Statistical Programming team to develop process methodology for department to meet internal and external client’s needs. Plan and coordinate the development of integrated programming solutions serving the full spectrum of statistical analysis needs. Provide technical expertise and leadership to the Statistical Programming department. Provide internal consulting services, including specifications and user needs analysis for complex project or client requirements. Roles and Responsibilities: ? Program, plan and coordinate the following for complex studies: The programming, testing, and documentation of statistical programs for use in creating statistical tables and listing summaries The programming of analysis databases (derived datasets) and transfers of data for internal and external clients and (iii) the programming of database quality control checks. Program and plan the integration of databases from multiple studies or sources. Develop, plan, and coordinate programming documentation including plans and specifications, as appropriate, for complex studies. Provide advanced technical expertise in conjunction with internal and external clients, and independently bring project solutions to SP teams and the Statistical Programming department, for complex studies. Perform, plan and coordinate the development, implementation and validation of new process technologies, macros and applications. Fulfil project responsibilities at the level of lead for single complex studies or group of studies. Manage project budget and resource requirements: understand the Scope of Work, budget and quote assumptions, estimate the work completed, manage Out of Scope and provide revenue and resource forecasts for single studies. Provide training and guidance to lower level staff. Essential Skills experience in creating relevant hyperlinks, etc.) Advanced knowledge of statistical computing applications such as Base SAS, SAS/STAT and SAS Macro Language. For further details or a confidential conversation please contact me directly: Doug Roberts Pharmaceutical, Healthcare & CRO Division Statistics, Biostatistics & Programming Tel: [blocked] doug.robertssecpharma.com Pharmaceutical, clinical trials, senior programmer, statistical SAS programmer, SAS, programmer, programming, CDISC, ADaM, SDTM, biostatistics, biostatistician.