Title: SharePoint Administrator / Consultant
Webindex: 68181635
Company: Nigel Frank International
Description: Do you want to work on a large SharePoint implementation? Do you want to work with the latest cutting edge technologies? Do you want to work for a multinational leader? This is one of the most exciting projects in 2013? This is the delivery of a intranet project and you will be making sure it performs through to the go live. You will also be providing consulting services and implementation services for an ongoing document management project involving 3rd party SharePoint solution. If you are not only technical but also but have excellent written and verbal communications and have worked with business stakeholders then this is for you Skills  3 or more years SharePoint Administration experience  Installation and configuration experience  Strong SharePoint 2010 experience  Implementing SharePoint based intranet solutions  Visual Studio performance test tools is a bonus If you want to work on one of the best SharePoint contracts in 2013 then please Apply Now. To apply: This project will undoubtedly attract high volumes of interest so to discuss this and other exciting Microsoft Dynamics and SharePoint opportunities in more detail please send your CV or call Daniel Hackney on (Apply online only) in complete confidence ASAP. Nigel Frank International is the Global Leader in Dynamics Recruitment, advertising more Dynamics jobs than any other agency. We deal with both Microsoft Partners & End Users globally and we have never had more live requirements & jobs for Microsoft Dynamics professionals. By specialising solely in placing candidates in the Microsoft Dynamics and SharePoint market I have built relationships with most of the key employers in the UK & Ireland and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best opportunities and jobs are. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Microsoft Dynamics candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. For information on the Microsoft Dynamics market and some of the opportunities & Dynamics jobs that are available I can be contacted on (Apply online only) or by email