Title: WebSphere Application Server Analyst  Music, Film & TV  London
Webindex: 55408800
Company: JOBG8
Description: WebSphere Application Server Analyst  Music, Film outstanding literacy in English to the standard required for producing professional documentation Please note the above experience is essential. You require all of the above experience in order for to be eligible for this role. The following experience is desirable, though not essential:  Experience in IBM System i/AS****/iSeries  Apache Tomcat  Performance monitoring systems THE ROLE: Your main task here is supporting clients' infrastructure on which the product runs, however the role is threefold:  Supporting clients' infrastructure, including initial installations, upgrades and any critical problems  determine what the problem is and how to resolve it.  You would also work alongside the development team to ensure the applications being developed are efficient for the platform.  Maintain the internal infrastructure, all test and development Servers There is also the possibility of offering hosting services for this product, in which you would be involved in the establishment and running. THE OPPORTUNITY: Specifically in this role: This is a challenging environment with an increasing user base and you'll be straight in on their biggest clients. Please note it's NOT a case of steadily working up from internal desktop support, to one client to then bigger multinational clients: On the contrary, from the very start you'll be involved with their biggest clients, multinationals in the world of music and entertainment. One example is a ****user multiple replicated server environment. How does that sound? There is also the possibility of launching hosting services, which you would set up and run. Generally in this company: Overall, this is a lovely place to work  it's a privatelyowned company and feels more like a family company, not at all institutionalised  everyone has a stake, everyone has a say. Being music, entertainment and film it's an interesting industry to work in too, with a wide range of clients both local and foreign. Location: Near Euston and King's Cross, London Salary: ****  **** plus discretionary bonus and benefits package.