Title: Web Designer  HTML, CSS, JQuery, JavaScript  SW London
Webindex: 71953427
Company: Additional Resources
Description: Web Designer  HTML, CSS, JQuery, JavaScript  SW London  (Permanent Role) Salary: ****k neg  bonus Our client, an innovative London Tech company providing modern web solutions from desktop to mobile has a fantastic web design opportunity for a talented front end designer. The successful candidate will be a selfmotivated designer, producing website and app designs for medium to high volume products as part of a talented and busy team. We are looking for a candidate that can put design frontandcenter: with a keen understanding of UX and able to design and develop eyecatching and effective UIs. You should be able to see opportunities within the products and bring these to the fore  maximising their clarity and effectiveness. This is a great opportunity to gain strong commercial experience working in the emerging mobile arena. The successful candidate will be friendly, approachable and ability to think on their feet and work to tight deadlines. Core skills HTML and CSS (hand coded) JQuery/JavaScript UX and UI skills Photoshop Illustrator Dreamweaver (or other text editor) Flash (occasional need for Flash banners etc.) Adobe creative suite for web (Muse, Inspect etc.) Knowledge of design principles such as design patterns, coding standards and best practices. Communication: ability to work with both marketing and Front End/Back End development team and partners. Have excellent oral and written English. Advantageous Minimum 3 years’ experience Good eye for layout, composition and typography Fluid and responsive web layout (including mobile platforms) Understanding of website/app performance Awareness/understanding of Sencha Touch/jQuery Mobile Awareness of ASP.NET Method of Application Send us your CV and covering note including links to portfolio site and sites you have created or worked on. Additional Resources are an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses Regulations ****