Title: IT Software and Systems Developer
Webindex: 69959166
Company: i4 Recruitment Ltd
Description: Duties: IT Software and Systems developer  Principle Role and Responsibilities:  Liaise with key end users to obtain and interpret business needs  Translate business requirements into appropriate formats to then build into project plans  Take projects and updates through from conception to development, testing, release, support and then post release  Create and maintain records and reports as required to support project work  Work within a team to develop further with respect to other identified business needs  Handle and prioritise day to day issues with terms of functionality and SQL errors  Working closely with IT Software and Systems Development CoOrdinator Exactly what job entails: IT Software and Systems developer Honingham, Norfolk ****k circa To keep our client at the forefront of systems development. You will be part of a team supporting and updating existing in house CRM systems to an agreed timetable to meet the requirements of the business and users. IT Software and Systems developer  Principle Role and Responsibilities:  Liaise with key end users to obtain and interpret business needs  Translate business requirements into appropriate formats to then build into project plans  Take projects and updates through from conception to development, testing, release, support and then post release  Create and maintain records and reports as required to support project work  Work within a team to develop further with respect to other identified business needs  Handle and prioritise day to day issues with terms of functionality and SQL errors  Working closely with IT Software and Systems Development CoOrdinator IT Software and Systems developer  General Responsibilities:  Contribute towards continuous improvement of service levels.  Where appropriate for the role, proactively identify new business opportunities, working towards increasing member commitment and volumes. Develop new and existing product areas.  Adhere to company policies and procedures.  Act in a professional and ethical way, maintaining a high degree of integrity, promoting activities at all times.  Maintain the highest levels of confidentiality pertaining to all business and be aware of inadvertently passing on information to members and suppliers. The passing on of information between parties and to exemployees is not acceptable. All employees are expected to act professionally in this regard and any breaches of confidentiality will be treated seriously.  To adhere to business charter  Health and Safety  maintaining a safe working environment. You will be required to follow all company procedures with regards to Health and Safety. Always report anything that is unsafe. Consider Health and Safety implications of yours and others actions at all times.  From time to time you may be requested to work outside of your normal working hours to help maintain effective cover. You may be required to perform other duties within the company that will be within your capability. You may also be asked to represent the company outside of the office at Shows/Events, in particular the Norfolk Show. IT Software and Systems developer  Person Specification:  Attention to detail  Have strong interpersonal and business communication skills  Ability to work to deadlines and manage own workload  Used to working to very tight deadlines in a fastpaced environment  Able to working in a highly demanding atmosphere  Able to come up with ideas for improvement and development of the business  Team player but also able to work alone and use own initiative Technologies Required: SQL, HTML, asp.net, vb.net, all Microsoft applications, SQL Server 2005. Essential skills, experiences, quals: IT, Software, and, Systems, Developer.