Title: Microsoft Developer
Webindex: 72160747
Company: TEKsystems
Description: Microsoft Developer  C, ASP.NET, C, ASP.NET, HTML, CSS, MVC, XML, WEB My client are a creative and dynamic company that offer consultancy and application delivery services based on Microsoft technologies. They work with numerous clients ranging from small to global and currently retain a number of these due the excellent service they provide. The client is currently looking for passionate developers with experience in ASP.NET, C and web technologies such as HTML, JavaScript and CSS. This is an exciting role that will not only allow you to progress your current skills but you will be given the opportunity to expand your skills to a whole new dimension. This role is for those who can demonstrate enthusiasm and Passion for technology and can show a real willingness to expand and push yourself to the next level. You should be capable to working on your own, but equally able to work within a vibrant team. As a result excellent communication skills should be displayed. With this role comes a competitive package and opportunity to develop your career. If you are looking to work in an exciting environment where you can develop new and existing skills then this is the role for you. The technologies of direct importance to this role are, C ASP.NET Microsoft SQL Server MVC HTML JavaScript CSS This role is urgent so please send your CV for immediate consideration Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities.