Title: Red Hat Business Development Manager, IT Reseller
Webindex: 71305722
Company: Lewis Paige
Description: Red Hat Business Development Manager, IT Reseller, York, **** base  **** OTC Skills Required: Familiarity with partner/ resellerbased sales organisations. Knowledge of sales process, forecasting and pipeline management. Proven track record of achieving and overachieving against specific set targets and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) Commercial experience (in other words, to have a solid understanding of how a business works, and how to influence decision makers and other relevant stakeholders internally and externally). Ability to prioritise effectively, amongst multiple priorities. Strong industry knowledge. Knowledge of Red Hat would be desireable Desirable skills will include: Prior experience of Open Source or Open Standards Software sales, specifically around the Red Hat stack of solutions. Experience within a reseller organisation. Responsibilities: The primary function of the Red Hat Business Development Manager role is to drive revenue and income from sales of Red Hat subscriptions and associated services. This is a hybrid officeand fieldbased role, requiring the Red Hat Business Development Manager to divide their time appropriately between internal sales and external customer engagement. As the Red Hat Business Development Manager role is directly aimed at selling Red Hat products, knowledge of Red Hat solutions would be a great advantage. This position will be based out of the company head office in York. The package on offer is made up of **** which can be split between basic and commissions. There is also a car allowance with this position to the value of **** per annum. The Client: Our client is is a marketleading Value Added Reseller who provides technology services and solutions to large scale UK private and public sector organisations. The company has been established for over 24 years and helps companies to make sense of their complex IT environments by unlocking the value of technology, improving efficiencies and reducing costs. Due to continued growth the company is now looking to recruit an individual who will be technically focussed and experienced within new business sales to take on the role of Redhat Business Development Manager. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/RedHatBusinessDevelopmentManagerITReseller_job****