Title: Applications Tester Leading Company
Webindex: 67652424
Company: Benchmark Recruit
Description: Applications Tester  Leading Company Leeds ****k Base  Great Benefits Our client is a leading organisation with expertise in Event Processing, Service Orientated Architecture and Systems Integration focused on many critical business sectors. Due to growth, they now have an immediate opening for an Applications Tester to join their expanding team. As an experienced ApplicationsTester you will lead the testing of a series of IT based products in the mobile and transportation markets, where you will take responsibility for the testing of discreet system components and in some cases complete projects. This involved role will require you to steer and develop our client s use of testing tools and techniques to create great software applications. Contact Benchmark for further information on this exciting application testing role. Applications are invited from experienced technical testers who have good communication skills and are confident in dealing with customers. You will be a highly motivated individual with a keen interest in the testing of applications based on the latest technologies. The successful candidate can expect a negotiable salary circa ****k dependent upon previous experience. Additionally, there is a full and generous benefits package on offer. Benchmark is a leading Sheffield based independent recruitment consultancy, specialising in Sales & Marketing, IT & Technical, Creative & Digital, Office, Legal & Financial Recruitment. With flexible solutions covering both the permanent and temporary recruitment sector, Benchmark actively recruits positions from Graduate trainee, entry level roles through to senior management positions. As a local company with a national reach, Benchmark delivers first class recruitment solutions for the regions leading employers. Successfully completed assignments include roles such as: Field Sales, Account Managers, Sales Executives, Telesales, Digital Account Managers, Marketing Managers, PHP Development, Software Engineering, Java Development, Web Design, IT Support, Office Managers, Secretaries, Accounts Assistants, Financial Controllers. Paralegals, Solicitors, Patent Attorneys to name a few. To find out more about us and to view all the latest vacancies, please visit Benchmark (url removed)