Title: Graduate Technical Support Analyst
Webindex: 72691356
Company: Candidate Source Ltd
Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a Graduate Technical Support Analyst to join a global leader based in Bracknell, Berkshire who delivers inspired business software solutions to the manufacturing, distribution, retail, and services industries. With annual turnover close to $****B and over **** staff we have 40 years of experience serving small, midmarket and large enterprises, the company have more than **** partners in over 150 countries. The company are recognized as ``visionary`` for completing the convergence of multiple products together to create a comprehensive, 100% SOAbased solution. This strategy has enabled them to continually adapt to the latest technologies available, while allowing customers to protect their investment. Utilizing Web services, the company helps businesses rapidly respond to change, adjust for growth, and maintain their competitive advantage on a local, regional, or global scale. With a history of innovation, industry expertise and passion for excellence, they provide the single point of accountability that local, regional, and global business demand. As a Graduate Technical Support Analyst your duties will include:  Providing first line technical support to internal and external customers on a ****x**** basis aiming to restore normal service as quickly as possible.  Handling incidents and service requests in accordance with corresponding procedures and guidelines.  Logging all incidents and requests, categorizing and prioritizing them.  First line triage and diagnosis, progressing calls to the highest standard and liaising with relevant second and third line teams to conclude a resolution.  Managing the lifecycle of incidents and requests through to closure, ensuring all support requests are progressed in a timely manner and escalating as appropriate.  Regularly updating users on Status of Services, incidents and requests.  Conducting satisfaction call backs/surveys to meet the high expectation of our customer base.  Performing system monitoring tasks for our Managed Service customers`.  Sharing of knowledge via the production of process documentation, training aids and internal workshops to colleagues, as required. An ideal Graduate Technical Support Analyst will hold the following skills and experiences:  Previous professional work experience, preferably within a technical environment.  The ability to liaise and communicate confidently and professionally with Customer representatives at all levels in their organisation.  Excellent communication skills (written and verbal).  Reliable, honest and willing to go the extramile.  Excellent customer service skills with a cando attitude.  Competent of working to a high standard under pressure.  Ability to use initiative and work with minimal supervision.  Awareness of the impact of issues with the supported Solutions on Customers` systems.  Experience in the use of Microsoft Office products, specifically Word and Excel. In return you will receive a salary of up to **** per annum plus Private Health, Pension and Life cover. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website.