Title: Systems Software Engineer
Webindex: 68675607
Company: FMA Process Engineering
Description: Systems Software Engineer (SCADA) FMA Process Engineering Ltd is a well established, highly respected progressive company providing expertise in project management, process design and automation systems integration to the brewing, dairy, food and associated hygienic processing industries both in the UK and internationally. As part of FMA's continuing growth strategy we are currently seeking highly motivated Systems Engineers to join our Team of PLC and SCADA engineers. Systems engineers (SCADA) will require a proven track record and will be interested in furthering a career in process control. You must be able to work within a team environment and to tight deadlines. This position requires predominantly experience in HMI and SCADA configuration with scripting skills (Visual Basic, C++) along with SQL or Relational Databases in general. Experience with PLCs, preferably Siemens or Rockwell, would be useful but not essential. A Degree or Microsoft qualification is preferred. The successful applicants will be able to demonstrate experience as a systems engineer for the process industry. Candidates will have strong experience in the brewing, dairy or food sectors and be prepared to travel abroad. This is an excellent opportunity for a high calibre, selfmotivated engineer seeking a long term career with a Company that has a sound track record and great potential for ongoing growth and development. Salary is in the range **** to **** dependent upon skills and experience. In addition to a good basic salary FMA Engineers can expect to augment their earnings with overtime payments, site allowances and overseas travel allowances. Furthermore, after 12 months of service, an attractive benefit package is offered to include a company bonus scheme, private healthcare and a 5% contribution into a pension scheme. We are an equal opportunities employer. We will not consider applications from those who are not currently eligible to legally work in the UK. Strictly no agencies. To apply for this Systems Software Engineer (SCADA), please email your full CV and answer the following questions by clicking the Apply button We will not consider applications from those who are not currently eligible to legally work in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SystemsSoftwareEngineer_job****