Title: SATCOM Service Delivery Analyst
Webindex: 66925602
Company: CBSbutler
Description: Job Title: SATCOM Service Delivery Analyst Salary: ****  **** Location: Crawley Key Skills:Experience of ITIL environments and processes (advantageous), Strong analytical and problemsolving skills are essential The Role: The SCSDA will assist in the end to end delivery of the company s satellite communication services for commercial airlines and business jets. The successful candidate will have experience of assisting with the delivery of end to end services across a multivendor IT environment. Some experience of incident management, change management, service level management and continual service improvement plans across a truly global organisation would be beneficial. The SCSDA will be responsible for:  Logging support tickets and progressing them to a successful resolution.  Cultivating good working relationships with the operational teams responsible for each component of the service  Liaising with multiple internal and external service providers.  Experience of supporting IT infrastructure within an enterprise environment  Owning incidents and BAU requests  Responding to oncall issues and escalations out of hours  Updating and creating process documentation and knowledgebase articles to improve support processes.  Reporting on SLA s for each service component, both internal and external  Capacity Management reporting for each service component  Escalation and notification of maintenance and service impacting incidents  Providing support to sales team by provisioning services and resolving customer issues  Identifying potential areas for service improvement, then suggesting and planning activities to improve the customer experience. The Candidate: The role will require good communication skills and the ability to build strong working relationships both within the organization and with external suppliers. Strong analytical and problemsolving skills are essential. The successful candidate must be able to represent the company at trade shows and conferences in support of sales. Some international travel will be expected, and a clean driving license is required. The role includes out of hours oncall work as part of a rota. Advantageous skills to have:  Experience of ITIL environments and processes  Experience of supporting IP networks  Administering Windows or Linux servers