Title: Digital Account Manager  Creative Brand Agency
Webindex: 70253719
Company: Gold Group Ltd.
Description: This is a not to be missed opportunity for an experienced Digital Account Manager to join this highly successful and growing Digital Brand Agency based in Central London. They are passionate about their work and are seeking candidates who have an intense belief in customer services and can apply intelligent creative solutions across all areas of work including, creative, processes, account management etc. The successful candidate will be passionate about Digital and have a natural ability to think of creative and varied strategies to tackle a wide variety of client requirements. In return a salary of up to ****K is on offer, as well as the chance to work with a fun friendly and industry leading organisation. Key skills: Experienced working on a variety of client accounts across the digital portfolio Able to manage relationship communication between client and technical / creative teams Extremely organised, detailorientated and processdriven Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Have a meticulous eye for detail, totally focused on quality of service provided Proactive and able to act with independence and integrity Excellent presentation skills If this sounds like the sort of role for you, and you have the relevant experience, please apply today. This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK's leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we've got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DigitalAccountManagerCreativeBrandAgency_job****