Title: Network Analyst IOS
Webindex: 66923268
Company: Yorkshire Staffing Services
Description: Our client is a large IT Support Company that is currently looking for a Network Analyst to join their busy team in Hull. The main focus within IS is to implement common business systems that deliver synergy and cost savings to the business and drive the business forward. The Network Analyst, IOS Networks is critical to the delivery of these objectives as a member of the team focused on the delivery of Service Levels to the global user community. The role of the Network Analyst is challenging and multifaceted. It requires the incumbent to be very flexible and confident to adhere and communicate the IS Production Delivery strategy. This role will provide Service Management and support for all Infrastructure and Service Delivery for Network Infrastructure across Europe. The role requires a solid understanding of Service Management and Account Management to include, IT Infrastructure planning, Project implementation, Customer relationship, Vendor management, and Reporting. The role will be the key point of contact for the IS Europe Managers, Global Competency Teams and Service Desks. The role will provide a combination of technical and managerial expertise and leadership. This role will be supporting existing infrastructure and future system implementations. The Network Analyst needs to have a good understanding of all Service Delivery processes and work to review, improve and implement in line with the IS Strategy. The Network Analyst will work with the IOS Team Leader to support and agree system changes / upgrades to improve Infrastructure and PD processes and work with the Business Analyst to drive value from the systems that are in place. The role will need the flexibility to work closely with project managers and the business on projects involving assessment, design, development and implementation of business solutions. Key Objectives: Implement and Manage the globally agreed Services Ensure business requirements are captured and related service levels are defined Regularly track of service availability and continuity and report accordingly Plan and improve IT services provisioning Contribute to the building and development of the IT Service Management culture and provide leadership through continuous improvement and integration of global best practice and standards Define, review and implement the execution and maintenance of processes and procedures, highlight and ensure all associated risks, urgency, and impacts are proactively identified and mitigated Work and coordinate with different teams to manage planned projects activities and deliverables Participate and contribute in meetings and various discussions and as required for IT Service Delivery planning purposes Provide reports to business and management on the different processes (Monthly and as required), this is to include adhoc reports and queries as required Monitor and drive the efficiency and effectiveness of Service Delivery functions and make recommendations for quality and service improvement Conduct periodic reviews as required of the processes and suggest changes as necessary Deliver cost effective and sustained level of availability by supporting and optimizing the capability of the related IT services and Infrastructure Work closely with different departments, vendors, and suppliers to set clear direction and ensure strategies, goals, deadlines, and projects are met on time, budget, and quality performance Keep the management and business up to date with regular progress reporting on related IT Service Delivery projects, topics, activities, and issues Infrastructure, Services and operational capacity planning Technology Network Operations and Management Oversee Troubleshooting, Escalations, Design, Project Handover and provide expert support when necessary. Network level project planning, implementation, review and documentation Network Design, planning, testing, documentation, reporting and communications Network level security management, review and solution II. Operations Customer and Key Stakeholder satisfaction for services in scope. Oversee all help desk service delivery and process review/tracking at cluster level. Escalation Management of critical issues Identifying, Analysing and Reporting on key areas. Communication Management to key Stakeholders Manage service desk (Process, SLAs, Resources, etc) Vendor Management and meetings Asset Management Provide expert knowledge and guidance on Cisco VoIP Infrastructure Provide expert knowledge and guidance on LAN/WAN/WLAN Network Infrastructure Keep up to date with Current and future technology developments Key Competencies Communication Facilitate team/status meeting effectively Keep team well informed of changes within the organization and general news. Effectively communicate relevant PDrelated information to superiors. Deliver engaging, informative, wellorganized presentations. Resolve and/or escalate issues in a timely fashion. Understand how to communicate difficult/sensitive information tactfully. Relay relevant PDrelated information to the company in a timely manner. Management Initiate and implements improvements in all areas of PD responsibility. Serve as main point of contact for Networks for Europe. Respond/act on uppermanagement direction. Identify and provide standards for gathering information for use in trend analysis and reports information to company management. Leadership Inspire coworkers to attain goals and pursue excellence. Identify opportunities for improvement and makes constructive suggestions for change. Manage the process of innovative change effectively. Remain on the forefront of emerging industry practices. Teamwork Consistently acknowledge and appreciate each team member s contributions. Effectively utilizes each team member to his/her fullest potential. Motivate the team to work together in the most efficient manner. Keep track of lessons learned and shares those lessons with team members. Mitigate team conflict and communication problems. Plan and facilitate regular team activities outside of the office. ClientManagement Manage daytoday internal client interaction Set and manage internal client expectations. Communicate effectively with internal clients to identify needs and evaluate alternative business solutions. Continually seek opportunities to increase internal client satisfaction and deepen client relationships. Professional Qualifications / Experience Qualifications Must be CCNA 6 years experience managing and delivering infrastructure services and operational excellence. Exceptional knowledge of service and application delivery, as well as successful service level agreement accomplishments. Expert knowledge of Cisco Routers and Switches, OSPF, EIGRP, BGP, MPLS, VLANs, STP, ****Q Experience with Cisco PIX / ASA, or other firewalls, VPN, NAT Experience of configuring and managing a large VoIP deployment using Cisco Call Manager, Cisco Call Manager Express, Unity, Voice Gateways etc Good understanding of VOIP, QoS, Dial Peers, etc Experience of Cisco Wireless Networks, APs, WLAN Controllers and WCS Good understanding and knowledge of Server Experience in interpreting the applicability of local and federal laws/regulations Experience using Network Management Tools, preferably any of the following; Solarwinds, Orion, Wireshark, Riverbed Cascade, Verizon VEC Experience Riverbed Steelhead or WAN optimization would be beneficial Attributes Excellent people and time management skills Able to work or be oncall during nonworking hours as projects, systems maintenance or incidents require Demonstrable leadership and personnel/project management skills. Ability to make sound and logical judgments. Good understanding of the organization s goals and objectives. Strong interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills. Ability to perform general mathematical calculations for the purpose of creating needs assessments, budgets, and so on. Able to conduct research into issues and products as required. Ability to prioritize and execute tasks in a highpressure environment and make sound decisions in emergency situations. Ability to present ideas in a userfriendly language. Highly selfmotivated and directed. Proven analytical and problemsolving abilities. Strong customer service orientation. Experience working in a teamoriented, collaborative environment. Personal Attributes The business language is English, therefore fluency in English is essential and fluency in local languages advantageous Must be available for travel within region or globally if required The candidate will be achievement focused and able to work in a direct and often pressurised environment. Entrepreneurial skills in terms of innovation and problem solving are key along with tenacity, toughmindedness and ability to influence and demonstrate strong team working abilities and commitment