Title: Middleware MQ Engineer
Webindex: 68495722
Company: 7 Fifty Two Solutions Ltd 
Description: Our client, a world leading Investment Company, is seeking a Middleware MQ Engineer to join their Middleware team. The team is responsible for maintaining and supporting our client's core messaging systems which includes direct connection through MQ as well as publish and subscribe models based on IBM WebSphere Broker technologies. The team also supports SWIFT, FIX and other proprietary infrastructure and provides **** X **** support, performance and capacity planning, as well as the creation of solutions that provide a secure and monitored environment. Your r esponsibilities will be: Support disaster recovery testing, data centre migrations, product roadmap planning, capacity planning, software installation, patching, upgrades, performance and memory usage reporting. You will provide level 2 and level 3 production support when required. Problem Determination/Resolution: Evaluates situations and effectively recommends and/or implements solutions in an accurate and timely basis using both good technical and business judgment. Communications: Can engage in clear and concise communications both verbally and in writing. Effectively interacts in a cooperative and pleasant manner with colleagues. Project Management and Analysis: Ability to plan and execute projects working collaboratively with end users (which may include Development teams and businessside managers) is useful. Uses various tools (such as Microsoft Excel, Visio, and PowerPoint) to conduct analysis on system performance, root cause diagnostics, and systems'/applications' design to understand and improve the operating quality of production environments. You must have the following experience: Minimum 2 years of IBM WebSphere MQ and Broker is essential. Minimum 2 years of UNIX experience (Linux and Solaris) is essential. Experience of SWIFT and FIX messaging is desirable. Understanding and experience of PERL and/or Shell Scripting languages is desirable. Autosys knowledge and experience in Autosys is desirable Minimum 2 years experience with software repository tools. Minimum 2 years experience with release and problem tracking tools. Please apply.