Title: Modeller
Webindex: 71760294
Company: McGregor Boyall
Description: Quant Modeller A tier **** investment bank in London is currently looking for a Quantitative Modeller in their wholesale modelling function. This function designs, validates and monitors PD, EAD and LGD models. They also stress test their models for their Risk department. This function is purposefully modelling in order to comply with Basel II requirements and calculates economic capital and regulatory capital. The data surrounding credit risk is sourced from internal and external sources. The role involves development, delivery and validation of Probability of Default (PD), Loss Given Default (LGD), and Exposure at Default (EAD) models that meet Basel **** standards Candidates should be able to contribute to the development of PD/LGD/EAD models and would need an understanding of pointintime (PIT) and throughthecycle (TTC) PD and rating approaches. Key Responsibilities Key responsibilities include defining the scope and application of models, performing regression analysis, writing model development and validation documentation, ensuring all aspects of model delivery comply with regulatory and internal policy requirements and working closely with the risk department when modelling.  Development, enhancement, review and implementation of sophisticated PD/LGD/EAD models and methodologies.  Advanced Developing and implementing PD/LGD/EAD models (Development of models will be the main aspect of this role).  Development and implementation of pointintime and throughthecycle PDs, ratings and stress testing. Key Requirements:  Masters degree  preferably in Mathematics, Statistics, Econometrics, Economics or Finance at MSc level.  Technical Skills required SAS.  Robust knowledge and experience of credit risk analysis, gained in a wholesale risk environment.  Quant Analyst, Modeller, Models, PD, EAD, LGD, developing, validating, stress testing, risk, credit risk This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/Modeller_job****