Title: Programme Manager, Ecommerce, Change and Transformation
Webindex: 65899885
Description: Programme Manager, Change and Transformation, ecommerce. Middlesex, West London. Our client is looking for a programme manager responsible for a large change programme across their website. To be considered you must have a strong change and transformation background. Please note this is not a technical role and change and transformation experience in a large, fast moving environment is critical. Salary is in the range of  ****  ****  car allowance  bonus  pension  health, etc. In this key role you will take overall responsibility for delivering across multiple departments and streams in an innovative environment, delivering fast paced change in a collaborative and influential way. You will have previously delivered similar change projects in the online, interactive and mobile web domains.This role is both hands on and strategic. You will be experienced planning and managing change programmes and will be prepared to get your hands dirty when required. Planning will include setting out phases and milestones, identifying risk, etc. Managing the projects will include stakeholder management, senior level communication, change programme management, etc.To be considered you will have relevant previous experience and will thrive on getting things done. In addition you will have excellent people management experience with the ability to build strong relationships whilst always improving the customer experience and customer journey.If you have the required change, transformation and ecommerce experience please send your CV for a full brief. Interviews will be conducted soon. In addition to a competitive salary you will be working in an excellent environment on a high profile project for a well established and respected company/ brand. This role is based in Middlesex and is an easy commute from Brentford, Ealing, Chiswick, Hounslow, London, Slough, etc. If you are interested and have the skills and experience required please send your CV for a full brief.