Title: Cloud Architect  Consultancy  UK Wide
Webindex: 69038434
Company: Rullion IT Plus
Description: Cloud Architect  Consultancy  UK Wide Cloud Architect/Consultant sought by global player. This is a consultancy position, candidates can be based anywhere in the UK but must be prepared to travel as per project requirements. Key Technical Skills:  Cloud Service Deployment Models: Deep understanding of Cloud Service Deployment Models such as IaaS, PaaS, SaaS, Private, Public, Hybrid, and Community Cloud and the associated impact on: Technical Infrastructure Architecture Service Management Framework Governance, Finance Security Culture Staff Processes Service Portfolio Management  Cloud Technologies: Cloud Infrastructures (e.g. CloudSystem), Platforms (e.g. Azure), and Applications (e.g. Salesforce.com) and the supporting technologies  Solution Enterprise Architecture Methodologies Frameworks  Business Case Development: Financial and business credibility with experience of methodologies and tools as well as a good understanding of the business drivers for cloud  Service Definition: Identifying and defining services to be deployed through a service catalogue including an appreciation of the costs incurred through the delivery of IT  IT Transformation: The stages an organisation goes through during transformation  vision, strategy, migration (discovery, planning, and execution), and operation  Project Management: Contributing to programme project plans, defining work packages leading project team activities, defining responsibilities dependencies, mitigating risks issues The role: Successful candidates will take a lead role in helping customers understand, plan, and transform to hybrid cloud delivery models. They will engage in delivery of consulting services and solutions across a wide range of clients, both in the public and private sectors. Your responsibilities will include:  Working closely with our clients to understand their business, functional, technical, and implementation requirements  Helping customers develop their strategy and business case for cloud  Working with business IT to develop hybrid delivery strategy, service catalogues, chargeback models, and migration plans  Providing technical governance for cloud transformation programmes (a Technical Design Authority)  Establishing and maintaining effective relationships with the team and with the client  Working with the Project Manager to ensure the timely delivery of bids and projects to high levels of quality that provide profitable business and excellent customer satisfaction  Ownership of the overall business technical solution for client proposals  Providing leadership to internal project teams and clients  Providing coaching, guidance and leadership to colleagues  Sharing knowledge and experience through formal and informal activities You should be comfortable working in an environment where leadingedge technologies are being specified, designed and deployed. Whilst you will have the backup of the best technical experts in the industry you will need to be able to apply their inputs to the business challenges and priorities being faced by your client, and take ownership for the overall solution. Candidates should have experience of working with customer stakeholders and decision makers and be able to communicate effectively in a clear and concise manner appropriate for the audience and at all levels of the organisation up to CxO. Strong written skills are important, as is demonstrating proficiency in consultative, workshop, presentation and facilitation skills. Successful individuals should be willing to undergo Security Clearance. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a genuine market leader, a full job description company information is available to candidates meeting the above minimum criteria. Please apply electronically with your latest CV stating salary expectations to richard.padgetrullion.co.uk or call **** **** **** for details Rullion Computer Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/CloudArchitectConsultancyUKWide_job****