Title: Senior UX    IA
Webindex: 57259672
Company: EPH Associates Ltd
Description: EPH experience under your belt, your portfolio will show both smart thinking and larger site work. You will care about UX and will want to work with the Technical and Creative Teams to get the perfect result. Senior UX Designer    IA Responsibilities:  Interaction design and UX activity across web and mobile clients: ensuring all work is delivered on time, aligned with business goals and improves end users experience of our products  Develop and maintain consistency of accessibility and interaction design guidelines for all web and mobile activity as our clients require  Ensure that proper processes are in place to deliver the best possible work incorporating user centred design and user experience consultancy as required.  Providing accurate estimates, plans and, processes for client projects in collaboration with the Management team  Oversee user testing activity, and (where necessary) recruitment and management of external agencies to deliver this.  Working with project managers and other relevant business owners throughout the project lifecycle and have experience with both waterfall and agile projects approaches.  Lead the use of tools and software to generate user experience models, deliverables and prototypes.  Influence and impact, team working, drive and Initiative, embracing change and adaptability. Essential Skills working on products with a transactional/ ecommerce components, UX Strategy, cross platform journeys etc.  Have extensive experience of current tools and methodologies from Axure to Agile  Good understanding of web analytics and business metrics, and their constructive use in the UX/ design process.  Delivery of all related deliverables including sitemaps, user journeys, wireframes, prototypes, specifications, content audits and competitor and user analysis.  Experience of working with senior commercial executives, and converting their requirements into winning products.  Experience of working with developers in an agile environment.  User and business requirements elicitation techniques including visualisations, use cases, user stories and workshop techniques  While the role is primarily UX focused we would expect the successful candidate to be comfortable with Information Architecture tasks This opportunity is an exceptional career role working for a highly reputable, and wellestablished Top 20 Digital Agency. If you feel you have all the credentials to be a success in this Senior UX Designer    IA position, you will be rewarded with an attractive base salary of ****  **** (doe) plus an excellent benefits package. Apply today to EPH & Associates Ltd where a Sector Specialist Team Member will manage your application