Title: Relations Manager (ICT Learning Programme)
Webindex: 69022404
Company: Advantage Technical Resourcing
Description: Local government organisation based in Edinburgh seeks an experienced Relations Manager (working in partnership with drawing on the wider Learning ICT Programme, Scottish Government and Education Scotland policies and priorities) to develop and delivery of an integrated Learning ICT Programme stakeholder communications and engagement strategy. Due to the urgency, nature and length of the assignment, the successful candidate should have current security clearance to Disclosure Scotland Certificate/Baseline Personnel Security Standard level or above (or willing to under to the clearance process). Responsibilities: Map stakeholders and develop appropriate communications for each key stakeholder group. Personally engage with and build relations with key stakeholders; actively seek out opportunities to influence and develop new relations where appropriate. Define communication needs, channels and presentation whilst engaging with relevant stakeholders early in the development process. Determine best use of social media and good practice for platforms such as Engage for Education website, Glow (national schools intranet), Twitter, Facebook, etc. Control, monitor and evaluate content of communication products to ensure quality, consistency and accessibility of messages. Segment audience to deliver communications through most appropriate channels, ensuring messages are written with target audience in mind. Proactively manage multichannel communications campaigns and use various communications channels and technologies (including social media) to full potential. Understand programme and wider Scottish Government policy priorities, and the issues driving these, spotting and acting on the publicity or new values of policy /operational developments. Work effectively with Education Scotland and the wider Scottish Government policy and communications colleagues, driving collaboration and taking an integrated approach to communications planning. Produce weekly communication reports and advice for the Programme Manager and where relevant support Ministers to participate and respond to stakeholder enquiries online. Key Skills and Experience Experience of managing stakeholder relations. Excellent verbal, written, presentation, and interpersonal communication skills. Experience of using multichannel communications, in particular mobile and social media / community experience. Desirable Knowledge of MS Project Extra Information: This is initially a 6 months contract role with an option for further extension for 17 months. Rate is **** per day. Contact Information: For further information please contact Shanila Fernando at Advantage Technical Resourcing on (Apply online only) Legal Information: Advantage Technical Resourcing. Services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temp work. With over 40 years of specialist experience, Advantage Technical Resourcing is the recruiter of choice for IT and Engineering professionals across EMEA. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Please visit our website to find out more about us. Advantage Technical Resourcing: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work