Title: Juniper Design Engineer  City  ****K
Webindex: 68627240
Company: Jenrick CPI
Description: Juniper Design Engineer Core skills  Juniper MPLS/VPN experience, Juniper, Juniper knowledge to JNCIP or JNCIE level on MX, EX, M, and J series platforms. A network design engineer is required for this prestigious financial organisation. You will be accountable for the infrastructure design, configuration, maintenance and third line support of Data Centre Networks. This includes operational reviews, project design reviews, and liaison with key suppliers such as Juniper. The team liaises with Network Architecture and Project Managers on network design and engineering matters. The team also operates at an international level with global peers. The wider Network Service organisation encompasses the full life cycle of network infrastructure from Architecture to Operations. Key responsibilities;  Lead the design, development, implementation of Juniper MPLSVPN networks and advise maintenance of network solutions to enable effective management of business and technical requirements for all Data Centre networks.  Manage third party suppliers for operational effectiveness and during projects to influence design decisions and ensure maximum business benefit is obtained from the network infrastructure.  Strong knowledge of Juniper MPLS VPN design.  Own the engineering vendor relationships.  Ensure the provision of your expertise to all areas of the business in key projects, developments and implementations to ensure there are appropriate solutions and controls.  Manage the design continuity, development maintenance of the network.  Provision of Detailed Design documentation with subsequent liaison with other team members and implementation team members. Essential skills required;  Strong Juniper Networking/Design experience ideally to JNCIE level.  Two to three years of detailed network design experience.  Good understanding of switching routing technology and how to apply them in a service oriented enterprise environment.  Ability to work in a self sufficient manner seeking guidance when real obstacles occur.  Graduate and/or several years in depth experience of network design and network operations.  IP routing/multicast routing. Such as OSPF, BGP, MSDP PIM.  Internet and WAN protocols specifically global network technologies such as SDH, DWDM and BGP, MPLS.  In depth knowledge of Juniper products and JUNOS  Juniper knowledge to JNCIP or JNCIE level on MX, EX, M, and J series platforms.  Knowledge of operating systems and their TCP/IP stacks  Knowledge of common services, DNS/NTP etc. More details on application  Please call Matt for more info and submit CV for immediate interview.