Title: Project Manager (Software Development, Surrey)
Webindex: 69472611
Description: Project Manager (Software Development, Surrey) Job Description It s hard to differentiate between companies when looking to make a career move. Would a company that is changing the way people and organisations think about how we work be that something that makes the difference? We would like you to think about what working for us as a Project Manager could mean for the development of your career. As a Project Manager, you would be working with Microsoft software development teams on bespoke global applications that effect how we as a company individually operate in 95 countries. You will learn how we work with and can help entrepreneurial startups as well as major global corporations and also learn how you can have a real influence on that. The main remit for the Project Manager position is:  Managing and delivering high profile and high impact IT related projects within scope and to tight timescales;  Ensuring the delivery of the change programme by driving the solution through the full project lifecycle. Duties and Responsibilities:  Matrix managing multiple project teams;  Running projects with remote (offshore) business teams;  Identify and pull together the workplan tasks required to be resolved, by whom and in which logical order (i.e. the critical path);  Work proactively with the project board on the identification and resolution of risks, issues and project exceptions to the required timescale;  Initiate process and drive through adoption. Desired Skills  have excellent risk and issue management, change and governance skills and experience;  have a solid understanding of project management methodology and best practice (e.g. PRINCE2);  have knowledge of Waterfall and Agile methodologies;  have evidence of the use of MS Office products, including MS Project and Excel or similar project control tools;  be able to bridge the Gap between technical teams and the business;  have the ability to influence teams in a positive manner to create a cohesive and productive working environment;  have excellent and clear verbal and written communication skills. Company Description: As the unrivalled global market leader in our industry, with extensive global growth plans being put into practice right now, we are looking to expand our UK based IT Business Systems division with career focused, IT staff within Project Management. Working on enterprise scale business systems, there are a number of new global application projects kicking off, so now is the perfect time to make that career move you have been considering. If you would like more information including a full job specification and a chat about the position, please contact me, LaceyMarie Davis. Looking to relocate? We are not alone in thinking that Surrey is one of the best parts of the country to live in. We have a great mix of city and country living, excellent schools and transport connections (M3, M25, Heathrow Airport). Don t just take our word for it: http://www.surreycc.gov.uk/getinvolved/lovewhereyoulivevideo This position is only open to UK/EU residents who have full rights to live and work in the UK. Think IT Recruitment is acting as an employment agency for this role under UK Government regulations CEAEBR ****