Title: Technical Product Manager – SQL / Web Services / API
Webindex: 68359799
Company: Coal IT Services
Description: Technical Product Manager – SQL / Web Services / API Overview: My client, a leading publishing company are looking for a Technical Product Manager to join their team in London. Essential skills experience as a Technical Product Manager:  A strong technical background with handson experience of usage reports, activity logs deep dive data analysis  Experienced in the development roll out of web based database driven products.  Experience of producing online service or product development strategies.  Track record of achieving results in a fast moving, challenging environment.  Strong process and project/system management skills.  Ability to rapidly absorb complex technical and conceptual information, identify key issues and details, and present alternatives to both technical and nontechnical individuals.  Strong presentation, analysis attention to detail.  Hands on experience of relational databases, web services, APIs SQL.  Experience in using Project Management tools ITIL processes an advantage. Role responsibilities as a Technical Product Manager: Managing the product life cycle from strategic planning to tactical activities Analysing potential partner relationships for the product.  Product planning strategy: Research, specification and documentation of product features and requirements, development of use cases testing to meet established user requirements. Identifying options for potential solutions and assessing them for both technical and business suitability.  Project management: Directing product build and development through creation and management of project plans, direction of IT resources, and management of external suppliers. Ensuring that budgets are adhered to and deadlines met.  Product customer support: Supporting users through trouble shooting, training, creation of user documentation, client visits encouraging user selfmanagement and process automation. Working closely with developers and a variety of end users to ensure technical compatibility and user satisfaction. Ability to provide technical solutions debate the pros cons of various technical options.  Service transition: Drawing up testing methodologies schedules and agreeing business processes with stakeholders. Overseeing the implementation of a new product, system or change as well as monitoring, usage reporting other support systems required for ongoing management. Work closely with users to test, review signoff products for live deployment. Technical Product Manager – SQL / Web Services / API  ****k This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TechnicalProductManagerSQLWebServicesAPI_job****