Title: Systems Administrator (Network, Web, Infrastructure, Storage)
Webindex: 71705694
Company: Interquest Group
Description: Systems Administrator (Network, Web server, Shibboleth, Windows, Shell, Perl, Python) Systems Administrator (Network, Web server, Shibboleth, Windows, Shell, Perl, Python) Sand Resources has an excellent opportunity available for experienced Systems Administrator for a client based in London. Our client is seeking an experienced System Administrator with a proven track record of delivery within an Administration and support team. The role will provide the inhouse technical support for networks, infrastructure, storage, installations and upgrades. Systems Administrator Role: Support and administration of desktops, mobile devices/smartphones including software installation and configuration. Administration support for IT processes such as new starters, ordering software and license management. Support staff in their use of ICT facilities. Support and manage the externally hosted facilities such as websites, document management and email. Liaising with the IT teams in other partner institutions to converge existing technologies during transition. Evaluate and ensure thorough testing/piloting of new technologies to support transition. Develop and integrate the secure access technologies for collaboration of a number of different websites and databases such as Shibboleth. Systems Administrator Skills: •Experience of multiplatform desktop and server administration and network/web/database administration and support expertise. •Knowledge of supporting and the administration of as many of the following: desktop imaging technologies; device encryption; package formats for Mac, •Experience of supporting and installing Windows and Linux; email, database and web server configuration, DNS, DHCP, AD, etc. •Installing, configuring, maintaining, monitoring and troubleshooting of ICT desktop hardware and software, including Apple and Microsoft based systems. •Strong systems administration experience in the Linux/UNIX environment. •Experience of verifying and troubleshooting rapid development of custom scripts in languages such as shell, Perl and Python. •Experience of successfully automating system administration tasks. •Strong experience of Locallydeveloped scripts and/or integration with system administration tools. •Experience of maintaining and developing IT documentation. Candidates should send their CV for immediate consideration and a full job description. Sand Resources is an equal opportunity employer committed to a policy of treating all employees and job applicants equally. It is our aim to take all reasonable steps to employ and promote on the basis of ability and qualifications without regard to race, religion, colour, sex, age, national origin, disability or sexual orientation. Our recruitment takes place based only on skills and experience of the candidates. Sand Resources is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy.