Title: Dynamics NAV Technical PreSales ****k Oxfordshire/Home Based
Webindex: 70382485
Description: Dynamics NAV Technical PreSales Consultant, ****k ****k car Oxfordshire My Dynamics Navision client is one of Britain s premier GOLD PARTNERS and are looking to develop their team by adding a MS Dynamics Navision technical presales consultant. Due to ongoing success and sustained growth my client now needs Technical presales Consultants to maintain their high standards and take on new business and key accounts within a new and exciting vertical. They are one of the few MS Gold Partners who are large enough to take on Dynamics NAV 2013 but due to the huge amount of changes in technology and methodology that Dynamic NAV 2013 will bring, a large amount of investment and training will be required. Only the very best and most ambitious MS Gold Partners will be in a position to make the most of this new technology. If you are an ambitious Dynamics NAV specialist and motivated by working with the newest technologies, this is the company for you. The successful candidate will be an implementations specialist within MS Dynamics Navision and have an expert level knowledge of the product. You will also have a strong technical understanding and be able to design solutions from a technical viewpoint matching customer needs. There will be the opportunity to travel nationally to exciting projects. You will be required to demonstrate consultancy skills specifically The Candidate MUST have: Extensive experience of Microsoft Dynamics NAV within a Gold Partner Environment. Working knowledge of the latest versions of Dynamics NAV and a desire to work with new and progressive technologies is essential. Experience setting up multiple modules within an implementation from scratch. Strong client facing skills being able to demonstrate systems to prospective clients. Practical knowledge of SQL Server is required including installation, configuration and reporting functions. Ideally you will be from a strong educational background. You will have preferably studied to degree level or equivalent in a related subject. This is an ideal opportunity for a consultant looking to work for a reputable Gold Partner. Due to the products that are provided by my client there is an opportunity to cross train into Dynamics AX. You will work with the latest technologies and stay up to date with one of the world s fastest moving markets. Through internal training you will get the chance to become certified in NAV 2013 in multiple modules. Due to the position in the market of my client, you will be able to enhance your career and maximise your personal development. This particular Gold Partner has a great reputation of employee engagement and has a very low staff turnover. This role is due to new projects, new clients and a growing reputation in the market. Due to the nature of this role you will be required to travel to client sites. To take the stress out of work my client will reward you with a very generous benefits package to give you an excellent work life balance. This is an excellent to opportunity to take your career to a new level. DON T get left behind APPLY NOW To apply: To discuss this exciting MS Dynamics NAV/Navision opportunity in more detail  many other new and exciting roles, please send your CV to Click here to contact this recruiter or call Andrew Poxton on **** **** **** in complete confidence ASAP. Nigel Frank International is the leading Microsoft Dynamics recruitment firm in the UK, advertising more Microsoft Dynamic NAV/Navision jobs than any other agency. We deal with both Microsoft Partners & End Users throughout the UK and Europe and we have never had more live requirements & jobs for Microsoft Dynamics professionals. By specialising solely in placing candidates in the Microsoft Dynamics market I have built relationships with most of the key employers in the UK and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best Dynamics NAV opportunities & Navision jobs are. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Microsoft Dynamics candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. For information on the Microsoft Dynamics market and some of the Dynamics opportunities & Navision jobs that are available I can be contacted on **** **** **** or by email Click here to contact this recruiter 