Title: PHP Developer  great opportunities to progress
Webindex: 72236162
Company: Adecco Group
Description: Software Development company based in Bourton on the Water requires a PHP Developer to join their highly successful team. This role is quite flexible and would suit either a junior developer who is keen to gain more experience or someone more highly skilled who is looking for an employer that can offer excellent long term opportunities. This role could lead into a Business Analyst position or consultancy or client account handling roles in the future. The role offers the opportunity to spend three days a week in the office and two days working from home and so will suit someone who will appreciate some flexibility. Tasks will include:  Developing data capture and mobile applications for the manufacturing and distribution sectors using the IFS ERP package.  Working with a bluechip client base  Carrying out PHP development and working with Oracle databases at the back end  Development using C and Javascript  previous experience is not required  Programming and testing mobile applications and feeding back to the client  Working on specific projects and tailoring standard software to meet the client's brief Skills and experience required:  A minimum of one year's PHP development is essential  Knowledge of Oracle, C and Javascript is useful but not essential  You must be highly selfmotivated and able to work without supervision  Team spirited and flexible you will enjoy working as part of a small team Salary: ****  **** depending upon experience. Adecco is an employment agency and an equal opportunities employer. Due to the high volume of responses to our advertising we are unable to respond to all candidates directly. If you have not heard from us within **** working days then please assume that on this occasion your application has been unsuccessful. Thank you for your interest. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PHPDevelopergreatopportunitiestoprogress_job****