Title: Release Manager  Major Media Comp  West London / Surrey 
Webindex: 71565046
Company: Prism Digital
Description: Release Manager  Twickenham, Staines, Richmond region, West London / Surrey. A great position here for a really glamorous client. You will have x**** international reports. In this role you will be centrally responsible for managing and verifying the many software development sprint cycles as well as ensuring final product release. You will work closely with our client`s global development teams, testing and Operations teams to ensure a smooth plan software release schedule. You will be responsible for organising, directing and managing sprint based release candidates and ensuring your team have met stringent release and regression criteria set by the Release Team. Key Responsibilities:  Plan, manage and stabilise the development releases using agile approach.  Collaborate with developers to define breakdown of releases, ensuring their impact is fully understood.  Ensuring that all release practises are robust, ensuring ongoing stability of releases from development, through testing into the live production environments.  Ensure that a necessary and sufficient set of release document is agreed with all stakeholders, and ensuring you keep this uptodate across releases.  Champion Release Management process and advocate its absolute necessity in the development and operations community.  Work closely with all stakeholders to ensure prompt rectification of problems.  Responsibility for scheduling, tracking and control of release candidates across multiple installation and geographical locations.  Monthly reporting on the success/failure, defining and measuring essential KPI`s for the Release Team.  Line manage remote Release and Regression team.  Define goals and deliverables for the new Release Team and individuals. The successful candidate have come from a previous development environment and have good hands on experience with testing or currently undertaking a release role. You must possess strong technical background, with working knowledge of systems development lifecycles, Agile/Scrum development; experience with automated configuration management/code management systems. Experience with ITIL fundamentals and appreciation of the release management process. Ideally you will have experience of working with a wide variety of technologies including Mobile Apps, HTML, Java in a complex and distributed environment. Location: Our client is easily commutable from: Twickenham, Uxbridge, Hounslow, Richmond, Staines, Slough, Reading, West London (****mins commute from Clapham Junction), Surrey This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ReleaseManagerMajorMediaCompWestLondonSurrey_job****