Title: Technical Assistant  Events
Webindex: 67904605
Company: Focus Resourcing
Description: Our client works on some of the largest events and exhibitions in the UK and is now looking for a Technical Assistant. They pride themselves on their high level of customer satisfaction and keeping abreast of the latest technical developments.They have developed their own suite of specialised online systems coupled with latest Internet standards and methods. You will join an energetic and highly motivated team who will support you in your role and provide ongoing training, whilst also having the latitude and flexibility to really show your creativity.The personYou should have already gained or have the aptitude for the following skills: Ability to write fluently in HTML Understand and manipulate CSS Show aptitude and understanding of JavaScript Familiarity with AJAX techniques a bonus You should be highly competent computer user. As a person you should display the following qualities: You are fully conversant with the Internet and conducting business over the Internet You like working with nontechnical people and see yourself as a helpful enabler. With your ability to interpret customer requests, you will extract the salient requirements and produce solutions to match those requirements and be proud of the finished article. You are diligent and able to review your own work and correct mistakes. Where necessary you will adopt and adhere to standards. You should like the idea of dealing directly with customers; visiting and supporting live events across the UK. The Role Implementing and updating booking forms using our Dynamic Forms framework leveraging Basic type programming, HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Directly interacting with customers to ensure changes to forms are done expediently. Preparing new database setups in the online reporting system. Understanding and creating new pricing schedules for use with booking forms and implementing discount structures as per customer requirements. Working closely with account managers to satisfy customer requirements and meeting deadlines Assisting preparing equipment for exhibitions. Assisting with inhouse IT technical tasks as required. Going to support exhibitions at venues across theUKin a technical capacity It is essential that you have a driving license valid for UK