Title: Database Administrator / SQL DBA
Webindex: 68359608
Company: Sharpe Recruitment
Description: A market leading software provider delivering over **** Global users with innovative, ondemand collaboration and Document Management solutions, specifically designed to improve the performance of engineering and construction projects require a SQL Database Administrator. Clients include leading organisations such as Carillion, G****S, Willmot Dixon, Sir Robert McAlpine, VINCI Construction, Kier and Eon. This is a rare opportunity for an experienced Database Administrator (DBA) to join one of the fastest growing companies based in the North East. The Job: We are seeking to recruit a Database Administrator (DBA) to contribute to the company's continued success. As a key member of the IT Operations team you will be responsible for assisting with the day to day management of the company SQL Server environments. Who we're looking for: The successful candidate will be proactive, with excellent verbal and written communication skills, able to work unsupervised or as part of a wider team and will take an active role in group tasks. Key skills required: Good understanding of key database design principals Must be able to write TSQL code (joins, common table expressions, etc.) Minimum of 12 years' experience with SQL Server administration Backup and Restore methodologies and their application In addition to the above, candidates with experience of SQL Server Reporting Services and Integration Services would also be looked upon favourably. Recent Microsoft certifications would also be a benefit, although the successful candidate will be expected to gain additional MS certifications that will contribute towards the company's Partner status. This role may also be suited to a SQL developer as a large number of cross over skills exist between the roles. What's on Offer: To attract exceptional people we offer an excellent package. You can look forward to a competitive salary, flexitime, contributory pension scheme, life assurance and 25 days holiday (plus bank holidays). Personal continuous development is key; we actively encourage and support a personalised training program for you, supported by study leave, funding and payment of professional fees  we are a Microsoft Certified Partner. If you are interested in the advertised position please apply through the requested method and we will be in touch shortly with regards to your suitability for the role. Sharpe Recruitment is a North East based consultancy, dedicated to placing professionals in rewarding jobs throughout the North of England across a variety of disciplines including Digital Media, Creative Advertising, Sales Marketing, PR, IT and Business Operations. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/DatabaseAdministratorSQLDBA_job****