Title: SQL Server Database Developer/ Programmer c / Java
Webindex: 68545018
Company: Global Technology Solutions Ltd.
Description: SQL Server Database Developer/ Programmer / c/Java An exciting opportunity has arisen for an experienced SQL Server Database Developer/ Programmer to join fast growing, dynamic organisation based at their prestigious offices in Exeter. As a SQL Server Database Developer/ Programmer you will have: Previous experience either as a SQL Server DBA or as a SQL Server Database Developer Experience working with SQL Server high volume / high throughput databases Knowledge of database design and modelling. Good knowledge of SQL Server features such as partitioning, new system tables, CTEs, ranking functions Knowledge of index maintenance, Disaster Recovery strategies and implementation Knowledge of a variety of programming languages such as C and Java. Experience of database unit testing/Continuous Integration would be desirable Good working experience of Windows operating systems As a SQL Server Database Developer/ Programmer c/Java you will: Be responsible for supporting the development team with data modelling and database design. Help and advise team members on SQL database technical queries and design issues Ensure that the data model is always kept up to date. Help with the testing of new / enhanced software, preparing documentation for new releases and upgrades. Ensure that all incidents that are assigned to you are diagnosed, resolved or escalated to the appropriate person according to the service level agreement. Investigate and resolve database performance issues Investigate and implement database security issues Be responsible for evaluating and testing new versions of SQL server and new versions of SQL server service packs, ensuring that they work correctly with all our clients products. Proactively monitor the high volume production databases recommending changes to our clients configuration where applicable. Be responsible for client support, investigating software bugs, fixing them where possible, producing reports and documentation. Be responsible for supporting new customer installations. That is checking the integrity of the test data, checking customers hardware platform, prepare, test and perform the installation and much more Occasionally you might be asked to travel to a customers site to carry out an installation or software upgrade. This might involve overseas travel. This is an exciting new career challenge for an individual with the above experience looking for their next position.