Title: Oracle EBS Consultant (HRMS/Payroll)
Webindex: 71565710
Company: Edison Hill Ltd
Description: Oracle EBusiness Suite, EBS, HRMS, Payroll, Payroll Schema, Discoverer, PL/SQL, SQLPlus, Oracle EBS Developer/Techno Functional Hybrid/Consultant. My client’s are an award winning, leading Oracle Consultancy providing Oracle EBusiness Suite/EBS solutions across all industry sectors. They are hiring an EBS /EBusiness Suite specialist consultant to work join their award winning talented team. The successful candidate will need to work on both Professional Service engagements and Managed Service engagements and will need to show a broad range of skills as well as a professional, commercially aware focus. The role will be based at my clients’ central London office, although candidates should be aware of the following:  Travel is likely and expected. The length and location can and will vary  Weekend work is possible and expected  Oncall duties for Managed Service clients can be expected in the future Candidates should be educated to degree level as a minimum, should have at least 5 years experience of EBS/EBusiness Suite implementations, and should show experience in, and understanding of, the challenges and opportunities presented by both project work and managed service work. As is usual for consulting organisations, consultants are expected to support the sales division and this can and will include presales work, responding to tenders and making presentations. The role will involve client interaction and the candidate must have good analysis, interpersonal and communication skills. A key emphasis is on implementing solutions that make a difference by ensuring the delivery of quantifiable benefits to our clients. To be considered for this opportunity your primary experience should encompass the implementation and support of the following Oracle EBusiness Suite modules:  Oracle HRMS Payroll **** / R****  Oracle Discoverer, Oracle Fast formula, Alerts Oracle Workflow  SQLPlus, PL/SQL and knowledge of HR / Payroll schema In addition, you should ideally also have experience with the following:  HR Self Service  Learning Management (OLM)  iRecruitment  Compensation Workbench  User Productivity Kit (UPK)  Reports  Forms  Discoverer (technical) For a full job description please forward me your CV at your earliest convenience. Interviewing now. Edison Hill Limited is acting as an employment business in relation to this vacancy. PLEASE ENSURE THAT THE JOB REFERENCE NUMBER APPEARS IN THE SUBJECT BOX. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/OracleEBSConsultantHRMSPayroll_job****