Title: Graduate/Junior Case Management Developer
Webindex: 68495685
Company: Fruition IT Resources Limited
Description: Graduate/Junior Case Management Developer ****  **** (dependent on experience) plus Benefits Leeds City Centre COMPANY INFORMATION My client is a large professional services organization, who are currently seeking a Graduate/Junior Case Management Developer to join their busy IT Team in an exciting role that's introducing new technologies, ideas and solutions to improve business and development strategies. Full training will be provided in Case Management. ROLE INFORMATION Develop and maintain Case Management solutions that impact the operations of the appropriate Practice Group or enhance the client's perception of the business Create and maintain document templates including those that reside outside of the CMS system, eg DMS Templates. Full life cycle application development. Participate in the analysis of business requirements and document appropriately. Designing, coding and debugging applications in various software languages. Support the Case Management System and its administration. Test fixes and perform postresolution followups to ensure problems have been adequately resolved. Testing new programs, fault finding and diagnosing. Create, document, and implement unit test plans, scripts, and test harnesses. Participate in the creation and maintenance of technical documentation using defined technical documentation templates SKILLS/EXPERIENCE A recent IT graduate who is looking to start a career in IT Development Technical knowledge of .NET, SQL, TSQL, VBA, XML and Webservices Capable of developing a good working relationship with all areas of the business Must be selfmotivated, be attentive to detail, be able to multitask, and be able to act well under pressure Excellent communication and interpersonal skills (Essential) Good problem solving and analytical skills Case Management knowledge and legal experience (Desirable) This could be an ideal opportunity for a Graduate/Junior Developer to start a career within a hugely successful business working with leading edge technologies and methodologies. Please send in your CV for immediate consideration.