Title: Business Analyst  Insurance  Solution Provider  Permanent
Webindex: 69571384
Company: IPS
Description: Business Analyst  Insurance  Solution Provider  Permanent Excellent Global solution provider who has a significant presence in the Insurance sector is seeking a Business Analyst  Financial  who has the follow experience and capabilities. Analyses financial requirements and issues raised in projects for insurance organizations eg a Lloyd's syndicate, London Market insurer, a global operation, or a large commercial insurer. Understands the major high level financial processes of general insurance, and considers requirements and issues in the light of these. Understands stated business objectives and is able to help question and clarify where appropriate. Considers and proposes solutions in terms of enhancements, configuration, or better use of existing facilities. Documents and discusses solutions in a knowledgeable and cooperative manner with both clients' IT representatives and nominated business users. Communicates clearly and unambiguously to developers and others, and helps to analyse and resolve issues. Willingly participates in a wide range of activities as directed including workshops, studies, project work strands, support and training. The successful candidate will have the following attributes and abilities Credibility with clients' IT and business users. Demonstrable knowledge of finance/accounting processes Financial background in insurance company a definite advantage Ability to participate in information gathering activities, meetings and discussions in a contributory and cooperative manner. Problem solving and analytical skills. Clear and concise communication, written and verbal Proposes appropriate design solutions according to quality, time, cost, and risk criteria. Develops Industry and application knowledge Understanding of the methodology and project life cycle currently used Development of training material and delivery Construction and execution of test plans To discuss the full nature of the tasks and responsibilities of this excellent career opportunity with this major brand call Gerard Gibson.