Title: Software Engineers  Aerospace / Defence, C++
Webindex: 72687527
Company: Recruitment Genius
Description: Do you want to work for a fast growing high tech company with offices across four continents? Do you want to work for a company that cares about its employees and is aiming to become a Sunday Times Top 100 company to work for? Do you want to accelerate your career with genuine career prospects? Then send us your CV now They are a software and systems engineering company with both a strong presence in international markets and a high growth profile. Their customers are industry leaders in the aerospace, energy and defence sectors that demand high integrity and complex systems to meet their challenging requirements. They are currently looking to fill a number of engineering positions in both junior and senior positions due to their continued growth. Candidates for this position must have a demonstrable experience in software engineering (ideally in the aerospace sector) and be degree educated in a numerical discipline such as computer science, mathematics or computer engineering. However, candidates from other disciplines will also be considered. Responsibilities Include: The successful candidate will be expected to undertake a variety of duties. These include, but are not limited to: • Requirements specification and analysis • Architecture, design and development of software components • Software development • Software and systems level testing • Communicating results with a high degree of accuracy and attention to detail You will need to be very client focussed and feel comfortable in understanding and acting on customer needs. Essential Skills and Experience: • A BSc or higher in a numerate degree (e.g. Computer Science) • Strong development experience in C++ (ideally in Microsoft Visual Studio) • Strong objectoriented development skills • Design experience using UML • Testing at module and system level (creating test scripts and procedures) • Capability of producing documentation to a high standard • Proactive communicator, comfortable with end users and customers. • Ability to explain design decisions in a nontechnical manner with clarity and detail. An excellent remuneration package of up to **** is offered, which will be flexibly negotiated depending on skills and experience. The benefits package is extensive and includes (depending on grade) payment of fees for membership of professional bodies, healthcare, dental care, life insurance, pension provision, gym membership, travel insurance, mobile phone allowance, very flexible working, training and CPD/social events. If you enjoy challenging work, in an open and supportive environment and you feel you have a positive 'can do' attitude and want to be part of our success story, this may be the opportunity you have been looking for.