Title: SAP Project Manager SD / FICO  London  ****K
Webindex: 69669654
Company: Halogen Corporation Ltd.
Description: The Client Senior SAP Project Manager FICO / SD  My client is a renowned media group with a reputation for unrivalled creative craftsmanship and remarkable media across their international operations. They are now expanding their brands on the world stage and need outstanding IT systems and people to achieve this ambition. With the imminent implementation of a state of the art SAP upgrade, we are now looking for hands on SAP Project Manager for Implementation and Development Projects. The role Development/ project work: Develop new functions, manage both mini projects and larger scale projects with budgets ranging from 1m to 2m and work as a lead SAP Project Manager. Work closely with the department and internal customers to maintain and implement the respective SAP modules (FICO and SD). Stakeholder management and maintaining relationships with technical and business teams. Working across both local and European wide SAP implementation and enhancement projects. The Candidate The candidate Proven hands on SAP project experience within FICO or SD. Ideally configuration experience within FICO or SD modules though not essential. The ideal candidate will have managed budgets of at least 1m. Should have experience of both development and implementation projects. The candidate should have completed a full lifecycle project and have strong communication skills and experience of steakholder management This is a fantastic opportunity with a world class employer deemed as the most prestigious and dominant force within the media industry. On offer is an above the market salary with an unrivalled career progression opportunity. Only the best of breed need apply. Please note candidates must have the relevant visa work in the UK to apply. Halogen Group does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant legislation.