Title: Principal Consultant (Wintel, Networking, Virtualization)
Webindex: 69039647
Company: CML Offshore Recruitment
Description: About the Client We are recruiting for a leading consultancy specializing in offshore technology services. They are one of the Premier IT service providers, in Grand Cayman, focusing on Managed IT Services, Business Continuity and Cloud Hosting amongst other business solutions. This business now has clients in over 34 countries. About the Role We are seeking a Principal Consultant with strong Architectural and Technical expertise across the Wintel stack (Exchange, Active Directory and Server), Virtualization (VMware), Cisco, SAN (HP and NetApp) technologies. Candidate Requirements The ideal candidate will be responsible for providing technical support and analysis to clients and business units, ensuring that all infrastructure related support is ensured and maintained. You should have a strong demonstrable consulting background with a focus on SAN (HP and NetApp), Exchange, Active Directory, Cisco Telephony and VMware technologies. Whilst working alongside the sales team, you’ll be expected to work in a consultative capacity to cross sell additional products to increase your personal ‘book of business.’ Front runners for this position will have experience managing large scale IT infrastructure environments, with relevant education including a Bachelors Degree in an Information Technology related field, Microsoft certifications; VMware VCP certification, NetApp / HP storage; Cisco; CCNA or higher. Additionally, you must have strong knowledge of SAN, virtualization and DR technologies, strong Microsoft clustering for Exchange ****010 / SQL **** R2 and be familiar and comfortable working to ITIL methodologies. About CML CML is the leading staffing solutions company across Offshore Jurisdictions. Based in the Cayman Islands, we specialize and offer resourcing services across Financial Services, IT, Legal Industries, Trust, Administration and Support Services. Furthermore we offer an extensive Human Resources and Immigration service tailor made for Client requirements. For more information please visit our website – www.cmlor.com About Cayman Residents of the Cayman Islands enjoy an unparalleled standard of living with warm weather all year round, zero income tax, minimal commute and the beach on your doorstep. For further information please browse our website – www.cmlor.com and / or our video channel – www.cmlor.tv . This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/PrincipalConsultantWintelNetworkingVirtualization_job****