Title: Web Content (Digital Marketing Executive)
Webindex: 66923680
Company: Angela Mortimer Group
Description: Our client based in Birmingham are looking to recruit a Digital Marketing/Web Content Development Executive. The fundamental part of the role will be to support and implement strategic initiatives and marketing projects relating to the firms public websites and social media presence. You will assist in content maintenance and be the web team s technical lead in exploiting underlying technologies. In addition you will provide training and support. The role will have three parts, strategic, content management and design. You will work with the managers to implement web strategy and research and submit best practices to the team. This will include competitor activities. You will collaborate in creating microsites and track and execute projects within the web team. You will also be required to apply expert knowledge of Google analytics and assist in the management of social media accounts and the interrelationships between platforms. With regard to content management you will understand the content lifecycle and initiate ongoing content maintenance. You will work with content champions to refresh and publish consistent upto date web content. There will be a need to work with business marketeers, practice groups and senior management to develop, edit, format and upload content for the website with the digital communication objectives. This includes writing, subediting, proof reading, risk assessment, compliance to branding and legislative requirements and managing the translation process. You will ensure best practice SEO standards and level AA accessibility compliance is achieved. Finally on the design side you will be drawing wireframe illustrations and development in Photoshop. Also you will be designing and drawing graphics for websites using Adobe Photoshop layed files, including banners, buttons and twitter backgrounds. You will be formatting and resizing photographs for web biographies using Photoshop. In addition you will work with IT to ensure the maintenance and enhancement of the website and assist in technical testing of new area. You will play a key role in training colleagues and in internal social media programmes. You will have one direct report also to support. Applicants will have 5 years of online marketing/business development experience ideally within professional services or publishing. You will be able to demonstrate experience of ALL the above. Also experience of training and supervision is also needed. Katie Bard is acting as an agency and is an equal opportunities employer