Title: German Technical support €**** Dublin North
Webindex: 68681433
Company: Adecco Group
Description: Do you have a passion for new technology and excellent customer service? Are you looking for more than a daytoday routine and a real challenge for your career? The Role: As German Technical support you'll be responsible to manage reactive customer cases and deliver appropriate technical solutions which leave the customer completely satisfied. This is a permanent contract starting the 21st January 2013. Salary €**** Responsibilities: To provide technical support to meet customer expectations. Work remotely to diagnose and solve customer problems, over the phone, via web collaboration, mail or fax for enterprise storage servers and network (ESSN) Dealing with enquiries which can vary from Product Features, Specifications Repairs to complex Installations and Configurations. Taking full ownership of each customer case, using your independent judgement and experience to diagnose and troubleshoot problems or identify cases for escalation. Responsible for delivering timely, accurate customer support technical answers and providing a high degree of customer service satisfaction. Participate in coaching and demonstrate commitment to personal improvement. Requirements: Fluency in English and German Software: Microsoft OS, VMware and/or Linux  Basic level is required. SAN (Storage Area Networks), Nearline storage and backup solutions  Basic level is required Industry Standard Servers / Server architecture  Intermediate level General computer hardware knowledge  Intermediate level Network infrastructure  Intermediate level is required Excellent communication skills: verbal, written, probing reading You will need to keep up to date with relevant industry technology progress and like to work in an environment where the pace can change but the customers always remain in focus. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GermanTechnicalsupport****DublinNorth_job****