Title: IT Development Manager  SQL Server
Webindex: 68346629
Company: Venturi Ltd
Description: IT Development Manager, Manchester, Microsoft Tools (SSIS, SQL Server) A SQL Development Manager who can lead team of SQL Developers is required for a leading Financial Services company in central Manchester. As the Development Manager you will be tasked with technical leadership and designing system frameworks, project planning, testing and release management and managing a team of developers. Throughout the life cycle of system implementation, you will typically oversee building business plans, strategic direction, and standards. Furthermore, you will work with the IT teams the rest of the business to ensure application requirements are understood and translated into technical solutions. As the Development Manager you have come from a strong Microsoft SQL Development (TSQL/SSIS/SSRS/SSAS) background as well as experience in ASP.NET, C and VB.NET. Key Experience  ****5 years as a Development Manager  Extremely Strong Team Management /Leadership skills  Strong SQL/MS Development background (SSIS, TSQL,)  System Architecture /Solution Design  Project planning  Degree Educated  Excellent communication Desirable Experience  Exposure to Financial Services/Debt Management/Legal environment  Prince 2/ ITIL  Microsoft Certifications (MCTS/MCP) This is an excellent opportunity to work within a prestigious organisation that is investing heavily in their systems. This is a hands on role with an opportunity to lead a team as well as influence the direction of the existing architecture and plan projects. A salary of ****k to ****k with an excellent bonus and benefits package is on offer. This client also invests heavily in external training. Venturi is a staffing business dedicated to you, differentiating ourselves in the marketplace by quality of service and candidate delivery. Our highly skilled and experienced staff operate within dedicated markets to give you the best service possible. Venturi markets include Development Design, Business Intelligence, IT Infrastructure Support. Venturi operates as an employment agency and employment business. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we are happy to accept applications from persons of any age for this role.