Title: Web Developer  ASPNet / C / Net
Webindex: 69670901
Company: Fruition IT Resources Limited
Description: Web Developer  ASP.Net / C / .Net Salary up to ****  excellent benefits Norwich, East Anglia Web Development C, ASP.NET, SQL Server Agile methodologies My client is a leading consultancy organisation based in Norwich who are currently seeking a number of Web Developers to be a part of a new team working on new exciting Greenfield projects. Experience required: The ideal candidate will have a technical background and have extensive development skills in C, ASP.NET, SQL Server and web technologies including JQuery, AJAX, HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Skills/experience required:  Developer C/ASP.Net  SQL Server TSQL  Experience with JQuery, AJAX, JavaScript, HTML, CSS  Experience of working in an AGILE environment Highly Beneficial  Understanding of OO design principles  Able to analyse requirements and translate those into product specifications and tests  Meticulous attention to detail, accurate and thorough; delivering high quality output to tight deadlines Responsibilities: Analysis and Design Develop Maintain Software systems to a specification Production of supporting documents Identifying and fixing reported software defects. Unit Testing, Code Review and Implementation Reviews. Version Control, Configuration Control. Liaising with Test team Reporting to Project Manager or nominated Team Leader, escalating problems as required. Providing pre and postsales support Providing advice on feasibility. Providing accurate estimates for work in the domain. Mentoring new staff. Actively participate in functional and nonfunctional testing of software products and documentation. Involvement with database development Maintain and expand knowledge of existing and new technologies related to your job role Assist with performance and scalability testing. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a well established and technology focused organisation that offer great career progression. My client are a forward thinking business that also offer a flexible approach to work. Please send in your CV for immediate consideration.