Title: Web Developers / Senior Web Developers
Webindex: 68838215
Company: Roger Jones Recruitment
Description: Web Developers / Senior Web Developers RJ**** **** to **** Share Options, BUPA & Flextime. Cambridgeshire Strong advanced commercial web software development skills (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) at developer level and considerable experience at senior level will be required for newly created roles as this company expands. This company is looking for outstanding individuals so it is essential that you have indepth web software development skills acquired in a commercial development environment, which will include developing robust, highly optimised and scalable solutions which are compatible with a wide range of clientside browsers. You will also need a good technical, engineering, scientific or mathematical degree. Your background in engineering, science or mathematics will be essential as you will need to be able to gain a full understanding of the technical aspects of clients’ businesses in order to develop the solutions they require. You will be using your strong web software development skills (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) in order to deliver these solutions. You will be using agile techniques, working across the full life cycle of product development, which will include customerfacing design and specification work, development, implementation, testing and ongoing support. Essential Requirements: • A good technical, engineering, scientific or mathematics degree. • Solid advanced software web development in a commercial environment. • Developing bespoke JavaScript controls for interactive UI in a commercial environment. Desirable Requirements: • Current experience of ASP.NET and MVC. • Database programming: MS SQL Server, Oracle, DB**** • Experience of Unit Testing and/or mocking libraries. • Source Control Software, TFS. This company is young and vibrant with an impressive client list within its industry sector. It is profitable with a strong cash base and its strong growth has created a significant number of new vacancies and has recently moved to larger premises locally to accommodate the increased staff numbers. They strive to maintain a friendly and comfortable work environment with flexible working hours, complimentary food and drinks. This is combined with a steady flow of interesting and challenging work leading to a highly motivated team, with a low staff turnover. If this sounds interesting to you and you would like further information, please contact Roger Jones. We specialise in technical recruitment, feel free to call for an informal discussion.