Title: Senior BI Project Manager
Webindex: 68359300
Company: Venturi
Description: Business Intelligence / Data Warehousing / BI / DWH / Project Manager A Business Intelligence Project Manager with a solid background in managing and delivering Enterprise level Business Intelligence Data Warehousing (BI / DWH) project is needed for one of the UKs top Microsoft Business Intelligence Consultancys. As the BI Project Manager you will have extensive experience of leading the delivery of a significant number of Management Information implementations in a variety of large corporate environments. A strong leader, ideally from a background in high quality project delivery would be an ideal fit for this role. Operating as a Consultant for this client you will ideally be based in the London / Greater London area and be willing to travel with the role when required. Key Skills Project Management of Information Management implementations with budgets in excess of 2M Experience of delivering large Business Intelligence or Change Management programmes at large corporate clients. Data Management Architecture, Governance, Quality, Modeling Architectures  a strong understanding of the architectural components (Data Integration, ODS, Data Warehouse, Data Mart, BI Tools, Analytics, Visualisation) PRINCE and Agile SCRUM methodologies This is an excellent time to be joining a Business Intelligence Software Specialist with an enviable client base. A salary between ****  ****  Bens, Bonus Training Development opportunities are also on offer. Venturi is a staffing business dedicated to you, differentiating ourselves in the marketplace by quality of service and candidate delivery. Our highly skilled and experienced staff operate within dedicated markets to give you the best service possible. Venturi markets include Development Design, Business Intelligence, IT Infrastructure Support. Venturi operates as an employment agency and employment business. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we are happy to accept applications from persons of any age for this role. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorBIProjectManager_job****