Title: Web Developer NET MVC Weybridge
Webindex: 68832372
Description: Web Developer .NET MVC Weybridge A global leading technology group based south of Heathrow requires a technology driven Web Developer for their impressive Web Team The Web Developer will be part of a growing team supporting and developing for a wide client based. You will aim to deliver business solutions on an enterprise level and help integrate them into existing service providers. Technical design, development and implementation will be daily tasks, whilst maintaining and creating enhancements will also take an important role in you day to day duties To be considered for the following role you should be able to demonstrate Web Development with the latest .NET technologies including  .NET Framework 4.0  MVC **** & ****  ASP.NET  Team Foundation Server (TFS)  IIS  XML & XLST My client creates an exciting and successful environment that attracts and retains the very best people, so they can move forward and exceed expectations. The client in questions has an impressive portfolio and is a global consulting leader. My client has various sites available throughout the UK, with a vast client base too match. This is an ideal opportunity to join one of the fastest paced development teams striving to work with the latest technologies and some of the most innovative projects in the world. You will be able to take your career path into your own hands, gain knowledge from expert users and create some of the most fantastic products available to the market. Salary: up to ****k  Impressive benefits package. If this of interest, please reply immediately with an up to date CV and I will be in touch immediately. Rullion computer personnel are acting as an employment agency on behalf of the client. Rullions Digital & New media division specialise solely within the Digital Development & New Media arena. Covering a range of disciplines as well as opportunities from Analyst to Director level our indepth knowledge of the Digital New Media arena, the associated disciplines and several core markets allows our consultants to provide accurate advice and various opportunities within a number of bluechip organisations. If you would like to discuss alternative opportunities within the Digital New Media arena please feel free to contact Robert Heseltine ( Click here to contact this recruiter ) for an informal discussion. Rullion Computer Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy