Title: C, SQL Server Programmer
Webindex: 68347352
Company: ClinIntel Ltd
Description: This is an excellent opportunity to join a fast growing technology company within the pharmaceutical industry. An exciting environment that will see you working with world leading expert programmers in our field, assisting some of the world s largest pharmaceutical companies. The successful applicant needs to be able to:  Interpret tasks from high level user requirements.  Write new C, HTML and CSS code to a high quality.  Program applications to specification  Participate in discussions relating to the development and interpretation of code.  Design databases and perform queries using SQL Server 2008  Perform internal demonstrations of the system to internal teams. The key skills are:  23 years visual C.net (to Visual Studio 2010)  12 years CSS programming for FireFox, Internet Explorer and Safari  23 years SQL Server programming (including either SQL Server 2005 or SQL Server 2008) .with these being desirable:  Experience in Web Services and XML  Experience in Agile development methodologies  Experience in requirements gathering and interpretation Essential personal skills and experience:  Experienced team member  Willingness to work in a new and developing business  Adaptable to change  Flexible approach  Ability to quickly learn and retain large amounts of new, often technical information.  Ability to research issues using own initiative  Ability to understand and implement given instructions most of which will be of a technical nature.  Ability to determine when to seek help on issues and when to carry on problem solving using own initiative.  Highly organised to ensure that the workload can be dealt with satisfactorily without detriment to the individual or business unit.  Ability to finish set tasks to deadlines  Ability to meet deadlines with minimal support as well understanding the importance of deadlines and the implications of missing them The suitable candidate for this role must be able to drive or have the ability to make independent travel arrangements due to the semirural location of the office.