Title: NET Support Developer
Webindex: 68806147
Company: I F D S Ltd
Description: About the role As the Support Developer you will be working in a team of 10. The software solution used within the Platform Solutions division is written in VB.NET **** using ASP.NET which fronts a SQL Server 2008 database backend. It is highly configurable for each client via a VB like scripting language and provides custom written tools to manage all aspects of this. This role will initially involve understanding the code base of the system and getting to grips with the configurability of the solution. Ongoing tasks will include the enhancement of configuration to meet initial and ongoing Client requirements, as well as investigation of coding issues within either the core system or configuration. Applicants will also be helping with all aspects of integrating the software with other tools in the company. This will provide exposure to many different technologies. The Ideal Candidate The ideal candidate is highly analytical with 25 years experience in a VB.NET support/development role within the financial services industry. While VB.NET is preferred, other technology experience will also be considered as long as the core software development traits are strong enough. In such a case, training will be provided. Experience of:  VB.NET development (willing to train candidates with related technology experience)  Microsoft SQL server 2005 or later  OO development  XML/XSLT/XSD  Source control systems Useful additional skills:  IIS administration  Design patterns  Configuration Management  Service Oriented Architecture  OCR  Test driven development  Workflow concepts  Knowledge of Java / C  Experience in the wealth management or financial domains  Degree level education or equivalent  Experience in object oriented development techniques including full integration with relational databases  Good team worker  Effective communicator both verbal and written.  Able to work on own initiative  Able to work to tight deadlines  Able to prioritize and multitask Who we are International Financial Data Services (IFDS) is the leading supplier of thirdparty administration and IT services to European investment clients and their customers. Part of a global group and a joint venture between State Street Corporation and DST Systems, our business has grown tenfold since inception in **** and continues with rapid growth today We currently offer state of the art solutions across funds, retirement insurance and investment platforms. We employ over **** staff across the UK, Ireland, Luxembourg, Thailand and Mumbai.