Title: Principal Development Manager
Webindex: 71566373
Company: Rullion IT Plus
Description: Principal Development Manager London Up to ****  competitive benefits package Manager / Development / Prince**** / lead / coordinate A leading organisation currently has an exciting opportunity for a driven support engineer to join their expanding team of highly skilled IT professionals. We looking for an experienced Development Manager who will be responsible for the delivery of the large application solution program. As well as providing highlevel management direction to the technical teams, the role is focused on managing within a fast paced environment. This is a fantastic opportunity for a Principal Development Manager working in a fast paced and competitive environment The Principal Development Manager will have experience of;  Managing application development projects providing an interface between clients / PM's, the lead developers and other technical workstreams such as infrastructure.  Implementing and control the software development processes on the projects  The full development lifecycle  Various software development methodologies. Any experience of DSDM would be advantageous through not essential.  Comfortable conversing freely at a technical level with Solution Architects, Technical Architects, Developers and Testers  Ideally from a technical background but with proven project management skills.  Comfortable in presales environments All applicants will have excellent planning skills with a specific attention for detail. This is a very exciting opportunity to join a large UK company. On offer of employment you will receive a fantastic benefits package and an opportunity that can enable you to develop your career enabling you to succeed to the highest level. To apply please follow the link below or send your CV to george.meliarullion.co.uk Rullion Computer Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/PrincipalDevelopmentManager_job****