Title: Technical Business Engineer (1st, 2nd 3rd line ICT Support) BLUT****
Webindex: 66923719
Company: Blue Octopus Recruitment Limited
Description: Technical Business Engineer (1st, 2nd s Decent Homes Standard. They have also built over **** affordable homes to date and are continuing to do so. They have a substantial neighbourhood presence, with neighbourhood offices in each of their five key towns providing local and accessible housing services and forming hubs for their partnership and community development work. An exciting opportunity has now arisen for a Technical Business Engineer to join them on a permanent, full time basis. Whilst proactively supporting and maintaining the Associations ICT environment, the Technical Business Engineer will provide first, second and third line ICT technical support to internal customers by logging calls, incident and problem management and by keeping users informed of progress through to completion. You will be responsible for ensuring that a quality service is fully available to all staff and other stakeholders and for developing all core applications throughout the company including network and server operating systems management. In order to be successful in this role, candidates must hold or be working towards a computing related qualification such as MCSE, MCP or VCP and have a good understanding of how to maintain a virtualised server environment, specifically VMware. Candidates must have design and working knowledge of the latest Microsoft Windows Server and Desktop Operating Systems along with Backup solutions, diagnostic and associated management applications. Along with the aptitude to develop enhanced project management, you should have both design and working knowledge of managing communications networks and associated applications to include; Ethernet, TCP/IP, Structured category ****e UTP cabling, DHCP, WINS, DNS, Active Directory, Group Policy management, File Replication, Routing and PPTP/L2TP VPN, hardware firewalls and email filtering systems and IP based telecommunication systems. Closing date for applications: ****:00pm (Midday), 1st February 2013 Interviews to be held: Monday 11th February 2013 This is a Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd vacancy who are operating as an employment agency. Once you have clicked to apply for this vacancy, we will then send you more information on the role including a copy of the application form via email