Title: Solution Architect  Financial Services
Webindex: 69669818
Company: Omniarc
Description: Solution Architect  Financial Services  to ****k plus Bonus and Benefits Main Purpose of Role Serve as the technical lead on projects involving solution implementation. Focusing on solution design, and leveraging standard methodologies, core competencies, best practices and capabilities, the solution architect guides and advises the development project team, and client (or client facing team) helping to scope and define the solution. Understand internal and external customer needs, designing solutions that allow customers to implement systems for their technology business applications. This involves performing system modeling, analysis and planning to implement a solution that will meet business needs within financial budget guidelines. This may include researching software and hardware products or services, and finding best solutions and prices to meet business requirements. In most cases, the architect presents and translates the design to customers to ensure the design will meet the customers requirements. Act as bridge between Enterprise Architecture and the Development teams. The Solution Architect will assist the development teams in designing a solution that meets both the needs of the project/client but is also in accordance with the guidance of the architectural governance, and leads any discussions or adjustments required as part of this. Serve as the technical lead in the bid process (for new business), again guiding and advising in the choice of solution design and helping estimate effort and duration of the proposed solution. Key Tasks Accountabilities Design solutions to meet business requirements and agree service levels. Produce documentation to agreed standards (for example UML) to support this Lead the development project teams in helping to implement the solution design. Set the direction for the team by establishing a project vision of the solution. Use a range of techniques as required to ensure the project team is able to deliver; for example coaching, mentoring, reviews, facilitation of workshops, decision making, technical training and so on. This will frequently be as the technical consultant role on a DSDM agile team, in accordance with agile SDLC Present and explain the solution design as required to clients, internal or external, on behalf of the project team, ensuring technical terms and detail are fully understood by both technical and nontechnical participants Provide architectural and design guidance to the development project teams, ensuring the solution designed is delivered, and meets the needs of Enterprise Architecture standards as well as the client and project team needs. However in doing so also achieve the balance required to allow the project team to adapt the design as more information becomes available Interact with the Enterprise Architecture team to ensure the relevant architecture guidance is understood, appropriate to solutions and help drive any change in strategy as required Participate and advise in the provision of estimates for size, effort and duration. Support the bid process for new business, acting as technical lead on input required to produce responses to client tenders and advising on likely designs, scope, constraints and costs Retain technical knowledge and best practice to a high standard, allowing the solution architect role to inspire coworkers to attain goals and pursue excellence Work with the Principal Solution Architect to identify, revise and enhance software development lifecycle procedures and best practices relating to solution design and ensure these are followed Provide reports and metrics to the Principal Solution Architect  Head of System Design and Methodology as required Actively promote and champion Solution Architecture best practices and principles within the business and seek feedback on the effectiveness of these with the goal of looking to continuously improve Essential: Solution design, including expert level knowledge of at least one of the following: RDBMS (SQL Server, Oracle etc) ETL (WebSphere, Informatica, SSIS etc) ntier software solutions (Microsoft stack) Experience with different types of functional requirements, ideally user stories but also more traditional styles If you feel you meet these requirements then please send in your CV for consideration. Please call to discuss in more detail. Omniarc Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Omniarc Ltd is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds.