Title: Principal Database Engineer
Webindex: 70455907
Company: Alexander Ash Consulting Ltd
Description: Principal Database Engineer My client who are an international online retailer are searching for a Principal Database Engineer. This is the top technical position responsible for all aspects of the Relational OLTP Databases, BI, ETL, Data warehousing, Structured and nonstructured data. As a Principal you will work alongside the delivery team and a core of **** other principals forming the technical governance for all Engineering and the continued improvement of tools, processes and technologies. Principal Database Engineer The education and enactment of the Reference architecture across the Product development team and third party suppliers. To act as a technical reference point for members of the team and to provide guidance, mentoring and skills development for the members of the team. Support the team in the planning estimating and design of solution in accordance with best practice and the reference architecture. Setting and maintaining Coding standards and development practices. Working with the Technical Team Leads to develop a Technical lead community responsible for the furtherment of the Technical Team Lead role Active member of the Product development Management team, working with the team to improve and maintain the strategic and operational goals of Product Development. Work as an ambassador for the technical and engineering capability both internally and externally A keen advocate of quality and continual improvement; an agent of change. Work closely with the Development Team managers to ensure that training and career development of the Technical staff is aligned with the technology road map and reference architecture. Principal Database Engineer Technologies: SQL (TSQL), Software design patterns Performance orientated design/domain driven design/SOA. Enterprise wide system design (Transactional/Merge Replication, SQL Service Broker) Designing database systems with 99.9% availability and uptime Broader Base of knowledge on the following technologies: Experience of nonrelational data patterns and management (nosql) Experience of Cloud based data storage Database Table Partitioning and Data Compression High Availability  Clustering, Mirroring, SQL Server running on VM SQL Server BI Tools  SSRS/SSIS/SSAS Physical Server Design and database optimized SAN/Drive alignment Principal Database Engineer