Title: Training Outreach Mentor
Webindex: 69018922
Company: Focus Resourcing
Description: We are seeking an individual who can work independently, capable of working directly with business, academics and with a wide range of stakeholders and partners for a technological client of ours. The purpose of the post is to drive engagement and contribute to the delivery across South Wales, developing and linking industrial and academic user communities. The Training and Outreach Mentor will assist enterprises, identifying and realising opportunities for innovation and skills development and work in support of the technical services offered by the organisation. This is an outward facing and development role where working directly with users and potential users to develop their knowledge and skills will be important to the success of the project and its longer term sustainability. Main Duties To be responsible for raising the awareness of the benefits and opportunities arising from the use of high performance and technical computing and the support available To develop user communities across the Welsh Government Priority Sectors and around the Hub/Tier centres. To work closely with the Business Development Manager delivering assistance to enterprises and user groups and Hub/Tier sites. To liaise and maintain a network of contacts within parallel initiatives, intermediary organisations and stakeholders across Wales, especially in the Priority Sectors in order to maximise the engagement and impact of the organisation. To be responsible for the delivery of specific targets and KPIs, to capture and record information from beneficiary enterprises and participants as required for Funds and reports to funding bodies. To work with other members of the core team to develop and keep up to date the client management and relationship strategy. To secure partnerships and distinct projects that will make use of and add to the services and infrastructure. To ensure successful case studies are captured and used for the Marketing and Communications Strategy which will drive interest in and usage, increasing the level of enquires to achieve the projects deliverables. To undertake proactive development and delivery of outreach programmes. With a focus on the needs of Small and Medium Enterprises, to lead the development and delivery of training and skills resources for existing and potential users