Title: Network Engineer  Security
Webindex: 71336159
Company: Estio Technology Recruitment
Description: New role for a Network Engineer  Security working for a large corporate company in Leeds City Centre, this is a professional services company who invest heavily in their IT every year. Excellent opportunity to join a growing company where you can progress and be challenged with new projects each day. The role will be working as a Network Engineer  Security, you will safeguard the teams within the data security and lead the security area for technical design, management and interaction with IT Risk team. You will manage the WAN, LAN, Firewalls, Wireless, Proxy and Security systems Globally. The job holder will deal with Security for the company, you will lead the cyber hardening discipline and prevent IT Security breach with the IT Security and Risk team. You will Conduct investigations and analyse security reports to check the company security position, ensure security best practices are applied and proactively improve security were possible. Design/configure a range of security products according the security in line with ISO 27001 standards. Provide management with risk assessments and IT security briefings to advise them of critical issues that may affect customer or corporate security issues. You will also engage with the IT risk team, implement security systems, engage with security partners and ensure improvements are been made and standards are met at all times. Alongside the security matters you will also deal with Network and Security team delivering a live network and security environment. You will support the network and security systems, such as Global resilient MPLS,WAN network, datacentre and office LANs, WAN acceleration, Wireless infrastructure, Firewalls, DMZ infrastructures, two factor authentication systems, VPN solutions, Proxy Servers, Webfiltering products. Take ownership and resolve incidents and problems. Provide IT Service desk with regular updates on any ongoing incidents which are medium or high impact where multiple users are affected. Operate within the boundaries of the Change Control policy when carrying out work/changes on the live environment. Create system support documentation and document procedures of a routine nature to enable seamless pickup of tasks in times of crisis Candidates will be confident in networks and security and have a full undersntading of the cyber network threats and an in depth knowledge of security procedures and policies. You will have at least five years experience in: Networking and security principles and design, Design of Firewall and DMZ security infrastructures, Support of International LAN/WAN infrastructures, including WAN, Acceleration, VoIP and Quality of service, Wireless technologies, Two factor authentication systems, PKI/Certificate infrastructures. It is anticipated candidates will also be CCNP and CCSP and have, Cisco ASA Firewalls, Palo Alto Firewalls, Checkpoint Firewalls, Juniper Firewalls, Cisco Switches (Cisco Catalyst **** **** Nexus), Cisco Routers ( Cisco **** **** **** series)MPLS, VPN's, BGP, EIRGP Quality of Service and Vlans, Cisco Wireless infrastructure (Wireless Controllers, WCS server), Riverbed Steelhead and Interceptors, Cisco Access Control Server (ACS) and Network monitoring tools. Candidates will be offered an excellent salary with attractive benefits package and ongoing career progression and support.