Title: SAP Technical Manager
Webindex: 68633807
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Objective: To manage the provision of a set of technical services that enables the SAP Solution to be operated effectively To manage the provision of services to support the further exploitation of SAP delivering both continuous improvement and further business transformation To manage the strategic development of the SAP Technical Teams capabilities and service offerings to meet business needs Key Accountabilities: Takes overall responsibility for the management and direction of SAP Technical Teams services. Acts as head of resolution group for production SAP Technical problems, ensuring production application support is available. Ensures production support available for SAP solution. Facilitates provision of estimates for project work. Sustains quality of project work and service provision to agreed SLAs. Develops the operational strategy for the SAP Technical Team, in consultation with Executives and other key stakeholders, modifying services accordingly. Grows the capability of the SAP Application to fulfil this strategy and meet future business needs. Leads the development of relationships inside and outside of the business in order to deliver the agreed strategy. Manages the SAP Technical Teams own continuous improvement agenda to increase responsiveness to business needs. Agrees SAP Technical Teams business objectives, performance measures and any associated Service Level Agreements. Identify and implement improvements to the operational application support service and have a proven track record of managing 3rd party suppliers under a managed service scenario. Manages quality of project work and application support to agreed SLAs. Provide leadership to the technical support team regarding SAP support and development best practice along with ensuring skills development. Controls the SAP Technical Team budget. Experience:In order to succeed in this role it is expected that you will have: Business experience in consultancy or other similar role Experience of SAP R/3 implementations in at least one bluechip company Indepth knowledge of core requirements to setup maintain SAP environment Broad experience utilities industry IS management experience gained from managing a technical support team Sound understanding of applications, application interfacing and architectural models Excellent knowledge of Integrated ERP solutions Good knowledge of CRM and SDM solutionsCapabilities:In order to succeed in this role it is expected that you will have: The ability to lead and motivate the Technical Support team. The ability to collaborate with technical and nontechnical individuals across a variety of IS and business functions. Capability to effectively influence and negotiate. The ability to understand the customers perspective and aspires to delight the customer. A can do attitude and an appropriate sense of urgency. The ability to work without direct supervision.