Title: IT Operations Manager  Market Leading Pharmaceutical Company
Webindex: 71565156
Company: ninesharp
Description: My client, a prestigious pharmaceutical organisation based in London, is looking for an IT Operations Manager to join their highly successful team. My client is extremely well reputed with a strong customer base and track record and this is a fantastic opportunity to join one of the UK's most renowned organisations at a time when you can become a integral part of the IT team moving forward. This is a 'hands on' Management role where you will be responsible for leading a small team as well as providing strategic IT vision and acting as an escalation point for 3rd Line Support Engineers. Key Responsibilities:  Manage the IT Operations team, setting standards of performance and objectives in line with service objectives and ensure that these are achieved through the application of performance management.  Act as a technical authority, providing expertise to both team members and the wider IT community.  Liaise with business management, staff, external customers and suppliers to ensure that the IT infrastructure is operated in line with service level agreements  Ensure that the design and operation of the IT infrastructure is appropriate to meet the performance, availability and reliability requirements of the business. Essential skills:  Experience within the pharmaceutical sector  PLEASE DO NOT APPLY IF YOU DO NOT HAVE THIS EXPERIENCE AS YOU WILL NOT BE CONTACTED OR CONSIDERED  Excellent understanding of Microsoft (Windows) infrastructure  Servers, Exchange, Active Directory etc.  A desire to stay abreast of new technologies  my client is constantly investing in new technology and the IT Operations Manager will act as a driving force during implementations.  Ability to plan, implement and support IT infrastructure in a complex multidivisional, international environment.  Ability to assimilate quickly diverse new technologies.  Team player with the ability to motivate and educate other team members in principles of service delivery excellence.  Strong business acumen and excellent communication skills Desirable Skills:  Microsoft Certified (MCSE, MCSA, MCITP etc)  Strong knowledge of ITIL (ideally ITIL qualified)  VM Ware  Citrix  SAN This is a great time for an IT Operations Manager to join the team, as there are several extremely interesting projects in the pipeline and the successful IT Operations Manager will have the opportunity to grow within a market leader. Please forward CV's to h.tinkerninesharp.co.uk ASAP for immediate consideration, as interviews could take place as early as next week. To gain access to exciting career opportunities prior to the wider market, feel free to add me to your LinkedIn network. Search for 'Hugh Tinker' and you can easily find me. Tags: IT Operations Manager, IT Manager, Ops Manager, Infrastructure, Windows, Exchange, Active Directory, Microsoft, MS, VMWare, VM Ware, Virtulisation, VCP, BackupExec, SAN, Support, ITIL, MCSE, MCSA, MCITP This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITOperationsManagerMarketLeadingPharmaceuticalCompany_job****