Title: SMTC Messaging Engineer
Webindex: 69022856
Company: SCC
Description: Compelling reason to apply: We have a new exciting opportunity for a SMTC Messaging Engineer within our ever expanding business. This is a fantastic opportunity for the right candidate to work within Europe s largest privately owned IT group. SCC is the fastest growing division of Specialist Computer Holdings Europe s largest independent IT services group. We supply computer hardware and services to small/medium sized commercial organisations, nationwide. As a company with a rich track record of delivering flexible and cost effective managed services, working with both private and public sector clients, this position is suited to an already successful consultant who wants to be part of a vibrant and progressive business. Are you looking for  a secure and stable career with longevity, recognition and opportunity? As Europe s leading privately owned technology solutions provider, we can offer you exactly that. Our people are passionate, focussed, driven, determined, flexible and motivated and are richly rewarded for their commitment. If this sounds like what you re looking for, then we look forward to meeting you. Main Duties: Providing support for all Data Centre clients with emphasis on messaging technologies. Proactive Platform Management 4****% (e.g. management of technology platforms, creating designs) Technical Support 40% (e.g. responding to incidents, implementing change controls) Technology/Solution management 10% (e.g. ongoing technical awareness  accreditation) Administration 5% (e.g. maintenance of documentation and processes) Skills, Knowledge & Experience: Essential The applicant must have 5  10 years experience of providing technical support to enterprise clients. Specialising in the messaging arena the individual will require implementation, troubleshooting and some design skills in enterprise messaging products and complimentary products. Core Skills will include: Windows 2003 /**** Server. Highly skilled in Exchange **** and 2010 Active Directory Desirable  Skills in Lync    OCS Skills in Symantec Enterprise Vault