Title: Program Project Manager  Global Technology Company
Webindex: 72449059
Company: Sophos Plc
Description: Company overview Sophos is focused on delivering the best IT security and data protection for businesses. Today Sophos products protect over **** businesses and 100 million users, in more than 150 countries. Sophos understands what it takes to keep businesses secure and this is why Sophos is recognized globally by its Customers and Analysts alike, as leaders in what it does. The key to the Sophos success story is its people…. Sophos is built on a foundation of world class talent, who have developed long standing careers with the company. Sophos believes it’s employees are the company’s best asset…and is therefore continuously seeking to acquire high calibre talent which will contribute towards the continual growth, innovation and success of the Sophos global brand. The opportunity Due to continuing company success and expansion plans, Sophos is seeking to appoint an experienced Program/Project Management professional. The Program Manager role is dedicated to driving Sophos’s capacity, effectiveness and agility in successfully delivering multiple product/system/commercial related programs across all business functions. This critical business operations role places particular emphasis on partnering with key business stakeholders to conceptualise and manage business programs/projects (from business consultation to ‘go live’ delivery), ensuring program delivery within agreed timeline, budget and business need/scope. This is a challenging systems/commercial/business change opportunity, which requires strong program/project delivery expertise; in order to successful deliver a diverse range of business critical projects (technical/systems/commercial/change management) inline with the needs of a fast paced and high growth global company. Key responsibilities:  Partnering with key business stakeholder groups to scope, define and deliver mission critical global programs.  Ensure that relevant stakeholders have been identified and consulted before commitment is made to new investment ideas  Lead and drive the program plans / virtual teams to achieve efficient delivery in accordance with agreed program specification, on time and with quality.  Review program/project plans in order to ensure optimization against overall business goals.  Define key project milestones and contiously review the solution against current and future business needs. (Ensure processes are operated flexibly and aligned to business goals of agility, velocity, quality and balance).  Monitor and provide regular program status updates to key stakeholders and be the single point of contact for program status updates. “… this is a unique global opportunity for an experienced Program Management expert, wishing to drive ‘real impact’ within a fast paced, growing and truly innovative organisation…” The candidate profile The successful candidate will utilise an extremely professional and consultative approach with the ability to forge strong internal/external relationships and deliver results within a fast paced/commercial business operations function. The position of Program Manager is a creative but delivery focused role, which requires a proactive and innovative working practice in order to deliver inline with critical business objectives. Essential:  Extensive proven experience of developing and delivering mission critical, commercial programs within a global organisation (business consultation to ‘go live’ delivery.  Expert knowledge of defining, implementing and evaluating large scale, business critical projects within a fast paced and changing business environment.  Experience of global virtual team and stakeholder management.  Strong experience of working in collaboration with commercial and technical stakeholder groups.  Experience of developing effective project plans, defining project controls/milestones and delivery forecasting. Assessing performance against defined objectives and delivery within set timeframes.  A Program Management expert, with strong business acumen and the ability to forge and maintain effective internal/external relationships. Combining commercial, technical and systems knowledge/approach to produce high value results.  Working within a global organisation, driving strategy and activity across different locations and time zones. Desirable:  A degree level education or equivalent experience  A professional program/project management qualification, Prince **** or equivalent experience  Knowledge and/or experience of the IT Security industry (including an appreciation of the operational practices, business functionalities and competitive landscape). Commitment to Sophos employees – Corporate benefits career development strategy Sophos believe in career progression and therefore significantly invests in structured training programs to promote employee success, personal growth and development. The training programs are supported by a defined career roadmap and excellent long term opportunities. Sophos also provides an outstanding benefits package to support employee wellbeing  including private healthcare, group pension scheme, profit related bonus (in addition to excellent performance related commission structure), life assurance/illness/travel insurance and an excellent subsidised restaurant facility. Sophos is an Equal Opportunities employer. Only successful applicants will be contacted for interview. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProgramProjectManagerGlobalTechnologyCompany_job****