Title: Digital Partner ( Business Intelligence)
Webindex: 67614951
Company: Digital Personnel
Description: Global Marketing Analytics Agency requires a Digital Partner to support a variety of clients from their London office paying a competitive salary of up to **** The Digital Partner will report to a Managing Partner and will be an integral part of the senior management team focusing on strategy, growth and the management of the company as a whole. The Partner will also be responsible for heading up a team / division of analytics and will drive strategy to grow the agency’s brand and market share. Key deliverables of the role will include; advancing client / internal relationships / communications, business development, people management and measurement of success. Key responsibilities will include; ensuring that the agency’s procedures and working practices are implemented, data analysis, building econometric models, production of presentations, attending internal and external meetings and taking personal managerial responsibility for Econometric staff to Associate Director level. Key skills required;  Experience of working within a marketing / business intelligence environment.  High level of experience working with digital analytical software (e.g. Google Analytics, Omniture, SiteCatalyst, Coremetrics, etc.)  High level of experience working with Google Adwords and other paid search platforms.  Senior level experience in measuring and analysing online marketing campaigns including: SEO and PPC, Email, Affiliate, VOD, Display and Social.  Experience in working with website optimisation tools.  Experience in developing online (and offline) attribution models. The agency is a leading marketing analytics business that is part of a large media network. They have pioneered the use of econometrics to measure the sales effectiveness of media and marketing activities for 40 years specialising in bespoke, indepth analysis and consultancy which enables marketers to achieve their brand objectives. They specialise in providing clients with the strategic and tactical advice necessary to optimise the ROI from all marketing activities and to maximise profitable sales. A generous starting salary plus a range of benefits is on offer including healthcare, season ticket loan, gym discounts and many other fun social events. This is a great opportunity for someone at a senior level to head up an analytics team within one of the world's leading research and insight consultancies Please do not hesitate to apply for further information Digital Personnel is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Digital Personnel is a specialist recruitment consultancy supporting the digital media market, developing recruitment partnerships with innovative interactive businesses on a global scale. Digital Personnel supply the talent so that our clients can focus on creating and implementing online marketing strategies that continue to push the boundaries within this everevolving industry.