Title: C Developer  Net **** WCF, SQL Server
Webindex: 71444440
Company: Ashdown Group
Description: C Developer  .Net **** WCF, SQL Server, Accreditations Available A talented C Developer is required by a global organisation that is based in the Barnes area of SouthWest London. The Company This organisation has been established for over 100 years and has a truly international presence. Purely from an IT perspective, this organisation utilises the very latest available technologies from Microsoft and this year will see the business migrate to platforms and software such as Windows Server 2012, SharePoint 2013, and SQL Server 2012. To facilitate these projects, the organisation invests heavily in technical training and the latest Microsoft and related accreditations. Candidates joining this business also tend to stay for many years due to the technical opportunities and other benefits that are available to staff. The Role In this role the primary responsibility of the successful candidate will be to work on all three tiers of a new C.Net web application that will make use of SharePoint 2013, MS Dynamics and SQL Server 2012. Other planned projects include upgrading other applications to the latest versions of SharePoint and Dynamics as well as multiple adhoc projects. To assist the successful candidate, it is anticipated that you will be sent on formalised training courses in the previously mentioned technologies. In this role you will join a team of 5 internal Web Developers. Essential Requirements Suitable candidates will need to be talented .Net Web Developers with experience in C, XML, SQL Server and WCF. You will be joining an Agile development team and therefore previous experience in an Agile development environment is extremely desirable. This organisation will be selecting suitable candidates based on talent/potential, rather than years served as a developer or professional qualifications and they will be able to help plug any gaps in your technical expertise with training and the objective of achieving qualifications. This is a lively team of developers and as such, it is highly likely that the successful candidate will reflect this in their communication style. The role is offering a basic starting salary up to **** plus a comprehensive range of additional benefits. To apply for this role, please clearly outline all your relevant skills and experience. Where possible, please use reference ASH****TP in the Subject Line of your application. The Ashdown Group Ltd acts as an employment agency in respect of permanent vacancies and as an employment business in respect of temporary vacancies.