Title: PHP Developer / LAMP / HTML / CSS / ecommerce / Drupal
Webindex: 67903607
Company: Searchability  Ltd
Description: PHP Developer  LAMP / HTML / CSS / ecommerce / Drupal / WordPress / Linux Searchability are proud to be working alongside a successful Leeds based digital marketing agency undergoing a rapid period of expansion. They require a graduate PHP Developer, skilled in the LAMP stack, and also experienced in handcoding HTML and CSS. A good grasp of ecommerce platforms including Drupal, WordPress and Magento is also required. The company are looking for a Junior PHP Developer who is keen to work for a leading digital agency and to kickstart their career. The Package. Salary: Up to ****K  Health Insurance  Pension  Complimentary refreshments The Company. This company is a innovative and dynamic digital marketing agency with a great track record of success. They pride themselves with delivering focused and relevant digital communications, both look and feel great and understanding their clients brand and business ambitions. They are looking to secure the talents of an graduate level PHP Developer with a experience in using the LAMP stack, who is also able to handcode HTML and CSS , and who understands ecommerce platforms including Drupal, WordPress and Magento. The company have a very outgoing culture and they encourage the work hard, play hard mentality. They invest into training their staff to a high level and offer great career prospects to entry level candidates. The Role. This is very much a handson PHP Development role and it is important that you have the strong LAMP abilities, understanding of ecommerce platforms such as Drupal, WordPress and Magento in addition to the ability to handcode HTML and CSS. The successful PHP Developer will work on a mixture of exciting projects, while developing endtoend internet development solutions of varying scope. The Skills. Degree educated to a high level (****:**** or higher) in a computing discipline Strong LAMP skills PHP Understanding of ecommerce platforms like Drupal, WordPress and Magento Ability to handcode HTML and CSS The Desirable Skills. Strong communication skills Ability to manage own workload Teamplayer who engages with their peersContact. Please call Martin Blythe on (Apply online only) or (Apply online only) for further information regarding the company, culture and role. Please apply now to register your interest in this vacancy. Also feel free to take a look at (url removed) which is our new online candidate portal to help assist with your job search and online presence. To celebrate the launch of our brand new (url removed) website we re giving away a FREE brand new iPad mini to every candidate we successfully place into a new role, upon completion of their first month with the company. And that s not all  if you refer our services to a friend or colleague and we go on to place them into a new position, then we ll give you a miniiPad as well. It s that simple. So if you know anyone who could benefit from our services then please let us know by emailing so you can be considered for future or alternative roles in your location. Feel free to add me to your professional network on LINKEDIN or follow us on twitter SearchabilityUK for the latest recruitment news or we_Recruit for the latest Technical Roles across all agencies & direct employers. Key Skills: PHP / LAMP / HTML / CSS / ecommerce / Drupal / WordPress / Linux