Title: Acceptance into Service/ Assurance Lead (Transition, ITIL)
Webindex: 70099781
Company: Interquest Group
Description: Acceptance into Service/ Assurance Lead (Transition, Acceptance into Service, transition, integration, ITIL V****) Acceptance/Assurance Manager (Acceptance into Service, transition, integration, ITIL V****) Sand Resources has an excellent opportunity available for a high calibre Acceptance/Assurance Team Lead with extensive experience of managing complex IT Services for a large client in London. The candidate should have strong experience working in the private sector. Acceptance/Assurance Team Lead role: •Provide an appropriate engagement for Portfolio and Project Management (PPM) into Service Management. •Accepting and integrating services into the live environment. •Run conformity checks at key stages throughout the project. •Provide the Service Management acceptance requirements and provide assurance in meeting those requirements. •Assist in shaping AIS best practice and processes. •Provide delivery teams a single point of contact from within Service Management to ensure that service requirements are identified and addressed throughout in the project lifecycle. •Liaise with other parts of service management and its stakeholders to resolve any areas of risk and to provide recommendations and/or escalation. •Raise potential risks/issues associated with projects to Service Management with mitigating plans. •Ensure that Service Management have an effective mechanism for bringing new or amended services into the production environment. •Ensure projects/work packages are suitably designed for Service Management. •Produce regular Management Information (MI) reporting. Acceptance into Acceptance/Assurance Team Lead Experience: •Experience of managing suppliers in a multisupplier environment •Experience of accepting and integrating service into the live environment. •ITIL Foundation qualification, desirable ITIL V**** •Strong experience of working with Stakeholders. •Strong practical experience of operational Service Management. Please send your CV for immediate consideration and a full job description. Sand Resources is an equal opportunity employer committed to a policy of treating all employees and job applicants equally. It is our aim to take all reasonable steps to employ and promote on the basis of ability and qualifications without regard to race, religion, colour, sex, age, national origin, disability or sexual orientation. Our recruitment takes place based only on skills and experience of the candidates. Sand Resources is acting as an employment business in relation to this vacancy.