Title: IT Operations Team Leader (Linux, Networking, Juniper)
Webindex: 71593413
Company: Marlin McCabe
Description: IT Operations Team Leader (Linux, Networking, Juniper) My client is looking for TWO IT Operations Team Leaders with a Linux background to work in London. They are looking for a very diverse individual that enjoys learning working with many different technologies and has led teams within a similar technical environment. A Linux background is what is required with good networking, ideally Juniper. (**** hour shift patterns  4 days on, 4 days off  no nights or weekends) To manage a team of IT Operations Engineers who are assisting with incident and problem management (ITIL), resolving issues related to Linux, Networking, VMWare, and Windows. Redhat Enterprise Linux Version 6, Juniper EX and SRX hardware, Arista Switches, VMWare and Windows 2008 server/domains technology. A proven track record in managing IT operation Engineers who are supporting large server estates is essential. Knowledge of Kickstart and Puppet is essential. Experience of managing Linux Servers (both physical and virtual using ESXi). Good Scripting, BASH, Perl, PHP or Ruby preferred. Good monitoring and handson experience of enterprise monitoring applications, ideally ITRS Genos and Orion Solarwinds. Package Management including RPM creation and RPM deployment using software repositories. Understanding of TCP/IP Networking, ideally including Multicast, tcpdump/wireshark and resolving network and application connectivity issues Knowledge and experience of supporting iSCSI based SAN storage (Netapp).Knowledge of and experience with HP technologies such as DL****xx. Experience of working within an ITIL environment, preferably ITIL foundation. This is a handsoff Team Leader role. The ideal applicant should come from a similar technical background but must have managed in the last couple of positions. Key skills: Redhat Linux (ESXi), Juniper, VMware, Windows, Kickstart, Puppet, BASH, Perl, PHP, Ruby, Solarwinds, TCP/IP, Multicast, SAN Marlin McCabe Ltd will consider applications based only on skills and ability and will not discriminate on any grounds.