Title: Programme/ Project Manager
Webindex: 69249981
Company: OnlineMediaExperts Ltd 
Description: We are looking for an experienced, Prince **** accredited Project Manager for the managed service contract that RM provides to Aberdeen College across a number of sites. As Programme Manager you will work as part of the management team to deliver project management of the development service for the college. The College are looking to implement a number of strategic change projects in addition to the continual service improvement projects. You will coordinate and manage most of these projects directly with responsibility for the full lifecycle of these projects, scoping and using additional resources as appropriate. If you have experience of successfully delivering as a Project Manager in a multiproject environment, then this is an exciting opportunity to join RM, voted Britain s Top IT Employer for 2012, for one of our most highprofile managed service contracts. Good technical knowledge of the IT industry would be an advantage. Key responsibilities To provide expert project/programme management and take overall responsibility for managing a number of critical projects within the College Project. The Job Holder will be recognised as having the ability to successfully deliver in a multiproject environment. For each of these projects the Project Manager will be responsible for:  Identifying project resource requirements and selecting and securing the project team members.  Working with project teams to produce plans and schedules for delegated projects.  Identifying and monitoring project issues and risks.  Ensuring that they are resolved at appropriate steering forums up to and including Director Level.  Monitoring progress against the project plan, reporting slippage, proposing and implementing remedial actions.  Ensuring project status is communicated to all stakeholders.  Ensuring customer satisfaction for the products the projects deliver.  To work with the Service Delivery Manager Regional Head of Service on developing improvement proposals where project management is required.  To provide input into the strategy for delivering the Aberdeen College programme Skills experience  Proven project management skills with a track record of successfully managing multidiscipline project teams and meeting cost, time and quality targets.  Experience of working within a commercial Service Delivery organisation  Extremely presentable to customers with the ability to articulate complex scenarios clearly and with authority.  Ability to delegate responsibilities and actions to staff throughout the business including more senior staff.  Capable of independent decision making with excellent judgement being applied.  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills  Strong negotiation and influencing skills Benefits You would be entitled to the following benefits: 25 Days Annual Leave (option to buy an extra 5 days) Personal Company related Bonus Scheme Group Personal Pension Private Medical Healthcare Income Protection Life Assurance The following voluntary benefits are also available: Childcare Vouchers Cycle to Work Scheme Give As You Earn (GAYE) Employee Referral Scheme Voluntary Dental Plan Voluntary Health Cash Plan Voluntary Critical Illness Cover Voluntary Health Assessments More Information If you d like more information about our roles or working for RM, login to RM Talk via our careers homepage on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays between ****  1.30pm and chat live to a member of our recruitment team