Title: Lead Security Architect
Webindex: 68823898
Company: ARM
Description: My client is dynamic, pioneering, inspiring and has the ability to transforms lives as a major online gaming organisation. With more than **** retailers nationwide to help them achieve their goals, run the world's most successful website and operate four of the UK's biggest brands. They are now looking for a Lead Security Architect to join their team. The Information Security department is responsible for facilitating the secure delivery of the organisations services and products. The team provides technical engineering, operational management, consultancy and integration across the core network technology areas, and it is their role to make Information Security relevant, simple and transformational. The successful Lead Security Architect will be responsible for: 'Assessing all projects and initiatives for 'fit' against security strategy, architecture and policies, working to resolve nonconformance with the project. 'Identify and mitigate risk and exposure associated with any project or delivery initiative. 'Act as a trusted source of technical security expertise, providing leadership and guidance to all business areas in their strategic planning and project development lifecycle. 'Liaise and interface with the business, architects and analysts to ensure that the security strategy and architecture supports future business objectives and requirements. 'Support the creation and delivery of the Information Security strategy. 'Ensure that compliance, governance, legal and regulatory obligations are met. 'Manage and monitor compliance to all relevant company and regulatory policies including completion of any mandatory training or certification requirements. 'Ensure that the company's controls and countermeasures are appropriate and fit for purpose, providing the highest levels of confidentiality, integrity and availability of key information assets. 'Drive security awareness throughout all levels of the organisation. 'Maintain personal accountability for ensuring confidentiality, integrity and availability of key systems and player data. 'Ongoing management of core compliance obligations (PCIDSS, WLA & ISO27001). 'Provide thought leadership in the analysis, feasibility, design, prototyping, assurance and implementation of strategic security solutions. 'Maintain industry awareness of current and emerging threats ensuring that they are assessed and mitigated prior to causing business impact. The successful candidate will be a highly capable and motivated professional with a deep knowledge of core security technologies. You will have strong technical skills and the ability to exhibit a desire to adapt to their work ethic and begin building relationships with peers and stakeholders alike. You are an SME  across Information Security and related disciplines and can assist with the secure design and implementation of project and business initiatives. You collaborate  and influence Architecture and the wider business at every stage of the project and BAU work to assure the delivery of secure solutions that meet business requirements. You are Proactive  Working as part of the wider Architecture teams to deliver new, secure solutions to the business which may be locally hosted or remotely hosted (e.g. Cloud based, SaaS etc.). You are Solutions Driven  Using your technical knowledge and experience to assist the business in designing and influencing solutions that maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our systems. The successful candidate will: Ability to demonstrate advanced understanding in the field of Information Security in terms of both concepts and technology, within a similar role Management, deployment and/or design experience of core security technologies (e.g. firewalls, IDS, SIEM, IPS and endpoint security controls). Experience in either performing or managing network, host and web application penetration assessments. Experience with Information Security issues in a web application development environment (application security assessments and tools including code analysis). Experience with information security issues on common technologies and platforms e.g. SQL, UNIX, Apache and Windows. Experience of security governance and compliance (e.g. DPA, PCIDSS, ISO27001). Ability to articulate complex technical or sensitive issues to a wide audience is essential. An excellent level of attention to detail and a strong sense of ownership. Knowledge of security on SAP and Java web application programming is desirable Information security management qualifications such as CISSP or CISM is an advantage. Ability to work on an oncall basis (usually 1 week on, 3 weeks off). This is a golden opportunity to join a major online gaming organisation, offering exceptional long term career opportunities, a very good salary and superb benefits. For the best selection of IT Security positions please do not hesitate to contact Gaynor Franklin at Advanced Resource Managers on [blocked] or email gaynor.franklinarm.co.uk This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. Our industry coverage includes, but is not limited to: Infrastructure and Built Environment, IT (including Security, Communications, Seas, ERP, IT Sales, and more) Oil and Gas, Defence, Engineering and Technology, Technical Sales, Energy, Space, Telecommunications, Manufacturing and much, much more. We will never send your CV without your permission.