Title: Web Developer  East Grinstead, West Sussex
Webindex: 66197452
Company: YourRecruit
Description: Job Title: Web Developer Location: East Grinstead, West Sussex Salary: &pound****  &pound**** negotiable Job Type: Permanent Fulltime &nbsp &nbsp Description: Do you have solid experience of designing and developing websites with dynamic content? Are you looking for work in an exciting and fastpaced software development organisation? Then we want to speak to you Skills: ASP.Net, C, XML, Web Services, WinForms, SQL, HTML, CSS. The Role: Is working for a significant software development organisation that can offer fantastic career progression, and an exciting and fastpaced working environment. They have recently won a large contract with a global hospitality client therefore they are looking for candidates with solid website design and development skills, who are looking for a new challenge. You will be required to Work closely with clients to gather requirements for web based projects. Work on the full project software development lifecycle. Design the layout and code new websites with dynamic content / pages by using ASP.Net, C. Run queries using SQL Add user interactivity in web pages using JavaScript, AJA, and JQuery etc. Play a key role in the software development team of three, and contribute significantly to a range of projects. The Candidate: The successful candidate: Will have Object Oriented Programming and Relational Database Design skills. Will have solid skills in designing and delivering websites / webbased applications using ASP.Net, C. Will have solid experience of Web Services, MS SQL Server (including running queries.) Will have skills in JavaScript, HTML, CSS, AJAX and JQuery. Will be creative, interested in new technologies, engaging and able to work well in a small team of designers and developers. Technical Requirements: C ASP.Net HTML CSS MS SQL Server 2000 / **** XML Web Services WinForms Additionally, skills in jQuery and WPF are desirable. In return the client is offering a generous basic salary, with a fantastic working environment as well as the chance to work with a large national organisation that is currently growing. &nbsp Apply now