Title: Remote Support / Service Desk/ First Line support Analyst
Webindex: 68700547
Company: Global Technology Solutions Ltd
Description: 1st Line/ Service Desk/ Remote Support Analyst An exciting opportunity has arisen for a 1st Line/ Service Desk/ Remote Support Analyst to join a dynamic team within a wellestablished blue chip organisation based in Peterborough. As a 1st Line/ Service Desk/ Remote Support Analyst you will be responsible for the following daily duties:  Accurately log incidents and ensure all relevant data is captured whilst logging the incident.  Regularly updating incidents logged on the Incident Management system and provide end users with a technical solution within Service Level Agreements.  Escalate incidents where a first time fix is not possible to either 2nd line support or the relevant resolver group.  Monitor, progress, and resolve incidents whilst ensuring customer satisfaction through proactive updates, frequent contact and escalation where necessary.  Resolve 60% of incidents logged as a First Time Fix.  Provide a point of technical escalation and expertise.  Escalate potential service issues initially with Team Leader/Service Desk Manager /Service Delivery Manager. As a 1st Line/ Service Desk/ Remote Support Analyst you must have the following experience:  Minimum of 6 months experience as an analyst within a similar environment (Essential)  6 months remote support experience of the following: o Windows Operating Systems (Essential) o Citrix (Preferred) o Cisco Telephony Systems (Preferred) o Hardware troubleshooting of both desktop and server hardware. (Preferred) o Application support of Microsoft Office, Lotus Notes and common windows applications from vendors such as Adobe, Symantec, McAfee etc. (Preferred)  Good knowledge of IT platforms, equipment and applications. (Essential)  Proven Customer service skills (SDI Preferred) (Essential)  Industry recognised qualifications in relevant area (i.e. MCP) (Preferred)  Understanding of the ITIL framework and knowledge of the various associated disciplines. (Preferred)  Good knowledge of IT platforms and applications. (Preferred) . The hours of cover are between 7am to 9.30pm on a shift basis covering **** hours Monday to Sunday. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a company where training and career progression are key This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RemoteSupportServiceDeskFirstLinesupportAnalyst_job****