Title: PHP Developer, LAMP, MySQL
Webindex: 68496664
Company: Acceler it
Description: PHP Developer, LAMP, MySQL PHP Web Application Developer London EC**** Guide: ****k D.O.E industry leading benefits. We want the best and will negotiate either way. Send us your CV and requirements We are looking to recruit a talented PHP web application developer, a great computer science degree and a flair for ingenious innovation for this talented team working at the vanguard of application and software security. You will employ the latest technologies in a first class environment to produce a progressive web based offering featuring highly responsive and elegantly responsive interfaces. If you have a clear vision of the up and coming technologies then you will love this opportunity to engage them. If you have the style and the confidence to design elegant user experiences then we want to hear from you. They have cutting edge and industry leading products used by blue chip organisations to ensure security. They are developing from scratch new products and looking for an ingenious Back End PHP developer to join this friendly and talented team. This is a great career opportunity for a talented and focused programmer to build upon your experience in a successful cutting edge team in a five star environment. Apply now for an immediate interview. Location This role is based in their fabulous London office that offers stunning **** mile views of the city in a cutting egde environment in the heart of London. Key responsibilities Working with a wide variety of technologies and systems Handling fastmoving full life cycle projects and turn around cycles Developing and maintaining web applications and responsive web interfaces to cope with large volumes of data Quickly absorbing and applying new frameworks where necessary Skills and competencies Excellent web application developer with a background in PHP, Lamp MySQL, Javascript Elegant and precise coding Abreast with the latest technologies, ideas and methodologies in our field Flexible and effective communicator Willingness to make decisions and take calculated risks Sets high personal standards and committed to selfdevelopment and collaboration A passion to learn and adapt to new technologies and find innovative solutions to difficult problems Qualifications and experience The ideal candidate will have proven ability to invent and develop high performance design solutions across various technical platforms First Class exposure to OO PHP, Javascript, CSS, HTML5, Experience of using third party/open source technologies; eg jquery, node.js, Mootools You are able to provide examples of previous applications or sites that show your passion for web development Ability to work effectively in a fastmoving environment You may have had experience of contributing to open source projects Salary Competitive up to ****k Benefits In addition to great offices, a motivated, positive, enthusiastic team, you'll enjoy the following benefits including Company Healthcare, regular social activities, holidays, Company Share Option Scheme and a Flexitime work schedule in addition to extensive opportunity and personal development. How to Apply Now for an immediate Client interview If you like the sound of this role, email your CV and please give brief details of your experience and any example URLs you think appropriate. ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE FREE TO LIVE AND WORK IN THE UNITED KINGDOM FREE FROM THE RESTRICTIONS OF VISA'S AND WORK PERMITS. Accelerit is acting as an employment agency to this client. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role.