Title: Network Systems Engineer
Webindex: 71198278
Company: TEKsystems
Description: A global network communication and infrastructure organisation require a Network System Engineer to join their operations. You will sit within the team responsible for design, development and delivery of the network and core systems that will host all WiFi systems. The network will be predominantly Cisco based utilising Cisco switches, routers, internet service gateway and AAA server. The role will include network design, configuration, testing, documentation and the last line of support. Strong candidates will be able to demonstrate relevant experience of IP network design. They will also hold indepth knowledge of routing protocols, switching, firewalls, IPSec and SSL VPNs, with at least CCNA qualification. Experience of Linux administration and web platforms will be an added benefit. This is an opportunity to join a rapidly expanding company, operating at senior level with various responsibility. To apply for the position please reply to this ad with an updated copy of your CV, or for more information please email maburnsteksystems.co.ukAllegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice URL removed By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities.