Title: Graduate Software Implementation Consultant – Business Solutions
Webindex: 71434258
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Graduate Software Implementation Consultant  Business Solutions London, EC**** Up to **** Our client, a fast growing technology enterprise delivering financial solutions to the Investment Management Industry, is offering a fantastic opportunity for a Graduate Software Implementation Consultant to join their team. This is an ideal opportunity for a graduate to join a dynamic company where your input and ideas will be recognised and added into the mix. As a Graduate Software Implementation Consultant, you will be involved in the delivery of innovative financial software at the cuttingedge of the industry. Displaying your strong interest in financial services, specifically investment management, you will take part in requirements gathering, process mapping and software configuration, in addition to diagnosing and investigating issues and deploying, testing and delivering software updates for clients. In this diverse and exciting role, you will have a high level of customer interaction, this will involve liaising with a wide range of people including technical and business users, and as such, your communication skills will be second to none. To be considered for this opportunity, you must have a degree in a computer science related subject. Equally important is your enthusiasm and ambitious nature, as well as the desire to learn and integrate yourself into the company. The ideal Graduate Software Implementation Consultant will have ambitions to gain exposure to the investment management industry. Knowledge of Windows Server platforms, SQL Server, Oracle, MQ Series and/or MSMQ would be beneficial, as would an understanding of the industry business processes involving order generation, compliance, trading and fund accounting. To apply for the role of Graduate Software Implementation Consultant, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Graduate Software Implementation Consultant, Software Implementation Consultant, Junior Software Implementation Consultant, Graduate Implementation Consultant, Implementation Consultant, Junior Technology Consultant, Graduate. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateSoftwareImplementationConsultantBusinessSolutions_job****