Title: Application Developer Application  Support Analyst, SQL, C,
Webindex: 71685747
Company: Career Concept Limited
Description: Main purpose of job: The Application Support Analyst will be responsible for the provision of high quality IS support for existing applications, developing reports, small tactical projects. Scope of job: The Application Support Analyst will provide technical support for MS SQL Server and existing HR, Finance and Fundraising application based on the Windows platform. Development work focussed around SQL will also form a significant part of the role. On a day to day basis you will be responsible for Investigation and diagnosis of problems, providing workarounds where appropriate, writing, testing and releasing data fixes, system testing of application fixes, helping clients in the day to day use of the system. Duties and key responsibilities: Developing and enhancing the Society s Information Technology systems. Working with internal and external developers to develop tactical applications for the society using the standard tools and operational frameworks. To develop procedures, scripts and tools to minimise the cost of ownership for applications used within the society. To work with the Programme Office on IS/IT related projects, providing technical support and advice to individual project managers as necessary, and assisting in technical development and deployment of the project. Provide technical support for the Society s database systems. This will include maintenance of user accounts, performance monitoring and ensuring data integrity. Ensure that Database Applications operate within an IT environment that is stable, secure, resilient, monitored and backedup in line with continuity plans. To put in place operation procedures for the following functional areas which conform to ITIL To work on general support duties as part of the IS team including web site maintenance updating documents and voice support Set up appropriate database security protocols for applications and ensure their maintenance throughout the Society and are in compliance with the Society s Information Security policy. To undertake any other task, duties or projects that are commensurate with the general level of this post and as directed by the Head of IS/IT or other directors You will have: Good time management skills Good written and verbal communication skills Good Knowledge Microsoft SQL Server 2005/**** configuration, management and monitoring (2 years ) is essential Good SQL development experience ( 2 years  ) is essential Good web Front End design and development skills  HTML/CSS, JavaScript, IIS Development experience using C or OO knowledge Working knowledge of networking technologies and protocols Working knowledge of Windows Server/Desktop technologies and protocols Experience of Salesforce and Force.com preferable An understanding of the need for client confidentiality and Data Protection law. Able to travel independently throughout England, Wales and NI