Title: Application Specialist
Webindex: 71590810
Company: Vacancy Filler Ltd
Description: Role: Application Specialist Location: Woking, Surrey Salary: Up to **** Term: Perm Job Purpose Our client is seeking an enthusiastic and skilled Applications Specialist working with .NET and C technologies. This is a team lead role and is suitable for an aspiring Technical Lead role with a competency in requirements capture. Specifically, the successful candidate will undertake development activities, including new build, support and maintenance and facilitate the delivery of company’s professional services for a range of major public sector clients within the UK to their ongoing satisfaction. The Applications Specialist will work closely with the Project Manager and India based team. PERSON SPECIFICATION This is an excellent opportunity to work within an organisation that is committed to staff welfare and employee relations. Education Degree educated with minimum First or **** from the top 25 Universities Essential  Programming experience with ASP.NET and either C or VB.NET coupled with a sound working knowledge of SQL Server  Design, documentation, defect fixing of existing items and coding of new facilities in conjunction with India based team  Analyse new requirements, defects and provide project estimates  Analyse new requirements and provide impact analysis addressing technical design and identifying individual tasks.  Fluent in spoken English and able to take part in meetings and discussions with clients  Proactive personality and able to work autonomously  Exceptional oral and written communication skills  Good team player  The ability to work to agreed deadlines  Ability to work at detailed and abstract levels  Selflearner  Exceptional problem solving skills  Time Flexible Desirable  XML / HTML / Content Document Management Systems / SharePoint / SOAP Web Services.  Security Cleared (Either CTC or SC Cleared) Key responsibilities and accountabilities: Maintenance and development work for our extensive client base in both the Public and Private sectors. Technical skills to be applied include the .NET framework (ASP.NET and either C or VB.NET) and SQL. Apply emerging technologies such as WCF, WF and Open Source products e.g. MediaWiki System testing of new applications and changes where appropriate Use of Microsoft Team System to support the development process Project office activities including progress reporting and timesheet logging Successful candidates will be subject to BPSS checks. Depending on the role undertaken, further National Vetting checks may be required.