Title: Infrastructure Support Analyst (Uxbridge)  Exchange 2010, Windows, Citrix
Webindex: 71565541
Company: Information Technology Services
Description: Infrastructure Support Analyst (Uxbridge) – Exchange 2010, Windows 2008, Citrix Infrastructure Support Analyst (Uxbridge) – Exchange 2010, Windows 2008, Citrix required by professional services organisation to join a highly skilled Infrastructure team who are responsible for providing 2nd and 3rd level support to a global user base of circa **** staff. Your core responsibilities will include: Working within the team to ensure that high levels of productivity and service levels are maintained, including the effective communication of changes, problems and other service related issues at all levels in a busy ****x**** support environment. Monitor data capacity, server outages and escalate issues as appropriate. Completing assigned project work individually or with other members as a team: Manage and document configuration changes in line with change control procedures. Ensure effective handover and skills awareness is carried out on all new systems. Produce procedures and perform bespoke training to enable the team to meet its requirements. Manage all Norton Rose backup and restore systems using a combination of applications. Ensure that the overnight financial systems batch processing is monitored as per documented procedures. Effective liaison and teamworking with all other IT support teams. Responsible for ensuring server security procedures are carried out for windows server platforms. Resolve or escalate out of hours 1st line calls from users, logging them in the Help Desk system and undertake problem resolution in a professional and customer focussed manner. If unable to provide a resolution the Analyst must follow the published call out procedures. Being a twentyfour/seven shift role you will be required to work both daytime and nighttime shifts. Outside of the firm’s core business hours your role will be predominantly based around project work, maintenance of the server estate and providing a firstclass Helpdesk (1st line to 3rd Line) support function to a global user base. The management tools deployed across the Server estate include Attachmate's NetIQ Appmanager and HP's SIM and EmC?; Navisphere for the SAN/Fabric environments. The ideal candidate with also some breadth of technical knowledge across products such as Microsoft AD, Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft SQL, Citrix, BES, Symantec's Enterprise Vault This is a fantastic opportunity to join a truly global company. Infrastructure Support Analyst (Uxbridge) – Exchange 2010, Windows 2008, Citrix This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/InfrastructureSupportAnalystUxbridgeExchange2010WindowsCitrix_job****