Title: Network Implementation Engineer (Cisco or Juniper)
Webindex: 72480480
Company: People Com Ltd
Description: Network Implementation Engineer (Cisco or Juniper) for a major UK managed services provider, Bracknell Up to ****k base plus 10% bonus (Candidates must be CCIE/JNCIE or CCIP/JNCIP level) Job Summary: Briefly describe the job i.e. the major purpose of the job function in one or two sentences DEVELOPS FROM THE SIE ROLE. The Advanced Solutions Implementation Engineer (ASIE) is responsible for the acceptance and implementation coordination of complex IP WAN, VPN Security solutions for our customers. A highly skilled handson engineer, they must be able to work well under pressure and to tight deadlines. The ASIE must be professional and responsive and a good team player. The job suits an experienced implementation engineer who is quick to identify design failures and who works accurately and with good attention to detail. Duties and Responsibilities: Categorise the jobs into the **** major areas of responsibility. Divide these into steps explaining the main activities % of time Technical validation of Advanced Solutions proposal (SoW Review process), proof of concept testing for nonstandard requirements (in collaboration with TDA for major projects) and devices configuration templates. Produce full documentation of testing results, solution detailed diagram and Technical Description when appropriate. 30% Configuring Juniper and Cisco network equipment. Typical solutions to be implemented are all types of VPNs (IPSec/MPLS), IP transit, hierarchical QoS, VoIP, all forms of Internet connectivity technologies wholesale solutions such as L****TP DSL solutions (configuring LAC, LNS etc.), MPLS services and complex bespoke hybrid solutions 30% Interact with Sales, PreSales, Service Delivery and TDA to improve both customer experience during network deployment (get the information once) and MDNX processes (quality of work) 15% Preparation and closure of implementation work: postsales validation, IP allocation , creating/updating customer network documentation and management systems update 15% Mentoring and training of junior members of staff 10% CRITICAL SUCCESS FACTORS These are the job activities that are critical for the effective performance of the job. E.g. personal attributes such as attention to detail; experience in a certain discipline for a length of time; or attainment of an academic, professional or technical qualification. Please list the most critical job elements required to meet the job purpose and rank these job elements in order of their importance. Give examples of behaviour where applicable. Critical Personal Attributes  Demonstrate the Company s core values: Cando, Positive, Excellence, Integrity, Accountable. Critical Job Elements  High attention to detail  Good knowledge of all forms of access technology and integration of network applications.  Excellent communication skills.  Ability to follow processes and procedures.  Effective troubleshooter.  Quick learner.  Team player PERSONAL PROFILE Knowledge and Skills Requirements: List the minimum essential / desired knowledge, education, skills and experience. E  Essential D  Desirable Education and Qualifications: Specialised / Technical Degree level CCNP or CCIP or JNCIP CCIE, JNCIE Experience: 5 years of handson experience on implementing and troubleshooting network and security solutions Significant hands on expertise in: routing (OSPF, BGP), MPLS services, LNS, QoS, VPNs Experience with VoIP (SIP severs, SBC, PBX) and could computing (virtualisation) Skills / Aptitude: Good knowledge of Cisco IOS, routers and switches models and modules (ISR2, ME, Catalyst) Good knowledge of Juniper JUNOS, routers and switches models and modules (MX, M, J, SRX, EX and ERX series) Good knowledge of firewalls and security best practise on Cisco ASA, Juniper SRX and Stonegate