Title: Greenfield Java Web Application Programmer
Webindex: 68181197
Company: TEKsystems
Description: Greenfield Java Web Application Programmer Java, Spring, Hibernate, JUnit, JavaScript, JSP, Agile, SQL Am opportunity exists for a talented junior Java developer / 2nd jobber to enter a progressive and growing company based in Bath. This role is to work on a Greenfield web development project with the aim of advancing and progressing this company far beyond the technical reach of their main competitors. The candidate will have strong experience of web design and development and have delivered high quality applications through the SDLC. The role will be in an Agile environment following a SCRUM methodology and a test driven approach to the development. The candidate will have excellent Java, Spring, Hibernate, JUnit, Javascript skills as well as be adept with Java web servlets, JSP, etc. As an advantage they will have experience of an Agile environment, HTML, GWT and SQL. FANTASTIC OPPORTUNITY TO JOIN A PROGRESSIVE DEVELOPMENT ENVIRONMENT WHICH IS SET TO DELIVER GAME CHANGING WEB TECHNOLOGY TO THEIR INDUSTRY Respond to: gdymantteksystems.co.ukAllegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice URL removed By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities.