Title: Junior Consultant  Engineering, Materials
Webindex: 72395243
Company: Oho Group
Description: Junior Consultant Engineering, Materials, Scientific World leading software house in Cambridge seeking talented and interllectual junior consultants to join their highly established and respected team Junior Consultant Engineering, Materials, Scientific World leading software house in Cambridge seeking talented and interllectual junior consultants to join their highly established and respected team in Cambridge. You will have exposure to some of the worlds leading companies in a range of sectors including aerospace, automotive, defence and electronics to name just a few. To be considered for this position you will need the following: Bachelors in Materials Science, Engineering (Mechanical, Electrical, etc.) or a highly related subject classified at a ****:1 or above. Organised and confident approach, good project management skills and ability to meet deadlines. Strong computer skills advanced excel and modelling skills Excellent presentation and personal skills Calm under pressure The following would be advantageous A high degree (e.g. PhD) in the subjects named above Database (SQL, MYSQL, SQL Server) experience Foreign language skills especially German or Japanese Experience of working in or supplying technology to the sectors mentioned above You will be involved in the successful roll outs of the company s product and be heavily involved in the design and development of the management systems. You will be able to interact with those from technical and nontechnical backgrounds understanding their requirements and explaining how you will implement your solutions. You will be rewarded with an excellent salary and a fantastic benefits package (non contributory pension, healthcare, gym). If you are looking for the next step in your career or for the first stepping stone post University this is an ideal place to start. Apply now for immediate arranging interviews before Christmas consideration. KEYWORDS: CONSULTANT, CONSULTANCY, ENGINEERING, MATERIALS, TECHNOLOGY, IT, SCIENTIFIC, ELECTRICAL, MECHANICAL, JUNIOR, GRADUATE, CAMBRIDGE, ****:**** 1ST CLASS, FIRST