Title: Service Delivery  Technical Programme Manager
Webindex: 64548257
Company: Monarch Recruitment
Description: Service Delivery  Technical Programme Manager Service Delivery, Technical Manager, Programme Manager, Prince, Project Manager, ITIL, Technical Support, Database Administration, Web Support, Change Management, Problem Management A leading client of mine in Surrey is growing their team considerably in ****13 because of previous growth and success. Whilst being responsible for managing Service Delivery and having full budget responsibility you will have Ownership of the programme plan for Service Delivery which typically is supporting up to **** active projects of varying sizes and Management of the overall project related workload within Service Delivery spread across **** support teams with a total of 20 staff. OVERALL PURPOSE OF THE JOB Managing the overall programme of work in relation to project activity within Service Delivery and acting as the prime interface between Service Delivery and Programme Management with regards to planning, allocation and management of Service Delivery resources whilst ensuring that resourcing for Production support activities is protected. Responsible for ensuring that programmes of change are sufficiently resourced, prioritised and tested and that support structures are in place before acceptance into live service. Responsible for the day to day planning and management of internal Service Delivery projects from initiation through to delivery. JOB KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & EXPERIENCE • Strong IT background with a broad knowledge of technical support functions including Database Administration and Web Support • Proven experience and thorough understanding of the full application development lifecycle. • Comprehensive experience of Service Management fundamentals including Change Management, Problem Management and Service Introduction. Minimum of ITIL Foundation certification. • Project Management skills with experience of managing technical projects. PRINCE II or equivalent qualification. • Demonstrable understanding of nonfunctional requirements and experience of their importance within IT projects. • Ability to influence and motivate people, both with and without direct authority, to achieve project objectives. • Ability to build strong professional relationships both inside and outside the company. • Strong influencing, conflict management and negotiation skills. • Decision making and problem solving skills – particularly a creative approach to problem solving. • A flexible approach is essential and the ability to prioritise effectively as work volumes will fluctuate.