Title: Web FrontEnd Developer / Designer
Webindex: 71856493
Company: TEAM
Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a Web FrontEnd Developer / Designer to join an expanding IT company based in the trafficfree countryside between Solihull and Warwick. The company work on the latest web technology and build websites and web applications for themselves. They have built successful social communities, and multimillion pound businesses which started off as embryonic ideas, and were brought to life by their small team s grit, determination, passion and talent. As a Web FrontEnd Developer / Designer your duties will include:  Working as part of our small, passionate team of developers and designers.  Closely collaborating with backend developers, you will use your talents and skills in HTML, CSS and Javasccript / JQuery to ensure a worldclass user experience  sometimes to tightlycontrolled design specifications.  Being responsible for layouts while respecting the original design concept. An ideal Web FrontEnd Developer / Designer will hold the following skills and experiences:  Must be highly skilled in HTML, CSS and Javascript /JQuery.  Basic appreciation for how serverside scripting and relational databases work.  Have an innate passion for usability, frontend layout and design.  Experience of Smarty template engine.  Having worked on highuserbase web applications and extremely dynamic websites is very important. Training will be provided. In return you will receive a salary of ****  **** per annum depending on experience with HUGE future opportunities. You will also receive many benefits such as  Bonus, Private Health Care, Pension, Life Insurance, Stock Options. The company are always looking at new opportunities, and always trying something new, so there s never a dull moment. If you want to work on the latest web technology and methods, in a varied, entrepreneurial environment, on projects you get to help shape, build, and then run and you haven t yet found an outlet for your extraordinary talent, enthusiasm and skills, then this could be for you. When applying, please include a small list of examples of your work with a brief explanation of what you responsibilities were. No agencies please. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website.