Title: Senior Linux/ Storage Engineer
Webindex: 72678461
Company: Reed Tech   Guildford Contracts 
Description: Senior Linux/ Storage Engineer What You Will Do Systems Engineer Reporting to the System Operation Team Leader, the Senior Linux/Storage Engineer is responsible for providing daily technical support for customer issues, delivering new projects and managing the existing environment. Will own the problem through to resolution. Will respond to all remedy tickets in an expedient manner, providing clear and informative status entries, resolution entries and quality assurance closure with the customer. Will work to identify the root cause of any customer issue and strive to incorporate solutions that are correct, with zero rework Provide leadership and mentoring pertaining to customer relations, technical expertise, effective communication and teamwork. Responsibilities: The Sr. Linux/Storage Engineer will be in charge of maintaining an environment with over **** servers. Some responsibilities include. Perform UNIX / Linux/ VMware server builds Setting up and troubleshoot DNS, NTP, Syslog and SMTP Setting up and supporting UNIX print servers and printers Support and troubleshoot operations and performance issues Setting up performance monitors and evaluating logs to determine performance problems or recommending steps to remedy a situation Advanced hardware troubleshooting and replacement on server systems Manage space allocation and perform basic troubleshooting on SAN and NAS devices (IBM, EMC, NetApp and HP) Project creation and execution on firmware upgrade  OS upgrades  hardware upgrades Work out of our Remedy ticket tracking system to work on Trouble Tickets and Change Requests Perform changes to customer systems while following strict guidelines for SAS**** compliance Maintain ****x**** support of the Internet host servers; NT Rapidly evaluate/respond to all Remedy tickets with appropriate status entries, resolution descriptions and closure updates. Communicate with customers from problem identification through problem resolution regarding technical support. Continuously strive to improve the call closure cycle through documentation, resource enhancements and teamwork. Work change window events around the organisation s Data Center procedures. Be on an oncall rotation with the rest of the team What We Are Looking For: Required Experience: 6 years of relevant experience; excellent technical skills; the ability to communicate effectively; work well as a team; handle independent responsibilities; knowledge of the capabilities and limitations of Servers. Experience with configuration, installation and troubleshooting of LINUX (RedHat) and SAN/NAS. Knowledge of HP and Dell hardware. Experience with LVM, Veritas Storage Foundation and Clustering (Veritas and RedHat) Experience with SAN and NAS (IBM, EMC, Netapp and HP) Expertise with Bind Name server (DNS) for internal and external name resolve, NTP server, FTP Servers (such as WUFTP, VSFTP, PROFTP) and LDAP servers Running diagnostics, creating notification of issues, and correction of performance and availability problems in the Servers and the services deployed in them. Proficiency with shell scripting, awk, sed, grep, Perl. Must possess solid written and oral communication skills One of these : Experience in configuration, installation and troubleshooting of Deskstone (DAAS) Experience in configuration, installation and troubleshooting of DoubleTake Availability Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business.