Title: Head Chef / Kitchen Manager  La Tasca  Kingston Upon Thames (Surrey)
Webindex: 69183133
Company: La Tasca
Description: Head Chef / Kitchen Manager: Qualifications/ Experience This is an ideal first role for those seeking their first managerial postion in the kitchen with a high street chain restaurant. Good level of spoken english is essential. Strong food background, knowledge and evidence of delivering food sales and profit growth along with strong team and kitchen management skills. Head Chef / Kitchen Manager: Purpose of Role To drive food sales, quality and profit within the branded framework. Following the core/new La Tasca framework To be responsible for the food management processes and controls required to run an effective kitchen/team (which includes recipe process, service, staff rotas, team training, due diligence, stock control/profitability, food safety, HACCP, COSHH and legal compliance). Head Chef / Kitchen Manager: Principle Duties/ Responsibilities People Identify recruitment needs within the kitchen, interview, recruit and induct new team members. Updating staff training and personal files/training schedules Competent in Academia de Desarrollo training develop team members to Kitchen Team Leader position. Prepare for own appraisals and onetoone reviews as set. Performance manage kitchen team members and issues that may arise at regular intervals. Hold kitchen presession/debriefs as appropriate. Communicate and document menu and specification changes to team. Organise kitchen team rotas in order to deliver business targets and effectively deploy team members at critical times within budget in conjunction with the General Manager. Ensure all Kitchen Team Leaders/Members training is delivered professionally and effectively, and within the agreed timescales. Attend and participate in management meetings. Attend cookoffs and menu change meetings. Ensure all kitchen team members maintain high personal standards of cleanliness and are in correct uniform in line with company policies. Sales standards criteria achieved every shift. Review food quality via debrief Compliance Ensure all team members adhere to Health d love to hear form you, so please apply by clicking the button below.