Title: Guest Service Staff Supervisor  Food & Beverage
Webindex: 68707081
Company: Jurys Inns Ltd
Description: Jurys Inns Group Ltd is one of the fastestgrowing hotel groups in Europe, with **** property locations in the UK, Ireland and Europe with more to come Jurys Inn Birmingham now has an excellent opportunity available for GUEST SERVICE STAFF SUPERVISOR to join our Food & Beverage team. Guest Service Staff Supervisor overview : This is a multi skilled position, working across our restaurant and bar, ensuring a professional, friendly and courteous service to all guests. Guest Service Staff Supervisor key responsibilities: Ensure the smooth running of the Food & Beverage department. Supervise the activities of all Guest Service Staff ensuring all team members are aware of their responsibilities and are performing all duties to a consistently high standard. Serve food and drink in the Inns outlets whilst adhering to company standards and giving excellent customer service. Have a visible presence within the outlet to ensure that all customer requests and queries are responded to promptly and effectively. Deal with guest complaints in a friendly and efficient manner, ensuring guest satisfaction at all times. Training and cooperating with colleagues to enhance the guest experience at all times. Ensure all cash, charge, float and till procedures are carried out in accordance with Company policy. The ideal candidate for this position:  Must have previous supervisory experience within a Food and Beverage environment Must be selfmotivated and selfconfident in all aspects of guest relations. Must have the ability to prioritise and delegate work whilst also providing training and support. Must be courteous and focused on providing a consistently high standard of customer service. Must be standards driven and detailorientated. Must have the ability to multitask in fastpaced environment. Must be flexible with regards to hours. Must have excellent selfpresentation and good command of English language. Jurys Inn is an Equal Opportunities employer. We do not require the use of agencies at this time