Title: Events Coordinator – **** Star Hotel  Exceptional Standards  Cornwall
Webindex: 71741188
Company: Orcinus Recruit
Description: Events Coordinator – 4 Star Hotel – Channel Islands The Icing on the Cake: The Salary for this position of Events Coordinator is **** ; a permanent position, live in and the opportunity to work within a growing hotel with clear visions and values. The Recipe: The general manager is looking for an ‘extraordinaire’ Events Coordinator to join the team. Responsibilities for the Events Coordinator role are : Coordinate special events for corporate functions, including conferences workshops, weddings Supervise all aspects of the events, negotiate the term of the event and make special arrangements if required Administration responsibilities – mailing invitations, menu selection, technical equipment in place The Melting Pot: Our client is an independent hotel with breath taking views over beautiful beaches. They are a luxurious hotel offering a blend of quality and comfort. The attentive service given at this hotel ensures a perfect balance of approachability and friendliness. This hotel offers a unique opportunity to work in a stunning location overlooking one of the most prestigious areas of the UK . Throughout the year this destination caters for all types of clientele from corporate to leisure break guests. Essential Elements: This position of Events Coordinator requires someone with a passion and experience within quality hotels. Minimum of 3 years experience in a 4 Star hotel Have proven track record in events and organizational skills Being able to work under pressure The Bread Crumbs: Orcinus Recruit Limited is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. In accordance and compliance with the “Asylum and Immigration act ****” all applicants applying for the above position will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to live and work in the United Kingdom. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/EventsCoordinator4StarHotelExceptionalStandardsCornwall_job****