Title: Front of House Assistants  Oxford area  ****K  tips  Live in
Webindex: 72437821
Company: Regent Recruitment
Description: Front of House Staff required  Waiters / ress  Experienced Waiting staff Excellent friendly working environment, Modern Restaurant serving outstanding British Cuisine which showcases local suppliers and quality fresh produce. This highly professional company offers great prospects for a food and wine lover who is looking for a long term career in the hospitality business with the aim of developing food and service skills, knowledge and their careers in restaurants and the hospitality industry. Does this sound like the environment you are looking for? Do you have experience of working in a quality restaurant environment and wish to pursue a long term career in the hotel, restaurant and catering industry? We are seeking applicants who have already worked in the food industry and are knowledgeable about good food and service BUT want to learn more. You will be working with a reputable team who have gained excellent reviews, awards and accolades for their beautiful and stunning Modern British Cuisine and the friendly service that makes the outing an all round memorable experience to the guest. We are seeking a front of house member of the team who has a strong desire for a long term career within hospitality service. Working with the restaurant team, this addition to the team will have a passionate interest in Modern British Food with a potential interest to further their wine and bar knowledge. The successful applicant will be joining a highly successful company that has a strong reputation within the industry. This is a full time position and not suitable for part time job seekers or those who do not have any experience in the catering industry. If however you have finished college, have experience of waiting and front of house with a quality dining operation and are dedicated and passionate about growing your career in food and wine focussed business within top end hospitality this is an excellent position, exciting company and brilliant opportunity  one not to be missed. Due to location, it is best you are able to drive. Location is north of Oxford. Live in accommodation on site is available Applicants must have permission to work without restriction in the UK.