Title: Commis Chef  De Vere Venues Ltd ?? Wokefield Park
Webindex: 71527724
Company: i resourcer
Description: Commis Chef  De Vere Venues Ltd – Wokefield Park Wokefield Park is a unique venue set in the rural Berkshire countryside. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Commis Chef which is a great entry level role for the start of your career as a chef. Responsibilities of Commis Chef:  Work under a line of chefs in the kitchen’s different food sections.  Prepare food to agreed standards  Maintain a high standard of food hygiene at all times  Required to maintain a high standard of food hygiene. Benefits included for a Commis Chef:  25 days holidays plus bank holidays  Private Medical Insurance Scheme  Contributory Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a keen interest in food and a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. You will be working in a busy environment which requires a consistency in customer service, flexibility and being able to work well under pressure. Some experience of working in a kitchen environment is beneficial. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Commis Chef (ref: CC WOK ****) apply now by forwarding your current CV to Janie Coleman together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space – a forward thinking business with personality creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Wokefield Park offers two totally different centres in both style and feel: the spacious, ultramodern, purposebuilt Executive Centre and the traditional Mansion House. The venue offers **** meeting rooms and **** ensuite bedrooms. Also available, a championship golf course, indoor pool, mini gym and spa. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/CommisChefDeVereVenuesLtdWokefieldPark_job****