Title: Head Chef ****kbonus both increasing as business grows start asap
Webindex: 65317404
Company: stickyfaceproductions ltd
Description: We are opening a brand new Family run restaurant/cafe/bar in St Albans town centre and need an imaginative and enthusiastic head chef to add their own touch to our existing menu, and also to adapt and change the menu with the seasons and available fresh produce from our suppliers. You will have direct responsibilities for all back of house / kitchen functions within this freshfoodled business, ensuring that high standards are consistently delivered. As Head Chef you'll be responsible for everything that goes into your kitchen and everything that comes out. Not only that, but you'll keep a keen eye on stock control and budgets, and make sure that every dish is exactly as you have planned it as it leaves the pass. You'll be responsible for building, training and motivating a small team. Bonus: Linked to your performance as well as the business. We want all members of the team to share in the success of the restaurant through a bonus scheme Duties: To effectively and efficiently manage the entire Kitchen operation with respect to maximizing sales opportunities. Ensure the standards of performance and hygiene are maintained. Plan all menus, taking into account the availability of seasonal foods Ensure costs are kept within the budget. To implement and maintain health and safety policies and procedures within the kitchen. What will make you perfect for the job? You are serious about your cooking and have a proven talent for delivering great food, even under pressure Able to develop and motivate team members Communicate effectively at all levels Previous Management experience within a foodled business Excellent attention to detail and standards A good sense of humour with a high degree of common sense and good people management skills. Hands on experience in a busy environment. Depth of knowledge in everyday kitchen practices and recipes. Strict about conforming to Health and Hygiene regulations and cleaning schedules. Speak fluent English. If you want to be a key part of a small but growing company, please get in touch. Great opportunity for an individual who likes to get stuck in and has loads of ideas. Start immediately. In line with the requirements of the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. As part of the recruitment process, you will be asked to provide documented evidence of eligibility. As part of the recruitment process, all candidates will be required to provide proof of identity, status and eligibility to work in the UK. To be considered for any position you will be required to provide copies of your passport or other photographic ID, visa This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/HeadChef****kbonusbothincreasingasbusinessgrowsstartasap_job****