Title: Junior Shift Engineer
Webindex: 70768206
Company: Hilton Worldwide
Description: AJunior Shift Engineerwith DoubleTree by Hilton is responsible for carrying out appropriate maintenance work promptly and to the highest standards to deliver an excellent Guest and Member experience. What will it be like to work for this Hilton Brand?It all starts with a warm chocolate chip cookie, a simple touch that sets the tone to create a rewarding experience for a guest s entire stay. DoubleTree by Hilton understands that doing the little things well can mean everything. If you appreciate the little things and enjoy creating exceptional experiences through perfecting little details, you may be just the person we are looking for to work as a Team Member with DoubleTree by Hilton. Because its at the DoubleTree at Hilton where the little things mean everything.What will I be doing? As a Junior Shift Engineer, you are responsible for carrying out appropriate maintenance work promptly and to the highest standards to deliver an excellent Guest and Member experience. AJunior Shift Engineerwould also be required to follow all company statutory and legal regulatory requirements during repairs. Specifically, you will be responsible for performing the following tasks to the highest standards:  Implement company statutory and legal requirements including fire, health and safety, hygiene, electricity at work, and all local bylaws  Respond to all enquiries promptly  Carry out maintenance repair work and ensure the appropriate PPE is worn during all repairs  Maintain the green areas and car parks when applicable  Follow planned preventative maintenance programmes  Ensure good relationships with internal and external customers and contractors  Ensure energy conservation initiatives are implemented  Follow C.O.S.H.H regulations, in particular the storage of hazardous substances  Attend additional training suitable to the role What are we looking for? AJunior Shift Engineerserving Hilton Worldwide Brand hotels and vacations are always working on behalf of our Guests and working with other Team Members. To successfully fill this role, you should maintain the attitude, behaviours, skills, and values that follow:  Positive attitude  Good communication skills  Committed to delivering a high level of customer service  Excellent grooming standards  Flexibility to respond to a range of different work situations  Ability to work on their own or in teams It would be advantageous in this position for you to demonstrate the following capabilities and distinctions:  Previous maintenance experience including electrical, plumbing or painting and decorating  Relevant qualifications for the role What benefits will I receive? Your benefits will include acompetitive starting salary and holiday entitlement. As an employee you will become a member of the The Hilton Club which provides reduced hotel room rates in our hotels worldwide, plus discounts on products and services offered by Hilton Worldwide and its partners. We look forward to explaining in detail the range of excellent benefits that you would expect from a global hotel organization like Hilton Worldwide.which provides reduced hotel room rates in our hotels worldwide, plus discounts on products and services offered by Hilton Worldwide and its partners. We look forward to explaining in detail the range of excellent benefits that you would expect from a global hotel organization like Hilton Worldwide.Learn more now about DoubleTree by Hilton  where the little things mean everything. More than **** properties in countries throughout the world More than 230 million cookies have been served, and still baking Hotel chain continues to grow rapidly Features the signature Sweet Dreams Sleep Experience