Title: Chef De Partie Coastal Fresh Food Pub Suffolk
Webindex: 45576973
Company: Clear Selection
Description: Chef De Partie Coastal Fresh Food Pub Suffolk Reliable and fair client looking to recruit a Chef de Partie for their coastal flagship country pub. Cooking with fresh ingredients, including fish from the river it s situated on and locally reared meats. Working closely with the Head Chef, as Chef de Partie you will be required to run your section of the kitchen and have a keen interest in the menu. The role of Chef De Partie as always is quite a varied one, from keeping up during busy service to contributing towards the menu that is being ordered from. As always, part of the Chef de Partie role is an amount of prep work, but you won t find boil in the bag rice or maggi stock paste here  you will be able to create great flavours from the ground up in a well stocked and smartly laid out kitchen. Working good hours throughout summer and winter, the position of Chef de Partie is not affected by the seasons so you can guarantee good solid work at all times. The basic salary is competitive at **** plus tips, but for the right Chef de Partie this is not what it will be limited to. If you are a hard working Chef de Partie who is passionate about the food they cook from basic stock to a more intricate dish such as spiced risotto with homemade pesto then this could be exactly what you are looking for. Love cooking? Drive a car? Want to be in a position where you matter? Email your CV today Salary **** tips Ref ****CW Consultant Chris Wilson  Teamed up with Tara within our successful Recruitment Division.  / **** **** We are honest, fast paced and truly passionate about Recruitment. Our Consultants are all highly valued by us and love their work. We look after our clients and really get to know them. If we talk to a client about you then its very likely they will interview you. Its simple, we aim to fit a square peg into a square hole rather than ramming you into a round one. So why not make contact, maybe take a job search at www.clearselection.co.uk and reap the benefits of working alongside us. Clear Selection Recruitment is part of the Clear Selection Group