Title: Assistant Manager Cinnabar Cafe  Stevenage
Webindex: 71959799
Company: Hotels and bars operations limited
Description: We are a busy all day restaurant, cocktail bar and club that is looking to strengthen it’s team with a young, passionate and enthusiastic assistant manager. The venue itself is a stylish cocktail bar and restaurant serving great quality fresh food from 8am until 10pm and a large volume of coffees, cocktails, spirits, wines and beers until the early hours at the weekends. With a reputation for being the place to be, this role requires a candidate with a passion for the industry and a desire to progress not only themselves but also the team and business around them. The individual will be experienced in both floor and bar service, Have a strong knowledge ofcocktails, have excellent customer interaction skills, be very organised, have a cool head under pressure and be proactive in the quieter times. This is an exciting role for anybody who wishes to make a name for themselves within the hospitality industry. With day to day input on the running of the business and an opportunity to learn all aspects of managing a busy bar and restaurant, this really is a great place to be. As an assistant manager your roles will include the running of shifts, both opening and closing the premises and the management of a large team. The correct candidate will have a desire to develop not only the business but the team around them and push continuously towards achieving our goal of perfect service at all times. With a very competitive wage and the opportunity to gain rapid promotion this could be the perfect job for the right person. If you think you have what it takes to really help take this top end venue to the next level then please get in touch with a CV and covering letter. All candidates must be fluent in English and have all the relevant documentation to prove they are eligible to live and work in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerCinnabarCafeStevenage_job****