Title: Restaurant Manager  Fine Dining  Excellent career progression
Webindex: 69182142
Company: Gordon Charles Recruitment Ltd
Description: The Company My client owns a sustainable collection of fine dining restaurants in the UK. Each restaurant is individual, representing the highest standards the industry could offer. Each of the group s restaurants is run by Chefs and Front of House experts that were developed from within the Group giving all Team Members the chance to develop their own individual skills and ambitions to work at the highest level in the hospitality industry. My Client is not about quantity. It is certainly not a chain. It is a breeding ground for raw talent that can be harnessed and focused into running some of the industry s best and most highly regarded fine dining establishments. What we are looking for We are looking for a strong and experienced Restaurant Manager for this amazing restaurant that offers a sophisticated and stylish dining experience. The venue holds **** covers offering lunch and evening service. As Restaurant Manager you will be instrumental in driving the business forward ensuring profit margins are maximised and standards are of the highest degree. This is a rewarding yet challenging role and will require an individual with exceptional people skills and personality. You will also need to be a proven motivator and team leader capable of training and motivating staff members. Please note you will need to have solid experience as Restaurant Manager at a Michelin star / Rosette level to be considered for this role. Candidates will require: Michelin star / Rosette fine dining background Minimum of 2 years experience as Restaurant Manager Ability to uphold exceptionally high standards Capable of dealing with challenging situations Excellent motivational and interpersonal skills The Rewards Basic salary up to ****k per annum ****k bonus paid quarterly Excellent career progression within the Group What Next If you would like to know more or you would like to apply for this exciting Restaurant Manager opportunity please email me at mariagordoncharles.co.uk. I look forward to hearing from you. PLEASE NOTE : Only suitable Restaurant Managers will be contacted. If you have not heard back from us within **** working days please assume that your application has not been successful in this instance. Gordon Charles Recruitment is an equal opportunities employer and acts as an employment agency for Permanent Recruitment