Title: Sous Chef / Assistant Kitchen Manager
Webindex: 70734362
Company: Yo! Sushi
Description: Assistant Kitchen Manager / Sous Chef **** – ****k Depending on experience Benefits  Bonus Looking for a rewarding CHALLENGE?Do you enjoy working in a FASTPACED, FUN, TEAM CUSTOMERFOCUSED ENVIRONMENT? At YO Sushi, we pride ourselves on our brand and our unique customer experience. If you love working in restaurants, have excellent communication skills, love life to the full and are looking for a structured career, YO Sushi could be the place for you. The Perfect Assistant Kitchen Manager: We’re looking for a handson, Passionate and energetic, selfmotivated Assistant Kitchen Manager with the ability to respond quickly to daily business requirements. Someone who thrives on leading by example and developing their team to do the same. Working under the guidance of the Kitchen Manager to set the standards and grow the business delivering the perfect shift. A forwardthinking future leader who likes more than just fresh fish The Role: Reporting to the Kitchen Manager, the Assistant Kitchen Manager is required to be responsible for all aspects of supervising the Kitchen Team and complete responsibility for running the kitchen in the absence of the Head Chef. In addition the Assistant Kitchen Manager will be responsible for: •Setting the standards  Motivating and leading your Team, guiding them in successfully running their departments ensuring your kitchen is set to the highest standards. •Food Quality – having a fantastic working knowledge and understanding of the kitchen including product knowledge. •Customer Service –delivering superior customer service and experience in all aspects of guest interaction. •Profitability – Knowledge of maintaining a food cost as well as accurately report all costs and expenditure alongside actively growing sales. •Performance of your Managers and Team – ensure all managers and team members reach their full potential through ongoing evaluation, listening, coaching and training. •Health and Safety Knowledge of and Adherence to all YO Sushi Company Policies and Procedures – ensuring all your team have been trained and follow YO Sushi procedures and policies To apply you will have: •A number of years previous experience working in a Kitchen management or supervisory position within the catering and hospitality industry. •Proven leadership expertise excellent problem solving skills with the ability to think on your feet and work well under pressure. •An understanding of food costs, stock takes wastage and controls. Adhering to budgets including labour and forecasting. The ability to accurately report to your Kitchen and General Manager on a regular basis. •Fantastic communication skills with the ability to effectively coach and develop your Team. •Good working knowledge of MS Word and MS Excel •Drive and Ambition to grow sales and develop personally with the help of your Team •Must have permission to work within the United Kingdom If you’re passionate about food and want to be part of something different and work in a friendly environment, we definitely would like to hear from you. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SousChefAssistantKitchenManager_job****