Title: VIP Food & Beverage Restaurant Supervisor
Webindex: 71741421
Company: Leisure Jobs
Description: VIP Food Beverage Restaurant Supervisor – up to ****,000 My client is currently recruiting for an experienced Full – Time Food Beverage Restaurant Supervisor for their flagship Private Members Racquets Club in South West London. The Food Beverage Supervisor will carry out all duties to an exceptional standard. As part of the role you will be expected to communicate with the chefs and other members of the team ensuring all standards are met with attention to detail. The ideal Food Beverage Supervisor will be smartly presented at all times, have the confidence to communicate with members and staff at all levels, and be a selfmotivated solution finder. As Food Beverage Restaurant Supervisor you will become part of a special service team that engages with the members throughout their experience. As Supervisor you will oversee the providing of fine, yet unobtrusive service to all members whilst on duty. You'll be passionate about service, with an exceptional working knowledge of restaurant operations and appreciation for attention to detail. This flagship club is the ultimate for those who want the very best in lifestyle, service and fitness. Following a recent refurbishment the club has relaunched a new, adult only, lounge facility with a large sun deck, and is now looking for a professional Food Beverage Supervisor to lead the delivery of a firstclass food and beverage experience to its members as they take full advantage of this peaceful and tranquil retreat. Whether coaching your team, supporting the F B Manager or helping to create the right ambience for the club members you will expected to deliver a continual high level of service at all times. The ideal candidate must have an excellent command of the English language, immaculate grooming and presentation. You will need to have previous Supervisory waiting experience, a la carte and event experience whilst previous bar experience working in fast paced venue is hugely advantageous. Being able to multi task and deliver outstanding customer service whilst under pressure is essential. Benefits include not only working in luxury surroundings and part of a highly professional team, you can also expect a good basic salary, flexible hours and generous company discounts, including free club membership for you and a friend. You must be over 18 and legally entitled to work in the UK and be flexible and able to work a variety of shifts, including weekends, evenings, days and bank holidays. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/VIPFoodBeverageRestaurantSupervisor_job****