Title: General Manager  Pub/Restaurant  Surrey
Webindex: 68678135
Company: Towngate Personnel.
Description: GENERAL MANAGER REQUIRED – ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT / PUB – HIGH QUALITY FRESH FOOD – EXCITING GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES – COMPETITIVE SALARY – PERMANENT POSITION Our client are undergoing some major changes within their business with some excellent growth opportunities and transforming a number of their sites from a restaurant environment to a food led community pub environment. In order to continue their development and growth, they are looking to recruit dynamic and enthusiastic Managers to their sites who can develop and grow their business and take ownership of the management of their sites. We have a specific General Manager position available for one of their established sites based in Chobham.This is a well respected property which will undergo the transformation from Restaurant to Food led Pub next year. We are looking for a strong, outgoing character who has meticulous attention to details, excellent knowledge regarding food and beverage, a friendly and open personality who can engage and get to know their customers but is also able to lead and develop their team. As the manager of one of these sites you will: Be responsible for the day to day running of the business Manage the team and have overall responsibility for recruitment, training and development of the team Be responsible for Gross Profit and costs Manage the budgets and report figures to the Area Manager Deal with customer queries and complaints Drive the business forward and attract and retain customers We are looking for individuals ideally from a Gastro Pub / Restaurant environment who has: Managed a team in excess of **** staff (both front and back of house) Led and developed a high quality, food led business Managed at a minimum 65% GP Has proven leadership and development skills Has excellent communication skills, both verbally and written Our client is undergoing a period of change and as such need individuals who are adaptable and flexible to the needs of the business.They are offering a highly competitive basic salary with bonuses and livein facilities available (suitable for family accommodation) If this position is of interest to you please send your details. We value all applications, however due to the volume of response we are currently receiving, we are only able to contact candidates whose skills and experience closely match the requirements of our clients. In line with the requirements of the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK . As part of the recruitment process, you will be asked to provide documented evidence of eligibility. Contact details: enquiriestowngatepersonnel.co.uk www.towngatepersonnel.co.uk  We value all applications, however due to the volume of response we are currently receiving, we are only able to contact candidates whose skills and experience closely match the requirements of our clients. In line with the requirements of the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK . As part of the recruitment process, you will be asked to provide documented evidence of eligibility. In line with the requirements of the Employment Agencies Act **** Towngate Personnel are prohibited from charging workseekers for work finding services. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GeneralManagerPubRestaurantSurrey_job****