Title: Greggs Assistant Department Manager
Webindex: 70143975
Company: MOTO HOSPITALITY
Description: Moto Hospitality is the UK's leader in Motorway Service Areas. We have **** locations throughout the country, with **** staff dedicated to customer satisfaction and we are looking for an Assistant Department Manager to join the team. Our Greggs Assistant Department Manager at our Cherwell Valley Service Area will fulfil a demanding and challenging role. As the Assistant Department Manager of Greggs your role is to support the Department Manager to ensure that the whole team are focussed on driving sales, driving Operational standards, ensuring brand compliance and to support the Manager to develop the team and to deliver budgeted profit.You will also create a culture of service and sales, inspiring your team to deliver the highest levels of customer service. You will be part of the site management team and be involved in a range of management duties as delegated to you by your Manager. You will need to ensure that all supervisors and team members in the departments are aware of the required brand standards at all time and to monitor day to day operating performance. You will also be involved in all aspects of communication within your team you will get involved in team briefings and appraisals. All of our managers will champion customer service, create a culture of service and sales and lead by example. That’s why this is a great development opportunity and ideal career move. In order to be considered for this post you will ideally have strong experience in the following areas:  High level of customer service  To be committed to the team spirit and harmony  Able to work in a fast paced work environment  Experience of working with a wellknown brand  Proven experience of leading and motivating a team in a branded catering or retail environment Employed by Moto, you will work closely with the site management team, along with our Head Office Support Functions. In return we'll give you all the training and support you need, plus generous benefits and exceptional career opportunities. Our service areas are massive businesses, a high street under one roof with the teams who manage and work in them all employed by us. We have a number of leading high street brands operating at our sites such as Marks and Spencer SimplyFoods, WH Smiths, Burger King, Costa Coffee, Greggs, BP, ESSO and our own restaurant offer, Eat and Drink Co. Greggs is the newest addition to the Moto family offering customers freshly baked foodonthego at a great value. Greggs, the home of fresh baking, is the leading bakery retailer in the UK. Expert bakers for the last 70 yearsserving delicious, freshly baked, quality food to a million customers each day, in over **** shops around the UK. That's why it makes it a great place to work s o come and enjoy the journey with us This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GreggsAssistantDepartmentManager_job****