Title: Assistant Manager  Longford House  Beefeater Grill  Cannock
Webindex: 67772939
Company: Whitbread
Description: Assistant Manager – Beefeater Grill We're looking for customercentric leaders who put the customer at the heart of everything we do. We need leaders who have experience of motivating and inspiring teams: people who are ready for their next move. So, if you want to share in a future that's looking very bright, it's time to Get On and join the **** strong team who eat, sleep and drink hospitality. Who Are We? Our brands are household names and it’s our people who keep them that way. We are always looking for people who embody the Whitbread Way Forward values  genuine, confident and committed  we offer great training, development opportunities and benefits to ensure they stay engaged and motivated. There’s a real buzz around Whitbread right now. We're bucking the trend and proving that in these times of 'austerity' our great value brands, Beefeater Grill, Brewers Fayre, Premier Inn, Table Table and Taybarns, are ones to watch. Hospitality’s leading name is pushing forwards with expansion plans for all of our brands at an unprecedented rate, creating career opportunities all over the country. That means our career opportunities come with massive potential. Not only can you progress quickly within our business, you will have the opportunity to develop an enviable career profile. This is your chance to join a thriving business that offer superb career development potential through our internal development programmes  Shooting Stars, and some very generous rewards. The Brand: This is certainly an exciting time to join Beefeater Grill. Already one of the most recognised Brands in the UK, Beefeater Grill has seen the launch of its new Website and Flaming Good Meal Deals this yearFrom a Career point of view, new openings are appearing all the time and we will open **** additional rooms in Beefeater alone this year. That's not all, as part of the Whitbread group of Hotels and Restaurants, you can take advantage of an even bigger range of career development opportunitiesare YOU ready to 'GET ON?' What We Will Be Looking For In You: As Assistant Manager it is critical that you have the flexibility and willingness to get involved in the business at key times. It is essential to have the ability to engage with and motivate others to deliver a high level of results. To apply and demonstrate a confidence in both business acumen and sales activity. • A relentless drive to have a broad impact rather than just deliver results, with preparation to question and challenge the status quo, and the self assurance that enables goals to be achieved. • The ability to spot issues and opportunities before others, and use robust analytical rigour to frame situations, issues and opportunities in such a way that new perspectives can be found. • A good understanding of yourself and knowledge of how to influence the behaviours of others to achieve goals and get things done, gaining buyin from all audiences. Your Skills and Qualification Will Include: • BTEC, NVQ Level 3 or equivalent is considered to be valuable. • Experience of working within a hotel or restaurant operation at a Team Leader or management level. • Recruitment and selection and employee relations knowledge • Health safety, food safety, licensing laws and cash handling knowledge. • Experience with P L, stock management and cost control. • Effective labour scheduling and processing of payroll. • Knowledge of financial reporting systems, finance policy and procedure. • Understanding of dynamic pricing and application of revenue management. Your Main Responsibilities Will Include: • Recruit, train, motivate, manage and develop your team to maximise talent. • Works closely with General Manager to drive a guest focussed sales strategy, knows local market place and delivers strong revenue streams turning sales into profit. • Passionate and enthused. Uses this to engage others through positive emotional energy. • An impactful communicator who is able to assert and challenge in a confident way. • Strive to run a perfect guest focussed shift on every session. • Has a visible passion and empathy for our product and won’t rest until the perfect product is produced whether it be food or drink or a great nights Your skills and qualifications will ideally include: Management or supervisory experience in the hospitality, retail or leisure industries Confident communicator who is able to build rapport with guests and the team IT literate What we will be looking for in you: This exciting and dynamic management role will require a selfmotivated individual with a positive approach and the ability to lead and motivate others whilst delivering effective business results. As Assistant Manager you will be a confident communicator with strong interpersonal and analytical skills who thrives on customer satisfaction. . This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerLongfordHouseBeefeaterGrillCannock_job****