Title: Assistant General Manager  Beautiful French Brasserie  Windsor
Webindex: 70487276
Company: The Edge Recruitment Ltd
Description: Assistant General Manager  Beautiful French Brasserie  Windsor About the role This is a great opportunity to join a growing restaurant group in the capacity of Assistant General Manager. Offering fresh French food within traditional Parisian styled decor, they are a great company to be joining. Future plans are huge, therefore their is plenty of room for progression. They are looking for forward thinkers who enjoy offering relaxed, polished and stylish restaurant management. Assistant General Manager  French Brasserie  Windsor What they are looking for Experience of managing a large restaurant team. Experience of a challenging environment. The ability to work under pressure is a pre requisite as is the need for a pro active approach to management. The ability to drive your team when busy and ensure that customers satisfaction is at the highest standard. A hands on approach with experience of cashing up procedures, people management, health and safety legislation as well as experience of working in a high standard but high volume restaurant is also required. Assistant General Manager  French Brasserie  Windsor Who they are looking for You must be able to show a significant achievement in the restaurant sector. A knowledgeable, experienced restaurant manager with experience of working in high volume, high quality restaurants. A natural leader who enjoys running a business independently. Knowledge of front and back of house duties and procedures. Approachable, accessible and a passion for the industry. Assistant General Manager  French Brasserie  Windsor How We Can Help? If you have the correct experience and skills for our client, Edge Recruitment will work closely with you and prepare you for all interview stages. We understand our clients needs and can therefore ensure your interview experience is a positive one. Get in touch  Apply today Edge Recruitment. Finding the best restaurant management in Windsor