Title: BAR SUPERVISOR / BAR MANAGER  BRAND NEW HOTEL BAR
Webindex: 69936328
Company: Claire Francis Hospitality Recruitment
Description: We require a Bar Supervisor / Bar Manager for our client a **** Hotel in Haywards for their completely refurbished bar area which has an uber chic feel. Our client is seeking a dynamic and professional Bar Supervisor / Bar Manager who can take ownership of the bar area, making it their own and driving the business to succeed. As Bar Supervisor / Bar Manager you will be responsible for ensuring a top level of service is provided at all times, while maintaining profitability and overseeing the daily functions of a bar. Further duties will include implementing standards and procedures and to ensure staff are properly trained accordingly. A key area for this role is managing your stock effectively, determining the popularity of different brands of beer, wine and liquor and ordering correctly. To apply for this position you will have experience in a similar Bar Supervisor / Assistant Manager role gained within a professional bar operation where you have been successful in driving sales. You will also have outstanding customer service skills, bags of personality and a natural ability with customers. Strong product awareness in this field is a must and experience of cocktails would be an advantage, ideally you will have a personal licence or at least be aware of current licensing legislation. Our client can offer fantastic working environment, a competitive salary of ****?**** and 28 days holiday. To apply for this position you must be eligible to live and work in the UK and be able to attend an immediate interview. Claire Francis Hospitality Recruitment specialises in permanent personnel within the catering and hospitality field and operates as an employment agency. Regrettably due to the high volume of applications we receive we are not able to answer each application individually. If you have not received a reply to you application within 7 days then you application will have been unsuccessful on this occasion