Title: GENERAL MANAGER / RESTAURANT MANAGER  BRANDED RESTAURANT CHAIN
Webindex: 68513582
Company: Detail 2 Leisure
Description: General Manager required. Are you looking for a new and exciting challenge? The possibility to take a step up the ladder and progress your career? Earn more money? Work closer to home? Get a better work / life balance? We are looking for a dynamic and enthusiastic General Manager / Restaurant Manager to be a part of the UK’s newest, most exciting and rapidly growing restaurant brand. The Company: Our clients are some of the UK’s most innovative hospitality companies who are rapidly expanding and offer great development and progression opportunities for the most exceptional and driven candidates. Job Role – General Manager / Restaurant Manager – Branded Restaurant Chain: As the General Manager / Restaurant Manager, your role will be to ensure the operating your restaurant to achieve maximum sales and profit by having motivated and skilled staff who deliver a delightful customer experience. As the General Manager / Restaurant Manager, your key responsibilities will include: Recruiting, training and developing your team to achieve their personal best. Leading positively by example. Setting targets with clear standards and time scales. To actively market and promote your business. To develop your business by continually seeking opportunities to increase sales and improve service anticipating changes and planning accordingly. To assist in controlling the financial performance of the business, seeking to exceed agreed sales and profit targets and achieving agreed margins. Key Attributes  General Manager / Restaurant Manager – Branded Restaurant Chain: We are looking for a General Manager / Restaurant Manager who will “walk the walk” in taking care of their team. We are looking for people with commitment, drive and passion. Ideally you will currently be a successful manager with a customer focused restaurant / foodled pub background. You will be a team player with the desire to develop yourself and those around you. If you are actively looking, or want to be the first to hear about new and exciting opportunities please apply today for an informal conversation in complete confidence. Detail****Leisure is a division of Detail **** Group Limited and acts as an employment agency. We are the chosen recruitment partner for many of the UK's leading hospitality leisure companies. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GENERALMANAGERRESTAURANTMANAGERBRANDEDRESTAURANTCHAIN_job****