Title: Head Pastry Chef  Opportunities to be Creative  Seasonal Menus
Webindex: 68837480
Company: Orcinus Recruit
Description: Icing on the Cake: For this permanent position of Head Pastry Chef the salary is up to **** . It also offers the chance to be part of a growing team in a high profile group Restaurant Bar Group. The Recipe: Head Pastry Chef: A stunning Restaurant in London is currently looking to recruit for a creative Head Pastry Chef to join the team. Responsibilities for the Head Pastry Chef role are : As Pastry Chef you will work with work with locally sourced fresh produce for use of the section to flow with the seasons Ensure smooth running of the Pastry Section Hold good communication skills within the kitchen and with other departments The Melting Pot: Our client is a busy restaurant in London , set in the middle of a bustling high street. The Restaurant has a superb reputation in the local area as the place to dine, any time of the day or night, any day of the week. With facilities to accommodate small private parties as well as a **** cover restaurant this property has a large team in the kitchen to cope with the popular demand for its scrumptious offerings. This company is dedicated to its dynamic team and although has a disciplined work ethic they are committed to ensuring the team are progressed, treated well and enjoy turning up to work day on day to help keep the restaurants **** year reputation of high standards consistent. The Restaurant is part of a larger group of Restaurants and Bars who are looking to expand across London . Essential Elements: This is a great opportunity for an experienced Pastry Chef who wants the flexibility to work with the Head Chef to write their own menus and be creative with recipes. Solid background in fresh food led kitchens The Pastry Chef must be creative and aware of the availability of seasonal produce and flavours to make the most out of this exciting position A motivated team player The Bread Crumbs: Orcinus Recruit Limited is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. In accordance and compliance with the “Asylum and Immigration act ****” all applicants applying for the above position will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to live and work in the United Kingdom. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/HeadPastryChefOpportunitiestobeCreativeSeasonalMenus_job****