Title: Senior Diary & Events Coordinator  De Vere Venues Ltd ?? Colmore
Webindex: 69182237
Company: i resourcer
Description: Senior Diary & Events Coordinator  De Vere Venues Ltd  Colmore Gate Colmore Gate is located in the heart of Birmingham City Centre with Snow Hill Station. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Senior Diary & Events Coordinator, who will actively convert event enquiries into confirmed sales, develop future and repeat business and contribute to the profitability to the company. Responsibilities of Senior Diary & Events Coordinator:  Proactively identify customer needs and provide solutions to match them  Effectively communicate with clients throughout the booking process  Ensure full understanding and management of client requirements and identification of further opportunities  Assist in Wedding administration Benefits included for a Senior Diary & Events Coordinator:  ****5 days holidays plus bank holidays  Private Medical Insurance Scheme  Contributory Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family & Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. You will be working in a busy environment which requires a consistency in customer service, flexibility and being able to work well under pressure. You must have experience in Events, ideally in a Hotel/Conference environment. You may be required to work some weekends to ensure the smooth running of events. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Senior Diary & Events Coordinator (ref: SDEC ****) apply now by forwarding your current CV to Lesley Ward together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space  a forward thinking business with personality & creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Colmore Gate is spread over 2 floors and offers a variety of training and meeting space, with the largest room seating **** The focus will predominantly be on Conference Services, with a strong emphasis on Food, exceptional customer service and Great British Hospitality.