Title: Demi Chef de Partie  Top North Yorkshire Gastro  ****
Webindex: 68706883
Company: Peaks Dales Recruitment
Description: Demi Chef de Partie required for an award winning gastro in North Yorkshire  up to **** Great Tips Live in Available Chance to be part of a growing gastro group with a growing reputation Set in the York, Thirsk, Ripon area of North Yorkshire Our client is a popular destination food led pub with an excellent reputation set in a village in the beautiful vale of York They are looking for an experienced Demi Chef De Partie come on board and join their brigade of **** This busy” foodie” pub prides itself on producing all in house from the freshest local Yorkshire produce. The gastro has won many awards. The establishment uses all local north Yorkshire suppliers and is very proud of this fact. To re literate this fact they produce a daily blackboard menu which utilities the best produce available depending on availability and seasonality. This Demi Chef de Partie position will suit an experienced Commis chef who is passionate about food and shows some flair and imagination. This North Yorkshire gastro has an excellent reputation in the local area and beyond. This busy gastro is producing exciting award winning food for around **** covers on a busy service. This Demi Chef de Partie position will suit a Commis chef/Chef de Partie who is passionate about food and shows some flair and imagination. This Yorkshire gastro has an excellent reputation in the local area and beyond. The establishment uses all local Yorkshire suppliers and is very proud of this fact. To re literate this fact they produce a daily menu which utilities the best produce available depending on availability and seasonality. There will be chances of promotion t sound like the job you are looking for, we have many other Demi Chef de Partie vacancies available, and will be happy to help you find your next exciting position, email Victoria today on victoriapeaksanddalesrecruitment.co.ukwith a copy of your CV. In line with the requirements of the Asylum & Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Documented evidence of the eligibility will be required from candidates as part of the recruitment process.