Title: Exceptional Restaurant Manager****kCheshireConfidential
Webindex: 71442228
Company: SILVERT SERVICE LTD
Description: Exceptional Restaurant Manager****kCheshireConfidential Stunning restaurant, now recruiting for a Restaurant Manager, with real style and character with excellent people skills. This would suit a very talented Restaurant Manager with a comprehensive food and wine knowledge. You will have superb attention to detail. Most importantly, I am looking for a very warm and friendly totally hands on manager, as is a very small team. You will manage the operation. You will provide the service levels required to match the chef's innovative creativity and reputation. You will be responsible for the restaurant, and the entire team, as well as the financials. Some key criteria for the role is: 5 years experience in a High Quality Restaurant with accolades. Experience of managing within a Food and Beverage service and managing an operation effectively Experience of working with budgets, targets and profit and loss accounts Experience of establishing processes and systems Experience of setting and monitoring progress against budgets Experience of, and enthusiasm for, leading and supporting change initiatives Ability to articulate how they have personally increased income and / or reduced costs Experience of creating a customer centred environment Experience of developing others Experience of identifying performance issues and addressing them effectively The salary package including service on offer is up to **** per annum, strictly experience dependent. You will work 5 days out of 7, two fixed days off, with straights and splits. If you match the following criteria, then this position may be for you: 5 years relevant experience Immaculately presented Flexible in approach to work Strong Leader Good Wine Knowledge Effective Communicator Selfmotivated and disciplined Legal Right to work in E.U.(Documentary proof may be needed) Silvert Service is passionate about fostering careers in the hospitality industry. We believe in professional career development, rather than simply placing candidates in jobs. We nurture talent to ensure an enhancement of our client's and the industry's reputation as a whole. I would like to thank you for your interest shown in this position. Please note that we take your application very seriously, but must stress that applications will only be answered in person if they match the criteria of the position advertised.