Title: Creative Sous ChefQuirky & fresh Gastro Pub ****Cheshire
Webindex: 72437795
Company: Catering Services International
Description: Creative Sous ChefQuirky & fresh Gastro Pub ****Cheshire Circa **** plus great service tips Excellent company benefits package The Company Our client operates a contemporary yet quirky gastro pub with in a peaceful setting in Cheshire. This unique village pub offers delicious locally sourced food cooked to an exceptional standard. The pub itself has a warm, welcoming and friendly feel throughout. With comfy sofas and a large selection of items to tease your taste buds, this is definitely the place to spend your free hours relaxing. The role We are looking to recruit an experienced Sous Chef to join this friendly kitchen brigade. The role will include consistently creating and producing food to a high standard. This role will suit a strong Senior Chef de Partie or Junior Sous looking for their first Sous Chef role or an existing Sous Chef looking for a fresh challenge in this beautiful location. The perfect Sous Chef will have previous Gastro Pub experience and a creative outlook on kitchen life. The role of Sous Chef will be to take full control of the kitchen department in the absence of the Head Chef. The Sous Chef will be responsible for staff development, menu / dish creation along with over seeing and ensuring the standard of food. Part of a thriving small collection, there is every opportunity for future progression and development. If you feel you are the right candidate for this role then forward your professional history and explain why you are the best candidate for this role. What We Are Looking For Successful individuals will be able to demonstrate the following: Experience in fresh food dining kitchens is required up to a minimum of an Snr Chef de Partie level. Ability to control, organise and develop a medium sized brigade. Excellent organisation, and communication skills. A passion for food and its presentation, service, and quality. Career minded individuals wishing to excel. Creativity and flair is a desired skill required by our client. What Next? If you would like to know more or you would like to apply for this opportunity pick up the phone and call me, Steve Jamieson , on **** **** **** or simply email me at infocatserv.co.uk . I look forward to hearing from you. We can offer permanent and temporary work to our candidates and we are always looking for good candidates for a variety of roles including Chefs, Management in all disciplines, Housekeepers, Hotel Receptionists and Waiting Staff. Please visit our website for all current vacancies  www.cateringinternational.co.uk Catering Services International acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and as an employment business for the supply of temporary workers.