Title: Head Housekeeper  Maternity Cover
Webindex: 70487152
Company: Ellis Mack
Description: The Role:Head Housekeeper  Maternity Cover Location: Birmingham Package: **** benefits Ellis Mack Recruitment is working with one of Europe s leading hotel brands gaining a reputation for being at the cutting edge of hospitality today, looking to recruit a Housekeeping Manager for its stunning multifaceted Hospitality venue. The role involves taking responsibility for ensuring that the rooms are cleaned to the required standard during a guest stay or upon their departure. The ideal candidate will: •Have experience working as an experienced Housekeeper within a high quality Hotel environment or multifaceted Hospitality / Events environment. •Demonstrate planning and organisational skills. •Take pride in both their own personal performance and that of their team •Be able to inspire their team through clear and concise communication and direction •Be driven and focussed on first class standards across every aspect of the operation both front and back of house. •People focussed  the team and the clients. •Have shown loyalty and longevity throughout their career. Responsibilities include: •You will be required to manage a team of room attendants, public area cleaners and linen porters to ensure that rooms are ready on time. •You will be required to check the rooms are styled with an eye for detail and a passion for cleaning. •You will be expected to motivate the team, allocate daily and weekly tasks, work closely with the maintenance department, order all rooms stock and maintain high standards or cleanliness throughout the hotel. •You will be passionate about hospitality. •You must be organised, an excellent communicator, a hands on manager who has excellent attention to detail. •Experience of working in a housekeeping department of a similar quality hotel is required and previous experience of working with Fidelio / Opera is beneficial. •Head Housekeepers must have passion for hospitality and deliver service with a smile. The Company is a small collection of awardwinning, stylish and unpretentious properties. Career progression within a large forward thinking company and the opportunity to work in a beautiful environment add to the attractiveness of this opportunity. To apply for this role please email your CV to liz.hodnettellismack.co.uk REF: LH**** Ellis Mack Recruitment is operating as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy.