Title: Senior Chef de Partie  De Vere Venues Ltd ?? Latimer Place
Webindex: 68233731
Company: i resourcer
Description: Senior Chef de Partie  De Vere Venues Ltd – Latimer Place Latimer Place is set in **** acres of grounds in Chiltern’s countryside, overlooking the Chess Valley, between Watford and High Wycombe. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Senior Chef de Partie who will be responsible for the delivery of a high standard of food to our guests, and will have the opportunity to move around the sections in the kitchen. Responsibilities of Senior Chef de Partie:  Required to develop the Commis Chef  Adding personality and seasoning to our daily dishes and garnish each plate with care and attention  Required to maintain a high standard of food hygiene. Benefits included for a Senior Chef de Partie:  25 days holidays plus bank holidays  Private Medical Insurance Scheme  Contributory Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers  Live in available We are looking for someone with a keen interest in food and a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. The ideal candidate will be organised, an excellent communicator and a hands on chef with exceptional attention to detail and the passion to go the extra mile for our customers. Previous experience in a similar role is essential. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Senior Chef de Partie (Ref SCDP LAT ****) apply now by forwarding your current CV to Tessa Win together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space – a forward thinking business with personality creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Latimer Place successfully combines contemporary and Victorian architecture to make it an inspiring venue for any business event. The property boasts **** high tech meeting rooms, **** new stylish design bedrooms and an indoor pool. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SeniorChefdePartieDeVereVenuesLtdLatimerPlace_job****