Title: Training Manager  Contract Cleaning Company  Nationwide
Webindex: 71407148
Company: Blue Arrow Birmingham
Description: Training Manager  Contract Cleaning Company  Nationwide Client Profile A well known and established Corporate Cleaning Services company operating nationwide is recruiting for a Training Manager to join their team. Good positioning as a market leader with plans for further expansion and development, this company is very people focused with a fantastic company culture and an emphasis on service delivery and personal development. Job Specification The role reports directly to Associate Director and requires you to assess and observe housekeeping teams within various hotels across the UK and deliver training programmes to new and existing staff to maintain productivity and standards. You must be confident to hold and deliver the training process and improve standards and productivity. Due to the change of concept, this may cause conflict and you must be able to handle this in a friendly and fair way and get the buy in of those around you. The job requires travel and you will be expected to spend time in each unit to ensure the business is being managed correctly in all areas. Actual geographical area will be agreed with the successful candidate but can cover anywhere between Birmingham, Wales, Liverpool to East Anglia, Northumberland and Scotland so your location must be in these areas. Person Specification The role requires someone with previous experience in Management and several years Housekeeping operations experience within the Hotel industry. This role would suit a very experienced Executive/ Head Housekeeper or Supervisor from a branded volume hotel that is looking for a new direction in their career. This is hands on position and your uniform will be the same as your room attendants as you will be showing your team the standards to which the company require. Benefits This role offers a generous salary up to ****k plus a travel card or a fully expensed car depending upon location and the nature of the role. Contact Please send an up to date CV in application for this role to: louise.r.a****lfwal****d****bluearrow.aptrack.co Blue Arrow is one of the UK`s largest recruitment businesses, dedicated to providing bespoke staffing solutions through a network of specialist branches and onsite locations. For over 50 years, our priority has been to work in partnership with our clients and candidates to secure longterm relationships. Blue Arrow provides an extended range of permanent and temporary recruitment services to a variety of public and private sector clients in the following areas:  Catering and Hospitality  Secretarial and Admin  Driving  Industrial and Manufacturing  Distribution and Warehousing