Title: HEAD CHEF MONMOUTHSHIRE
Webindex: 70487187
Company: ME Talent Ltd
Description: MONMOUTHSHIRE IS WHERE THIS HEAD CHEF VACANCY IS Good Live in Possible and benefits and bonus The historic county of Monmouthshire was formed from the Welsh Marches by the Laws in Wales Act **** bordering Gloucestershire to the east, Herefordshire to the northeast, and Glamorgan to the west. FOODIE HISTORY  THIS TELLS YOU IT S A GOOD PLACE FOR A TOP HEAD CHEF Until recently the principality was barely considered as a food destination: the cream of Welsh produce regularly disappeared. lorries transported lobsters, crawfish and crab to lucrative continental markets; loads of prime Welsh lambs went the same route, and beautiful pure milk disappeared into large creameries. The handful of restaurants of note struggled to find any local produce, and most catering establishments didn t even bother. But now a growing number of chefs in Wales are taking advantage of artisan cheeses, organic vegetables, Welsh Black beef, saltmarsh and mountain lamb, plus crabs, lobsters, scallops, mussels, salmon, sewin (local sea trout), bass and sole landed by inshore boats. In rural Wales one needs to learn patience on the roads, as farm traffic, farm and wild animals, horse boxes and supermarket lorries can slow down a journey considerably. So it is best to plan a visit to one particular region and savour its delights at leisure. THE JOB OF HEAD CHEF The restaurant at the ‘ME Talent Inn, they are all called that, but we will tell you the real name if your skills match what the owner is looking for and you could potentially be working there if you have the right attributes. This is an award winning operation, you will need to have worked consistently at **** Rosettes and be used to winning regional awards. The owner is a really nice guy who loves food, is knowledgeable about it and understands his business very well. You will have the right support when you need it, but the autonomy to get on and do the job. He expects you to be a good Manager and developer of your team of aspiring Chefs, a passionate foodie who wants to push his career on further at this top property. WHAT NEXT Do you have your CV saved in your documents? Is it up to date? Then the next part is easy, I take it you want to apply for the job? Then you need to upload your CV through this site, it will end up in our inbox and we will then review it. We get lots of applications and it is impossible to get back to everyone. We promise to ring you if your CV matches what the owner is looking for and we then need to have a detailed chat. Your next job is as important to us as it is to you so make time. We can call back at a convenient time but please pick up the phone when we call. Go on then…APPLY