Title: Plate waiter  Manchester  ****phr
Webindex: 71845933
Company: Evolve Hospitality
Description: Plate waiter  Manchester  ****phr We are working with very prestigious events venues in Manchester City Centre and the surrounding area, providing plate waiters for lunch and dinner services. The events are all managed by experienced hospitality teams so each plate waiter will be fully briefed and receive plenty of support during the event. Ideally you will have some previous experience as a plate waiter delivering banquets for up to **** guests, however if you have experience in other areas of hospitality I also want to hear from you as this can be picked up very quickly. Evolve hospitality are accredited to provide full training to the Academy of Food and Wine Service standards. If training is required we are happy to provide this. Please contact one of our consultants for further information. Plate Waiter Features:  You will be working at prestigious events for well known venues  Work around your schedule  Great rates of pay  earn up to **** per week  Join a great team  Immediate Start Plate Waiter Requirements:  You must be reliable, presentable and trustworthy  Ideally you will have a hospitality and banqueting background  Your own transport is an advantage but will be provided if required Additional Info : We pay all our plate waiters a minimum of ****phr which the highest rate in the Manchester area. So if you are interested in Hospitality and Events, or if you are between jobs and are looking to earn great money doing temporary work then get in touch straight away. You will be paid weekly into your bank account and work for one of the friendliest teams of consultants there is in the UK The Evolve Hospitality team prides itself on supplying quality staff for quality places and we would love you to be part of our team. Don t keep a good thing to yourself We grow our business through referrals, so please don t keep us to yourself. If you think we re doing a good job and know of someone who would benefit from our services, please pass on their name and number to me and I promise we will follow it up. Many thanks. Evolve Hospitality Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. We are committed to equality of opportunity for all candidates. For more opportunities, please visit www.evolvehospitality.co.uk