Title: General Manager  Preston
Webindex: 71684530
Company: Ember Inns
Description: Working at Ember Inns Do you value the more civilised things in life like cask conditioned real ales, fine wines, freshly prepared pub food and modern surroundings? Then look no further than the vacancies at Ember Inns. We ve got exactly the workplace you re looking for. Great British pub food and fine cask ales Ember Inns are some of the best real ale pubs in Britain. So there s no better place to master the art of keeping Cask Marque certified real ales, or the skills to prepare and serve delicious, seasonal pub food. Welcome to Ember Inns Anderton Arms The Ember Inn, Anderton Arms is special because it is a great local Ember Inns. Delivering great front of house standards this site has a thriving local drink and food business which is in substantial growth. Ember Inns are the best real ale pubs in Britain with an unrivalled choice of perfectlykept cask beers. But it s not just the ales that are real at Ember Inns. These are real local pubs with delicious real pub food, real feature fireplaces, real leather sofas and not a plastic beam or a false bookcase in sight So, if you like your pubs real, come and join us. What you ll do in this role As General Manager of an Ember Inn you ll be responsible for keeping it real, from the real traditional pub atmosphere to the superb homecooked pub food. Most important of all, you ll know that the magnificent naturally fermented ales in your cellar will need nurture to bring out their nature. Because without a great cellar as General Manager you won t be a great seller at an Ember Inn As General Manager you ll be training and leading a large team You ll ensure good first impressions, last impressions and those in between You ll nurture and grow the business You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding career with us You ll benefit from our awardwinning Management Programme What will make you perfect for the job? General Manager level experience in a high volume, ideally branded, pub or restaurant A passion for delivering great service with the personal touch and attention to detail to ensure that every single customer comes back for more The personality, energy and charisma to inspire, lead and develop a large committed team The ability to impress a highly individual and diverse clientele The financial acumen to plan and grow the business to achieve its full potential What we offer Attractive salary Generous bonus scheme earn up to 100% of your salary General Manager benefits package A commitment to a quality training programme The potential to enjoy a long and successful career with us Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.