Title: Reception Manager/Front of House Manager
Webindex: 68683408
Company: Adia Blue
Description: We have a unique opportunity for a confident experienced Front Office Manager/Reception Manager who want to further there career and eventually become an Operations Manager as you will be on the management track and trained accordingly, this role is available because the last Front Office Manager/Reception Manager has taken up an Operations Managers role in another hotel, you would need to be confident and outgoing for this role and very career minded, you will be working as pary of an existing team. Our client prides its self on offering pristine facilities to its guests and members. As the Front Office Manager/Reception Manager you will be part of a lively team, taking an hands on approach working on a constantly busy reception desk, as well as overseeing service levels when people arrive at the hotel or when future guests make telephone enquiries. It's vital that they are warmly and efficiently welcomed, equally when they check out, we want them to leave happy and satisfied, looking forward to their next visit. As the Front Office Manager/Reception Manager your duties will include providing a warm, vibrant welcome to all guests on their arrival, assisting guests in a friendly, courteous and professional manner with registration (ensuring any special requirements are noted) and check out, to take every opportunity to upsell on facilities and are able to convey information regarding other hotels in the group, you will have full knowledge of rates and terms of business and take every opportunity to upsell rooms with the aim of achieving maximum occupancy at maximum rate as well as dealing with complaints politely and positively making every effort to resolve to the customers satisfaction. As part of the management team you will be responsible for balancing the system on a daily basis, ensuring rotas are entered into the inhouse system within timeframes and updated on a daily basis dealing with any concerns swiftly, producing daily reports, attending the departmental meetings as well as holding team meetings; take notes and review with your Manager as well as inductions with new and existing team members ensuring all training records are kept uptodate. To be a successful candidate for this role you must have worked as a Front of House or Reception Manager or Head Receptionist previously in a **** or **** busy hotel, be able to communicate clearly, confidently and courteously with excellent organisational skills. You will be able to prove exceptional management skills, and be able to show evidence of leading, training and supporting the team. You will receive excellent benefits including fantastic career progression, 5 weeks holiday, BUPA, staff discount, uniform, and excellent career progression. This position is available immediately. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ReceptionManagerFrontofHouseManager_job****