Title: Hotel Duty Manager  **** Star
Webindex: 71741483
Company: Kelly Services
Description: Kelly Services are currently working with a key client to recruit a passionate and career focused Hotel Duty Manager for their stunning 5 Star, multirosette level property in the Scottish Highlands. This is a seldom available opportunity to join a leading, award winning Scottish hotel and have the chance to live and work in a gorgeous location. The Role: Reporting to and deputising for the General Manager, you will have a solid understanding across all hotel functions with a particular focus on the fine dining restaurant and front of house operations. Ensuring customer satisfaction is being constantly maintained and improved you will be a visible point of contact for any customer queries. As Duty Manager you will lead and motivate the team and ensure that all guests receive the experience expected from a 5 Star Hotel. The Candidate: The successful candidate will possess excellent communication, interpersonal and organisational skills and have the capacity to confidently manage people and challenging situations. You will have a hands on and proactive work ethic and be passionate and committed to delivering unrivalled customer care. This is a very hands on role which will require you to help in the bar, taking orders from guests for dinner and making sure they enjoy their stay. A strong knowledge of food and wine is imperative and experience of working within a similar luxury environment. Salary and Benefits: This is an excellent opportunity to join one of Scotland's most prestigious venues in a management role. There is a competitive salary of 18,600 on offer to the right candidate, dependant on experience, excellent benefits and short term livein accommodation available for candidates relocating. Due to the location of this property it is imperative that you are a driver with your own transport. To apply please send an up to date CV with a cover letter detailing your notice period, location and transport to Antonia Carter. Kelly services are operating as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/HotelDutyManager5Star_job****