Title: Head Chef  Cheltenham
Webindex: 69251565
Company: Premium Country Dining Group
Description: Head Chef ******** Working at Premium Country Dining Group restaurants If you aspire to working in the refined and sophisticated environment of a topclass country restaurant, we ve got some exceptional vacancies in some beautiful locations. Country dining doesn t get any better It s easy to take pride in your work when you re delivering top quality food designed by passionate chefs. Add to that some beautiful buildings and subtly designed interiors (often incorporating the pub's original features and log burning fires), and you can go to work knowing you re part of something truly exceptional. Welcome to Premium Country Dining Group The Langton Head Chef required for an exciting Premium Country Dining pub in Cheltenham. This is an opportunity to assist an Experienced General Manager, in one of our classic Premium Conversions. The pub is set in Cheltenham combines the best aspects of a traditional country pub with the standards quality of a fine dining restaurant The Langton has a General manager with big ideas as well a wealth of experience within the premium market. We are looking for a Chef that is hungry to progress succeed within the hospitality industry. Our Head Chef will have freedom to create daily specials, as well as the opportunity to show case their skills with a range of buffets functions. The successful applicant will have a good understanding of business the catering industry. However a genuine passion for hospitality fresh food is a must. We offer great starting salaries, performance related bonuses genuine career progression within the leading Premium pub market. As Head Chef with us, you ll be helping to bring eating out into the **** st century. In a superb country pub with subtle decor and a relaxed style of sophisticated contemporary dining. But we ve also retained some beautiful things from the past with fantastic traditional features and roaring log fires. We ll want you to do exactly the same in bringing all the good things from your past too What you ll do in this role You ll be responsible for training, moulding and motivating your team in the kitchen. You ll control stock levels and ordering. In fact, you ll be responsible for everything that comes into our kitchen and everything that goes out. So there ll be no passing the mustard till every juicy steak has passed muster with you As Head Chef you ll make sure that every dish is sheer perfection as it makes its way from kitchen to table You ll be responsible for training and motivating your staff ensuring a perfect blend in the kitchen You ll be responsible for food stock control and ordering You ll be accountable for the kitchen s financial performance You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding managerial career with us What will make you perfect for the job? Head Chef / team leader experience in a high volume, branded environment A passion for delivering great food and an obsessive attention to detail ensuring that every dish that leaves the kitchen leaves a guest satisfied Leadership qualities with the enthusiasm and charisma to inspire your team Attention to the maintenance of profit margins Strict about conforming to health and hygiene regulations Excellent communication skills Enthusiasm, a strong work ethic and a hunger to learn Minimum level 2 food safety (and preferably higher) What we offer Highly competitive salary Attractive bonus package up to ****k Opportunity to join a defined contribution pension scheme 5 weeks paid holiday Other lifestyleflexible benefits Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.