Title: General Catering Assistant
Webindex: 68234588
Company: Innovate Services Ltd
Description: General Catering Assistant Be part of a change in school catering At Innovate we began a revolution in school catering. We believe that school catering has been trapped in a time warp for far too long. It hasn't worked for pupils, staff, local authorities or caterers. Innovate Services is rapidly expanding company who rip out the old school canteens and create a modern coffee shop environment serving freshly made, healthy food and drinks. We are looking for motivated individuals to join our team. Transforming School Catering General Catering Assistant **** per hour 15 hours per week (Mon Fri ****.00am – 1pm) Termtime only  40 weeks paid for 44 weeks, salary paid equally over 12 months Position based at: Tytherington High School Manchester Road Macclesfield Cheshire SK10 2EE As a General Catering Assistant you will assist in the smooth and efficient running of the catering unit. You will prepare and cook food for sale each day (including making sandwiches, rolls, salads and hot meals). You will display all products ensuring exceptional standards and that sales are at the maximum at all times. You will also operate the tills and carry out cleaning tasks, as required throughout the day, and ensuring the unit is clean and food is prepared before leaving each day. The successful applicant will be able to work as part of a team, not be afraid of getting their hands dirty and have a ``can do`` attitude. Previous experience of working within a high volume contract catering environment is desirable. You should be able to communicate fluently in English (spoken and written). You will need to have an outgoing and friendly manner, be able to work under pressure and work well within a team.Flexibility to your work and hours is also needed.You need to have some basic IT knowledge (use of email/Internet and word) to be able to undertake online training. Training is compulsory and supplied the company, which you must undertake. Please email your recent CV and Cover letter if you wish to apply for this position by clicking the APPLY button below, stating reference 'Tytherington General Assistants'. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GeneralCateringAssistant_job****