Title: Assistant Manager  Cruise Ships
Webindex: 71659320
Company: Carnival UK
Description: Assistant Manager  Cruise Ships Salary **** per month worked, potentially tax free and a chance to see the world. P needs. We have an exciting opportunity for you to join our world famous ‘Pursers Office team in the role of Assistant Manager. Your main responsibility will be to provide excellent customer service to both our passengers and crew. Dealing with passenger queries and complaints, assisting in producing the passenger immigration paperwork and ensuring that our crew get paid on time, are just some of the other duties you will perform. Therefore excellent communication and customer skills are essential.The Assistant Manager is responsible for carrying out a variety of responsibilities in accordance with the policies and procedures of the company, the Captain and Hotel Manager on the ship, plus adherence to all financial and accounting procedures. The Assistant Manager is expected to take ownership of any customer related service issues and effectively resolve them unless he/she believes that involvement of senior management is required. To be considered for this excellent opportunity, you will have 12 years experience in a **** star hotel in a front of house customer service position with cash handling experience. You need to be able to demonstrate great customer service skills and have proven ability to solve problems in your previous role/s and excel in the task of solution. You will have an in depth understanding of the reception operations, both back and front of house. The ideal candidate will be able to identify areas for improvement, work together as a team to agree on the best possible solution and deliver an outcome that builds on all round guest satisfaction. In return, we are offering an excellent career opportunity, lifestyle change, a competitive and potentially tax free salary. You will have the opportunity to see the world, meet new people and gain some fantastic experiences that you will remember for the rest of your life. To apply please email your CV and covering letter, quoting ref: AM/FEB/**** via the below 