Title: Cafe Manager
Webindex: 68087715
Company: Regenesis Recruitment
Description: COMPANY DESCRIPTION This is a fantastic opportunity for someone with a passion for great food, amazing ingredients and exceptional customer service, who enjoys the buzz and excitement of getting a new business off the ground. We are looking for a charismatic and dynamic individual for my clients’ brand new, independently owned caf and deli located within an exciting activities centre in this popular and affluent town. A rare opportunity to be part of an exciting new venture from preopening, whilst really influencing the development of a unique concept in the area. JOB DESCRIPTION Initially you will be responsible for working alongside the owner preparing to get the cafe open for its first day of business Tasks will include finalising supplier sourcing and setting up ordering and accounts processes, writing staff training manuals and completing necessary health and safety documents. Upon opening you will be responsible for the daytoday management of the caf and initially all food preparation within this exciting operation. The role demands a creative, upbeat and personable Caf Manager that possesses the ability to win the hearts, minds and stomachs of the customer You will be willing to be very much a hands on manager with a real passion for food and customer service. The Caf Manager will have the opportunity to introduce new incentives and implement new ideas whilst keeping the offering innovative but keeping a high attention to detail. QUALIFICATIONS You will ideally have:  a thorough understanding of food preparation and service  a proven track record in supervising a high quality and healthy food outlet  an obsession with outstanding customer service  a clear understanding of stock management and customer needs  confident in your approach and possessing excellent commercial awareness  Great leadership qualities and the ability to enthuse those working for you  Excellent, down to earth attitude and communication skills Your role will be varied and will include: • Food preparation • Food customer service • Maintaining health and safety – following set procedures and guidelines • Managing kitchen hygiene • Cash handling • Management of staff • Stock management ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Salary ****  **** This is an amazing opportunity working within a great environment What Next ? This opportunity will not be around for long and it is about the Personality and drive as much as experience. Send in your CV now and tell me why you are the perfect fit for my client. Regenesis Recruitment are proud to say that we respond to all candidates that are kind enough to apply for any position with us. In advertising this vacancy Regenesis Recruitment are working as a Recruitment Agency advertising on behalf of our client This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CafeManager_job****