Title: Baker  country estate tearoom
Webindex: 70293327
Company: Reed Hospitality Leisure
Description: Baker Medium sized tearoom Historic country estate s most historic houses, gardens and estates, with locations across the country. This location is an informal garden, with unrivalled views across Kent, incorporating a medium sized tearoom providing light lunches, sandwiches and afternoon teas. The tearoom seats **** inside and **** outside in the summer months. We are now looking for an experienced Baker to join this team. You will have experience as a baker or pastry chef and be responsible for all baking on site. Hours will vary throughout the year dependent on the season and you will need to be flexible as some weekends and bank holidays will be required  however, even in summer peak times, the opening hours are 10am to 5pm. Responsibilities: • Provide a warm, friendly welcome to all visitors • Prepare cakes and desserts in high volumes to standard recipes with consistency of product, maximising gross profit and minimising wastage. • Ensure that all food is produced and presented to standards as set by the Catering Development Manager and undertake all tasks relating to food storage such that food safety guidelines are met. • Ensure waste efficiency such that the business is enhanced by improved ratios and ensure stock control guidelines and effective portion control are adhered to. • All staff are expected to observe health and safety at work regulations in accordance with statutory obligations and to take reasonable care for the health and safety of themselves and of others who may be affected by their acts or omissions at work. Knowledge / experience required: • Holds a cooking qualification • COSHH trained • Holds intermediate Food Hygiene certificate • Holds Basic Food Hygiene certificate • Health and safety training • Knowledge of HACCP procedures • Good level of numeracy and literacy If you enjoy the buzz of working in a lively, closeknit kitchen with talented people, please attach an uptodate CV to your application.