Title: Multi Unit Manager (Bars) North East area
Webindex: 69995651
Company: SSP UK Ltd
Description: About SSP  The Food Travel Experts SSP are the 'Food Travel Experts'. We are the leading dedicated operator of food and beverage brands in travel locations worldwide. We have a long heritage in food and travel, with over 60 years experience in the industry. All our operations feature a mix of food and beverage brands tailored specifically for each location. SSP employs c **** staff across ****2 countries, and serves millions of customers every week. The Role Key Accountabilities This fantastic opportunity is responsible for managing 3 small bar operations (Newcastle, York Leeds train stations). The sites are supported by Assistant Managers who take responsibility for the day to day operations and ensure delivery of their own site KPI's  financial results, service standards and brand audit results. As a Multi Unit Manager (reporting in to the regional Operations Manager), this is a hands on management role with direct P L accountability for two cost centres and one on an interim basis. Once you have completed your 12 week induction and training period, you will take ownership for the daily operation of your base location site and the other bars, ensuring the quality of service delivered by your teams and the site's financial performance. You'll also be responsible for monitoring overall quality and operating standards in the units (legislation compliance, licensing, hygiene, health safety, service levels, production operation etc.) You will be a crucial link between the regional operations manager and the unit based teams, communicating key information, keeping them motivated and striving for success. Life at the station is not '****' and to see how the operation trades at different times of the day / week, you need to be available to work varied shifts, including evenings / earlies and weekends. Skills Experience As the manager of multiple units with a remote line manager, to be successful in this role you will need to be able to demonstrate a proven track record in managing multiple revenue streams, and preferably within a similar corporate or branded licensed retail company with set operating standards and procedures. We are looking for the following skills and characteristics in the successful candidate:  Proven business management skills, able to manage profit and loss and be commercially aware, driving revenue with good cost controls.  A motivational and inspirational leader with drive and passion to succeed.  Keen to develop the managers and wider team and move the business forward, taking standards to the next level  Confident and effective communication skills at all levels.  A background within a similar branded multisite environment (licensed bar, cafe, restaurant, bakery, fast food or coffee retail brands)  Highly organised with effective planning and analysis skills to ensure you achieve set objectives within deadlines and can effectively utilise resources to get results.  Experience of managing remote teams and achieving results through your people, able to plan your time effectively to ensure each site gets the appropriate level of support as required. Local Site Brand Information Which ever location you're based at, Newcastle York and Leeds all have a mix of other SSP units (such as Upper Crust, Caffe Ritazza, Pumpkin Cafe, Pasty Shop, Burger King etc.) so you'll be part of a larger management team operating within the region and have future development opportunities if you want to experience different brands. Benefits Incentives In addition to a competitive salary, you can earn up to 30% bonus, receive 28 days holiday (including bank holidays), contributory pension, lots of discounts of both SSP brands and high street retailers, opportunities for your future career progression into other brands or more senior strategic management roles, and ongoing support from head office functions to help you manage your business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MultiUnitManagerBarsNorthEastarea_job****