Title: Sous Chef****tipsHertfordshire
Webindex: 67641147
Company: Ideal chef recruitment agency
Description: Sous Chef****tipsHertfordshire. Organisation Description: Providing delicious and innovative food in a rustic setting, complemented by the highest standards of service, but without pretension or formality, this establishment is the perfect setting to enjoy fantastic food on the terrace during the summer months or to snuggle up to the log fire when that winter chill sets in. Job Description: The sous chef will need to be experienced in working in a busy kitchen using fresh ingredients serving **** covers a week. Duties of the sous chef at this establishment will have complete responsibility for the running of the kitchen in the absence of the head chef and is required to be able to work within a small team. Having full responsibilities of the sections that they are running, to make sure all produce is sent out to constantly high standards, menu planning, creation and development, ordering, staffing rotas, and upholding all aspects of health and safety and stock rotation. Management skills are required including supplier management, detailed food costing and GP s etc. Job Requirements: It s essential that the sous chef is a strong team leader who is full of fresh ideas, flexible, and a team player who is capable at working at a hard pace. The candidate needs to be well organised, focused, determined and driven who has at least 12 years experience within a sous chef role. They need to be creative and enthusiastic with a passion and flair for their job, and who is a completely reliable member of the team. Will need catering qualifications, proven experience, references (UK) and a current Food Hygiene Certificate. Accommodation: None Available. In line with the requirements of the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. As part of the recruitment process, you will be asked to provide documented evidence of eligibility