Title: General Manager New Opening Amazing French Restaurant Tunbridge Wells
Webindex: 69827950
Company: The Edge Recruitment Ltd
Description: This is a top end exclusive restaurant group that is due to hit the Tunbridge Wells restaurant scene with a bang A fantastic opportunity has arisen to join thisnew opening restaurant in the capacity of General Manager. With a growing restaurant portfolio, this group is very much on the up and taking the country by storm. The restaurant will be in a prime Tunbridge Wells location. Set in a French brasserie style, there aren t many restaurant businesses out there that will be able to compete when it comes to food quality and price. As the manager of the Tunbridge Wells restaurant you will have full autonomy to drive the restaurant forward. You will manage your team, including Assistant Manager s, to continued success. The General Manager of this business is required to ensure the business is successful in all areas. And that profitability expectations are surpassed. The successful manager will promote repeat business and ensure the restaurant has the highest reputation in the Tunbridge Wells area. As the manager of this business you will be allowed to give it a personal touch. It is important that you are engaging and inspiring so that your team of managers, chefs and waiters are consistently amazing Our client want their restaurant to be the most talked about in Tunbridge Wells. The ingredients needed for the right person include: Strong people person with experience of managing large teams, A customer focused manager, a business minded manager who has run big and successful restaurants, some experience in managing within a branded operation would be preferable. If you are interested in discussing this job in more detail we would love to see your CV Apply today Edge Recruitment are an established recruiter with a strong focus on finding manager s and chefs for national restaurant groups UK wide. If you have the correct experience and skills for our client we will work closely with you and prepare you for all interview stages. We understand our clients needs and can therefore ensure your interview experience is a positive one.