Title: Sales Manager  MICE ****
Webindex: 70032108
Company: K.B.C. Associates Limited
Description: POSITION: Sales Manager  MICE DEPARTMENT: Sales CONTRACT: Fulltime PURPOSE OF JOB To significantly contribute to the sales effort of the property, as directed, in line with overall financial business mix objectives. To maintain and increase existing accounts by personal and consistent sales service together with the development of new accounts by planned coordinated sales efforts, resulting in the achievement of the hotel & region profit plan RELATIONSHIPS All Hotel Executive Management team, all other Sales Offices, Marketing, Office, Distribution Services, Key Head Office Executives and external PR Agencies Reports to Director of Sales DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Accountable for developing the corporate market (transient and group). To assist in driving all Sales activity to develop new and existing accounts at hotel level and on a National and International basis. To manage the existing account base and to maximise revenue through this account base by achieving the agreed account revenue targets through the implementation and development of account plans and activities. To analyse productivity figures for all selected accounts. To achieve set Revenue Targets for New Business as agreed and set out in the Sales Activity Plan. To undertake all sales activity in line with the agreed expense budget. To achieve a weekly set target (TBA) of sales calls and to report on the productivity and development of these accounts on a monthly basis. To identify and generate sales leads for business development from all available channels. Identify and act upon opportunities for the development of additional customers in order to increase revenues. To capture a greater market share and increase revenues through local & international initiatives in conjunction with sales resources. To agree with the DOS annual personal business objectives and to set monthly objectives for accounts to be reviewed monthly (Local, National and International accounts). To participate in team communication through weekly and monthly sales team meetings. To assist in the planning of local sales promotions for relevant market segments,in order to maintain competitiveness To provide accurate management reports to ensure information relating to customer requirements, interests and market activities is kept up to date through the use of account management system. To regularly visit competitor hotels to analyse customer base, and identify accounts/meetings business to be targeted. To communicate closely with Reservation and Reception on the profile and handling of new or developing accounts to ensure continuity, recognition and service delivery To keep up to date with market trends, competitor developments and customer performance and communicate this information to the relevant individuals within the Hotel and organisation. To project a positive hotel image in sales presentations and community activities To undertake all networking activity for existing and prospect accounts where requested Any other reasonable duties as required.