Title: Kitchen Manager  Hampshire
Webindex: 68808519
Company: Harvester
Description: Working at Harvester Friendly, familyfocused food is what we re all about. So if you love making kids smile as much as you like delicious, freshlychargrilled food, look no further than our Harvester. Great food for all the family There s always a happy family buzz about Harvester, and this friendly, vibrant atmosphere can really help your career takeoff. Develop your skills by preparing and serving a great range of delicious grills, spit roasts, farm assured chicken and fish. Learn how to keep the whole family happy with special Young Guest dishes, kids activity sheets and the famous unlimited visits Harvester salad bar. Welcome to the Harvesters in Fareham. Harvester Buccaneer is special because it is extremely popular and busy restaurant close to Funtley, Titchfield and Bridgemary. Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle You ll find plenty of happy families at Harvester. Including the great big happy family that works here In fact, here at Harvester the happy family atmosphere seems to make big kids of everyone. So why not join us as Kitchen Manager and help to keep our family happy in the kitchen too? What you ll do in this role The happy heart of a Harvester is its kitchen. As Kitchen Manager it ll be up to you to keep the happiness coming by making sure nothing, but nothing, leaves the kitchen unless and until you re happy with it. In fact, if things aren t absolutely spoton, you ll be the one person in the place who s allowed to pull an unhappy face As Kitchen Manager, you ll make sure that every dish is sheer perfection as it makes its way from kitchen to table You ll be responsible for training and motivating your staff ensuring a perfect blend in the kitchen You ll be responsible for food stock control and ordering You ll be accountable for the kitchen s financial performance You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding managerial career with us What will make you perfect for the job? Kitchen Manager / team leader experience in a high volume, branded environment A passion for delivering great food and an obsessive attention to detail ensuring that every dish that leaves the kitchen leaves a guest satisfied Leadership qualities with the enthusiasm and charisma to inspire your team Attention to the maintenance of profit margins Strict about conforming to health and hygiene regulations Excellent communication skills Enthusiasm, a strong work ethic and a hunger to learn Minimum level 2 food safety (and preferably higher) What we offer Highly competitive salary Attractive Kitchen Manager bonus package up to ****k Opportunity to join a defined contribution pension scheme 25 days holiday Other lifestyleflexible benefits Apply now If you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.