Title: Front of House Catering Supervisor (Full Time)
Webindex: 68695345
Company: Support Services Group
Description: ROLE SUMMARY: This role will involve ensuring that the customer experience in our tearooms meets the highest standards and that all our customer facing staff are trained, motivated and supervised to ensure these standards are met. The Front of House Supervisor will take a lead in ensuring that day to day operations run smoothly and efficiently in the Tearooms. This important role demands high levels of commitment and flexibility. KEY RESULT AREAS: The post holder shall: Provide effective supervision of the front of house operation to ensure that customer service standards are maintained and that an exemplary visitor experience is maintained. Ensure that the service areas and customer areas are presented to the highest standards, the queuing system is managed effectively and that tables are cleared efficiently and quickly. Contribute to serving customers efficiently within the tearoom at the assisted serve counter, including operating relevant equipment effectively and safely and at special events/functions/wedding receptions. Respond quickly and efficiently to all customer comments and queries. Ensure the accurate operation of all tills and other equipment used by front of house staff. Assist in the training of all staff and volunteers in the catering department. Assist the Catering Manager in developing and delivering the functions and events business. Assist with the electronic catering 'Saffron’ system, to help regularly review and analyse catering business performance and take steps to address any performance issues. Be accountable for their personal development through the appraisal process. (Individuals with line management responsibility are also accountable for the development of their staff.) Take reasonable care for the health and safety of themselves and of others who may be affected by their acts or omissions at work. ACCOUNTABILITIES OF THE ROLE: As a Front of House Supervisor the post holder will be accountable for the efficient running of all customer service aspects of the catering outlets . Line Management Responsibility: As a line manager you are accountable for the performance leadership and development of your team. Budget Responsibility: To ensure accuracy of all till operations. Asset Responsibility: Responsible for upkeep of all front of house equipment Other Relevant Information: To ensure that all front of house are working to the company standards with regards to providing exemplary customer service ACCOUNTABILITIES OF THE ROLE: As a Front of House Supervisor the post holder will be accountable for the efficient running of all customer service aspects of the catering outlets . Line Management Responsibility: As a line manager you are accountable for the performance leadership and development of your team. Budget Responsibility: To ensure accuracy of all till operations. Asset Responsibility: Responsible for upkeep of all front of house equipment Other Relevant Information: To ensure that all front of house are working to the company standards with regards to providing exemplary customer service Internal Contacts: Commercial Manager, Catering staff, property team, volunteers, regional and national staff KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: KNOWLEDGE: Essential:Good local knowledge and/or familiarity with Osterley Park and House Good standard of education  fully literate and numerate A thorough knowledge of achieving high standards of customer service is essential. Desirable:Minimum Level 2 Hygiene Certificate. Basic EPOS knowledge SKILLS: Essential: The ability to lead by example and work efficiently without supervision. It is essential that the role holder has the ability to react quickly to ensure customer satisfaction in the catering services is guaranteed. Good communication skills are essential. Desirable: Computer skills (Word, Excel and email) EXPERIENCE: Essential:Previous experience in a customer facing role Cash handling Desirable:Previous experience in a cafeteria style catering outlet . End of day cashing up experience This is an annualised role so hours worked may vary from month to month but the salary will be paid monthly in **** equal instalments over the year. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FrontofHouseCateringSupervisorFullTime_job****