Title: Chef de PartieMin Wage to start tipsHertfordshire
Webindex: 69001897
Company: Ideal chef recruitment agency
Description: Chef de Partie******** per hour to start  tipsHertfordshire. Organisation Description: Providing delicious and innovative food in a rustic setting, complemented by the highest standards of service, but without pretension or formality, this establishment is the perfect setting to enjoy fantastic food on the terrace during the summer months or to snuggle up to the log fire when that winter chill sets in. Job Description: We are looking for chef de partie to join our team chefs in our busy kitchen serving fresh British produce catering for **** covers per week. This is a full time position. Duties are having full responsibilities for the section that you are running, to make sure that all food produce and orders needed for your section are handed in to the head chef, upholding all aspects of health and safety, stock rotation, assisting the senior chefs in the kitchen and ensuring that all food produce goes out to customers to a high standards at all times. Job Requirements: It s essential that the chef de partie is a strong team leader who is full of fresh ideas, flexible and a team player who is capable at working at a hard pace. The chef de partie needs to be well organised. The candidate needs to be focused, determined and driven. Successful applicants will be passionate about good food and have experience working with fresh ingredients. They should be keen to learn new skills and be part of our friendly and inventive team and preferably should hold a current basic food hygiene certificate (training can be provided). They need to be creative and enthusiastic with a passion and flair for their job, and who is a completely reliable member of the team. The chef de partie must have an eye for detail with an exceptional attitude. Salary will depend on experience but is likely to start at hourly minimum wage with option to progress. Working 5 days in **** with some split shifts. Accommodation: None Available. In line with the requirements of the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. As part of the recruitment process, you will be asked to provide documented evidence of eligibility