Title: Sales Office Manager (Maternity Cover)  De Vere Venues Ltd ?? Wok
Webindex: 72437873
Company: i resourcer
Description: Sales Office Manager (Maternity Cover)  De Vere Venues Ltd  Wokefield Park Wokefield Park is a unique venue set in the rural Berkshire countryside. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Sales Office Manager, who will be responsible for the effective management of the Venue s Sales activities. Responsibilities of Sales Office Manager:  Work within an agreed budget to maintain and develop existing client base  Manage a team in which client expectations are of the highest priority  Ensure that revenue targets are met and exceeded  Motivate the team to provide a top rate service to our guests Benefits included for Sales Office Manager:  25 days holidays plus bank holidays  Private Medical Insurance Scheme  Contributory Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family & Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers The ideal candidate will be organised, an excellent communicator and a hands on Manager with exceptional attention to detail and the passion to go the extra mile for our customers. Previous experience and the proven ability to manage people within a similar role are required. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Sales Office Manager apply now by forwarding your current CV to Jason Gutteridge together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space  a forward thinking business with personality & creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Wokefield Park offers two totally different centres in both style and feel: the spacious, ultramodern, purposebuilt Executive Centre and the traditional Mansion House. The venue offers **** meeting rooms and **** ensuite bedrooms. Also available, a championship golf course, indoor pool, mini gym and spa.