Title: General Manager  Gravesend
Webindex: 69251548
Company: Crown Carveries
Description: Working at Crown Carveries If you want the satisfaction of seeing your customers coming back eager for more then join our friendly Crown Carveries team. Soon you ll be helping deliver top quality carvery food that s staggering value for money and seeing satisfied guests returning time and time again Jawdropping value in a friendly pub atmosphere There s an art to delivering such extraordinary value and you can learn these invaluable skills in the relaxed working environment of a friendly local pub. It s a great way to build your career whilst being at the heart of the local community. Welcome to Crown Carvery The Princess Alice Crown Carvery The Princess Alice is special because The Copperfields is a destination carvery pub in Shorne just outside of Gravesend with a large car park. The pub currently does around **** meals per week and has a good summer bar trade utilising the fantastic garden and outside area. We are looking for a strong manager experienced in large catering operations and the ability to drive passion and enthusiasm within the teams. Trained in kitchen ,health and safety. Personal license holders only. How can Crown Carveries offer such truly amazing value for money? With a choice of three succulent roasts and unlimited veggies, there s no better value anywhere. It s a trick no one else has managed to pull off. It takes some skill to achieve it, and a brilliant General Manager of course. What you ll do in this role Offering the incredible value that s made us so famous will be largely down to you, as General Manager, controlling and managing your budget. But value s not all we re about at Crown Carveries. We re also about values. With a huge emphasis on the quality of our fantastic fresh ingredients, plus a commitment to being part of our local community, you ll need to develop a multiskilled and motivated team that can contribute to our friendly and welcoming atmosphere. As General Manager you ll be training and leading a large team. You ll ensure good first impressions, last impressions and those in between You ll nurture and grow the business You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding career with us You ll benefit from our awardwinning Management Programme What will make you perfect for the job? General Managerlevel experience in a high volume, ideally branded, restaurant or pub A passion for delivering great service with the personal touch and attention to detail to ensure that every single customer comes back for more The personality, energy and charisma to inspire, lead and develop a large committed team The ability to impress a highly individual and diverse clientele The financial acumen to plan and grow the business to achieve its full potential What we offer Attractive salary Generous bonus scheme earn up to 100% of your salary General Manager benefits package A commitment to a quality training programme The potential to enjoy a long and successful career with us Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.