Title: Assistant Manager  Cardiff  ****
Webindex: 68677319
Company: Berkeley Scott Limited
Description: My client is an established leading leisure company, having over multiple sites throughout the UK. This particular venue is on a recruitment drive and looking for Assistant Managers to support the General Manager and manage the department supervisors. Role: Reporting to the General Manager and being responsible for the site in his or her absence. You will be maneging a large team and making sure the venue runs smoothly and customers enjoy their visit. Duties: In conjunction with centre management team Produce staff ROTA s in accordance with trading levels and budgetary limitations. Review seasonal staffing levels as and when appropriate. Ensure adequate staffing levels at all times and plan for any anticipated shortfalls In accordance with the company recruitment policy, interview potential new employees Provide wage information to payroll in accordance with procedure and by payroll cut off dates. Coordinate and monitor the completion of all HR administration and liaise with the HR department where necessary. Monitor sickness, absence and lateness levels to identify problems, patterns and take appropriate action in conjunction with the Centre Management team and HR department. Monitor, authorise and record the staff holiday requests in line with Company policy. Develop time management skills to help prioritise workload for self and others Provide clear team direction and motivation towards business goals and individual objectives. Carry out probationary reviews and annual Performance Management Reviews (PMRs)/Staff Performance Reviews (SPRs),. Resolve any employee relations issues, seeking advice from the GM/HR Department when necessary. Requirements Minimum one year s management experience in a customer service environment essential Personal License Essential Good Maths and English education Excellent communication skills Problem solving initiative Teamwork and Working Relationships flexible with working hours In order to ensure your enquiry with regards to this position is dealt with quickly, please send in an uptodate copy of your Curriculum Vitae in a Word Document format. If this role does not fully match your needs please visit our website, www.berkeleyscott.co.uk for similar opportunities or call us on ****Berkeley Scott is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerCardiff****_job****