Title: Assistant General Manager Scotland
Webindex: 68292447
Company: ITK Recruitment
Description: My client operates a cluster of authentic, upmarket Thai Restaurants in the North of England and Scotland. They are growing at a steady rate and have found a gap in the market for a high end Thai branded concept. The food is fresh, it s authentic and it s delicious The role  Assistant General Manager Scotland **** plus bonus This is an exciting role for someone looking to get a foot in the door with an up and coming new Restaurant group. Initially the role will see you floating between the Scotland Restaurants as an Assistant General Manager supporting the Management teams in the sites. The role will eventually become a fixed position in either Glasgow or Edinburgh. With this role there will be a great deal of flexibility for a period of 46 months and will involve some travel and staying away from home. You will however be a better Manager having seen **** of the operations and worked with different Managers. It is a role for a really strong Deputy or Assistant General Manager at the top of their game or a General Manager looking to join a larger company or gain experience from a brand. About you: The successful Assistant General Manager must be used to managing high volume, fast paced Restaurants and bars. You will be very organised and be able to delegate through a large team to deliver to company standards, this role will see you manage all areas of the business alongside the General Managers. You will also be an entrepreneur with the autonomy to implement clever ideas for new business development, marketing and theme nights. As Assistant general Manager you will have the support of a branded company and with ambition and drive can see the role progress into a more senior role. The Reward: The successful Assistant General Manager can expect a starting salary of up to **** plus the chance to earn a personal bonus as the site(s) continues to grow top line sales with no signs of slowing down. Please send your CV to simonitkrecruitment.co.uk.Please be aware that we do receive a large number of applications for these roles and will only be able to respond to candidates which match my client s criteria. If you have not heard back within 7 days unfortunately your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion.