Title: DEPUTY MANAGER  BRANDED RESTAURANT CHAIN
Webindex: 68292044
Company: Detail 2 Leisure
Description: A fantastic opportunity for an experienced Assistant Manager / Assistant Restaurant Manager within one of the UK s most recognisable brands. We are looking for a driven manager with a similar background who is ready for the next challenge in their career. The Company: Our client operates contemporary restaurants in high footfall venues within the UK. They are a group of stylish, modern, informal restaurants serving great quality, authentic food at sensible prices. Job Role  Deputy Manager  Branded Restaurant Chain: As the Assistant Manager / Assistant Restaurant Manager, your role will be to assist the Restaurant Manager in the operating of your restaurant to achieve maximum sales and profit by having motivated and skilled staff who deliver a delightful customer experience. As the Assistant Manager, your key responsibilities will include: Recruiting, training and developing your team to achieve their personal best. Leading positively by example. Setting targets with clear standards and time scales. Actively marketing and promoting your business. Developing your business by continually seeking opportunities to increase sales and improve service anticipating changes and planning accordingly. Assisting in controlling the financial performance of the business, seeking to exceed agreed sales and profit targets and achieving agreed margins. Key Attributes  Deputy Manager  Branded Restaurant Chain: Hands on experience within a hospitality / restaurant background. An ambitious individual, driven by 100% customer satisfaction. Be a team player with the desire to develop yourself and those around you. A desire to excel in everything you do. Enjoy the buzz of a fast paced environment. Detail****Leisure is a division of Detail **** Group Limited and acts as an employment agency. We are the chosen recruitment partner for many of the UK s leading hospitality & leisure companies.