Title: Meeting & Events Sales Coordinator  fixed term basis
Webindex: 71959519
Company: De Vere Hotels & Village Urban Resorts
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for two Meeting Events Sales Coordinator’s to join our team on a fixed term maternity basis. The roles are initially offered for a fixed term period of six to nine months; however there is the possibility that the roles may be extended at a later stage. The role of Meeting Events Sales Coordinator forms part of a small team that really excels in securing fantastic meetings and events sales to drive a key revenue stream within our business The Meeting Events Sales Coordinator is considered an integral part of our efficient, effective and professional meetings and events booking service, maximising the conversion from enquiry to booking. You will respond to all enquiries in a timely manner, ensuring that the hotel and its facilities are upsold at every opportunity, and then use this information to ensure that an accurate record of the guest’s requirements is taken and passed onto the operations team. Following the event, you will be required to contact the event organiser, seeking event feedback and feeding this back to the team. The ideal applicant will be a motivated self starter, with a ‘can do’ attitude. You will have previous experience of working in a similar role ideally within a hospitality environment and have experience of using hotel booking systems such as Delphi and Opera. You will be confident, have a strong desire to seek, find and convert new business, and as such be organised and able to work to tight deadlines. We’re no ordinary hotel business. VILLAGE hotels with vibe, is a unique concept. Ours is a designled, inspirational and multifaceted product, attractive to a diverse customer base where locals are as valued as corporate and leisure guests and we strive to consistently deliver “more than” to our guests. We offer extensive benefits including discounted accommodation rates throughout the De Vere group, F B discounts, Free Leisure Club membership, reduced rates in our fabulous Spa and golf club and excellent training opportunities. Interested? Then why not apply This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/MeetingEventsSalesCoordinatorfixedtermbasis_job****