Title: General Manager Designate  North West
Webindex: 71684541
Company: Ember Inns
Description: Working at Ember Inns Do you value the more civilised things in life like cask conditioned real ales, fine wines, freshly prepared pub food and modern surroundings? Then look no further than the vacancies at Ember Inns. We ve got exactly the workplace you re looking for. Great British pub food and fine cask ales Ember Inns are some of the best real ale pubs in Britain. So there s no better place to master the art of keeping Cask Marque certified real ales, or the skills to prepare and serve delicious, seasonal pub food. Welcome to Ember Inns in the North West Ember Inns are the best real ale pubs in Britain with an unrivalled choice of perfectlykept cask beers. But it s not just the ales that are real at Ember Inns. These are real local pubs with delicious real pub food, real feature fireplaces, real leather sofas and not a plastic beam or a false bookcase in sight So, if you like your pubs real, come and join us. What you ll do in this role As General Manager Designate at Ember Inns, we like to nurture your qualities and allow you to develop like a superbly kept cask ale You ll be travelling around our sites in the area to gain a mature understanding, as General Manager Designate, of our culture and high volume management needs and to allow your ideas to develop and ferment. Then, after 36 months, you ll be ready to serve You will cover a number of locations in the North West, including Preston, East Manchester Liverpool. Therfore you will need to hold a driving license and have full access to transport. As General Manager Designate, you ll spend time at a number of our sites learning about all aspects of our business You ll also be taking on managerial responsibilities working alongside the General Manager This will give you plenty of opportunity to show what you can do After training as General Manager Designate, you may be made Holding Manager for a period before progressing to a fullyfledged General Manager s role What will make you perfect for the job? At least 2 years management experience Determination to become a great manager Commitment, passion and a real desire to succeed A charismatic fun personality that s infectious for customers and staff alike Being flexible enough to be prepared to work at a number of different locations in the region Access to a car What we offer Highly competitive salary Generous benefits package Quality training 5 weeks paid holiday Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.