Title: Head Chef  Carluccio's  Canterbury
Webindex: 70735568
Company: Carluccio's
Description: NEW HEAD CHEF VACANCY Currently we an some exciting opportunities in Canterbury for the role of Head Chef. Interested? Read on for further details and to apply for the position, we would love to hear from you. In our Carluccio’s restaurants you will find an authentically Italian experience, offering freshly prepared high quality dishes. We try to consistently make our customer’s experience special, whether they come in for a breakfast, freshly made food from the deli or a four course meal for lunch or dinner. Carluccio’s is still growing slowly with approximately **** restaurants opening a year, which means that there is always going to be room for progression for those who are looking for a career within a company that is expanding throughout the UK. Our food is freshly prepared every day by our chefs, using only the most authentic and freshest ingredients, carefully sourced. As a Head Chef you would need to oversee these preparations as well as taking responsibility for ordering and stock control. So you will require great cooking skills (or great potential), and a firm commitment to consistency of production. In return, Carluccio’s will offer you genuine opportunities to progress. As a Manager with Carluccio’s we provide exceptional training and development, whilst rewarding you for your hard work with trips to Italy, a generous management discount and a management bonus of up to **** We believe in developing people to the very best of their ability. We recognise that it is our Head Chefs who help us keep this commitment to fresh and authentic food, which is why we realise the importance of developing, training and investing in them. In any one month we run up to 50 offthejob training courses, ranging from Management Skills development to Italian Food Master classes with our resident experts, to courses to keep you safe: such as First Aid, Food Hygiene, and Health and Safety. As well as this we send our chefs to Cook’s School in conjunction with Westminster Kingsway College and also an ICIF trip in Italy for 2 weeks. Take a look at our website www.carluccios.com to learn more about us. All candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this position. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/HeadChefCarlucciosCanterbury_job****