Title: Chef de Partie  De Vere Venues Ltd – Ponsbourne Park
Webindex: 68697443
Company: I Resourcer
Description: Chef de Partie  De Vere Venues Ltd – Ponsbourne Park Ponsbourne Park is set in the peaceful oasis of the Hertfordshire countryside, surrounded by over **** acres. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Chef de Partie who will be responsible for the delivery of a high standard of food to our guests, and will have the opportunity to move around the sections in the kitchen. Responsibilities of Chef de Partie:  Required to develop the Commis Chef  Adding personality and seasoning to our daily dishes and garnish each plate with care and attention  Required to maintain a high standard of food hygiene. Benefits included for a Chef de Partie:  28 days holidays including bank holidays  Life Assurance  Family Friends discounts across the Group  Stakeholders Pension Scheme  Meals on duty  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a keen interest in food and a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. The ideal candidate will be organised, an excellent communicator and a hands on chef with exceptional attention to detail and the passion to go the extra mile for our customers. Previous experience in a similar role is essential. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Chef de Partie (Ref CDP PON ****) apply now by forwarding your current CV to Sharon White together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space – a forward thinking business with personality creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Ponsbourne Park offers the combination of space, tranquillity and friendly staff . The 17th century house offers a blend of classic elegance brought stunningly up to date by stylish and creative design. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ChefdePartieDeVereVenuesLtdPonsbournePark_job****