Title: Pub Management Couple
Webindex: 71956630
Company: EYC Recruitment Ltd
Description: I’m working on behalf of the owners of an independent freehouse who are seeking a reliable, ambitious and experienced management couple for their village pub. They took the business over in the summer of 2012 and have invested in it to make it the place to be locally; they are now looking for people with engaging personalities and great food skills who can bring to this unique country pub an individual personal style that reflects an unbranded freehouse experience.To help them stand apart, they would love managers with great attention to detail and who would be comfortable working closely with them whilst also having the scope for plenty of entrepreneurial flair. They have plenty of ideas for the future and are seeking the right people to help realise these plans. The business is located in a pretty village not far from both Bristol and Bath.The village is affluent with a good mix of customers who expect a high level of hospitality from their pub and its team.You will become an essential part of village life and be considering a long term move and commitment to managing the business.The clientele is a colourful mix from the surrounding villages as well as a destination pub for residents of both Bath and Bristol. Sales are seasonal (current turnover is ****K, split ****:****) but there is definite potential to grow with the attraction of new customers who will be retained through an excellent product delivered with exceptional levels of hospitality. It is believed the site has the capacity to deliver ****K  sales per annum with the right people at the helm who are strong networkers, great hosts, team leaders and with strong financial acumen to ensure bottom line delivery. The right couple will receive a salary of up to **** with an excellent profit share bonus scheme. The management accommodation above the pub comprises a self contained, spacious and characterful three bedroom flat. To reiterate, you should have a strong background in the industry with a proven passion and flair for food and hospitality including (preferably) experience of letting rooms as there are two on site. This IS a brilliant opportunity. You should have a stable career with periods of 2 years  in each position of employment so that you have a track record of business development. Your career bias to date should be towards unbranded food led businesses – as an independent owner/operator, this position would not suit someone from a purely corporate background. A Personal Licence is required to apply for this role and you must also be eligible to live and work in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/PubManagementCouple_job55542016