Title: Deputy Manager  Oxford
Webindex: 70676357
Company: Premium Country Dining Group
Description: Working at Premium Country Dining Group restaurants If you aspire to working in the refined and sophisticated environment of a topclass country restaurant, we ve got some exceptional vacancies in some beautiful locations. Country dining doesn t get any better It s easy to take pride in your work when you re delivering top quality food designed by passionate chefs. Add to that some beautiful buildings and subtly designed interiors (often incorporating the pub's original features and log burning fires), and you can go to work knowing you re part of something truly exceptional. Welcome to Premium Country Dining Group The Trout, Oxford Premium Country Dining Group The Trout, Wolvercote, is a stunning riverside pub located right next to the Thames, just outside Oxford, about **** minutes from central London on the train. This historic building exudes charm and character, which has been tastefully retained, keeping a traditional feel with a contemporary twist expressed through the luxurious furnishings and warm colourings. The Trout boasts an extensive al fresco dining area alongside the Thames, making this the place to be during the summer months. As Deputy Manager with us, you ll be helping to bring eating out into the **** st century. In a superb country pub with subtle d cor and a more relaxed style of sophisticated contemporary dining. But we ve also retained some beautiful things from the past with traditional features and roaring log fires. We ll want you to do exactly the same in bringing all the good things from your past too What you ll do in this role We re all about bringing together the best things from the past with an innovative new approach. So as Deputy Manager we ll expect you to bring with you ideas as fresh and inventive as the food we serve. We ll expect you to help train, inspire and encourage our team to think for themselves too. Original features combined with original thinking. That s what our customers flock to us for As Deputy Manager, you ll be ensuring that standards of food and service are consistently excellent You ll be responsible for training and inspiring a large team First and last impressions count and it ll be your job to ensure that customers leave with the right one You ll be taking your first step on a management career ladder that s limited only by your ambition You ll be joining our awardwinning Deputy Manager Programme What will make you perfect for the job? Ideally six months experience in a high volume pub, bar or restaurant A handson approach so you can really lead by example You ll be a real people person who s great at customer service A passion for great food and drink The ambition to be a great manager of the future Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. What we offer Contributory pension scheme Deputy Manager Bonus Scheme Earn up to **** per annum Private Healthcare Structured training programme 25 days holiday Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.