Title: Kitchen Manager  Cheltenham
Webindex: 68807699
Company: Crown Carveries
Description: Working at Crown Carveries If you want the satisfaction of seeing your customers coming back eager for more then join our friendly Crown Carveries team. Soon you ll be helping deliver top quality carvery food that s staggering value for money and seeing satisfied guests returning time and time again Jawdropping value in a friendly pub atmosphere There s an art to delivering such extraordinary value and you can learn these invaluable skills in the relaxed working environment of a friendly local pub. It s a great way to build your career whilst being at the heart of the local community. Welcome to Crown Carvery King Arms Inn Crown Carvery Kings Arms Inn is special because it is situated on the high street of a small village just outsideCheltenhamand was successfully converted from a Vintage Inn just under 3 years ago. It is popular with tourists and locals alike throughout the whole of the year and is situated just under a mile from the famousCheltenhamrace course. This historic pub has a lot of character as a listed building with original beams, open fire low ceilings, a **** cover restaurant and traditional dedicated bar area. Crown Carveries are justly renowned for their incredible value for money and, as Kitchen Manager, it ll be down to you to achieve it. We re simply the best at keeping things simple, from the succulent roasts on our carvery deck to our mouthwatering puddings. One thing s for sure, our helpings have been known to stretch our customers waistbands but never their budget What you ll do in this role As Kitchen Manager you ll be responsible for everything that goes into our kitchen and everything that comes out. You ll train, motivate and inspire your team to become an efficient carvery machine Offering such fantastic value means that excellent standards and controls are a must, along with a commitment to ensuring that the deck is excellent, EVERY time. As Kitchen Manager, you ll be responsible for training and motivating your staff ensuring a perfect blend in the kitchen You ll make sure that the carvery is sheer perfection, all day, every day You ll be responsible for food stock control and ordering You ll be accountable for the kitchen s financial performance You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding managerial career with us What will make you perfect for the job? Kitchen Manager / team leader experience in a high volume, branded environment A passion for delivering great food and an obsessive attention to detail ensuring that every dish that leaves the kitchen leaves a guest satisfied Leadership qualities with the enthusiasm and charisma to inspire your team Attention to the maintenance of profit margins Strict about conforming to health and hygiene regulations Excellent communication skills Enthusiasm, a strong work ethic and a hunger to learn Minimum level 2 food safety (and preferably higher) What we offer Highly competitive salary Attractive Kitchen Manager bonus package up to ****k Opportunityto join a defined contribution pension scheme 25 days paid holiday Other lifestyleflexible benefits Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.