Title: Graduate Management Trainee Programme
Webindex: 71405454
Company: Loch Lomond Golf Club Ltd
Description: SET OFF FOR SUCCESS AFTER GRADUATION Do you love food? Can you create fabulous cocktails? Do you have an eye for detail? Are you naturally hospitable  a people s person who loves interacting with guests, however busy you might be? Do you love cooking? Do you know your sirloin from your ribeye? Do you have great attention to detail? Are you a bit of a perfectionist? Are you professional, organised, outgoing and relish the thought of making a lasting first impression as guests are welcomed to the Golf Club? If the answer is YES, then you will fit right on in at Loch Lomond where you will skillfully learn the art of Hospitality Management. We will train you how to perform to the highest standards and how to train others to attain these exceptionally high standards too. We know that not everybody is a born leader and certainly nobody is born with the skills of a manager. Managerial skills are gained and developed from experience which we can provide in abundance. Loch Lomond Golf Club s Graduate Management Trainee programme offers challenging opportunities for career and personal growth, and an understanding of the importance of a culture of professionalism and integrity, balance in life, and a deep sense of pride that comes from creating unparalleled service Loch Lomond Golf Club nestles on the banks of Loch Lomond and offers its exclusive members a tranquil retreat for relaxation whilst experiencing our award winning hospitality and cuisine within a breathtaking backdrop of a world class golf course. Career advancement is the ultimate goal of our comprehensive ****month management training programme. Our Graduate Management Development Program starts in March ****013 finishing in December 2014,At Loch Lomond Golf Club we see the Graduate Management Programme as not just training but as custommade programme, tweaked and shaped in order to support an enthusiastic person with who has a passion for a rewarding hospitality career.Recruitment selection days will take place in February and March 2013.To apply you should send your cover letter and CV to Alida Buchan HR Director at recruitmentlochlomond.com detailing why you should be considered for this programme. Graduates are required to have completed and attained a minimum 2:2 degree (or have predicted results for this year) in Hospitality Management or another business related subject.Applicants must have have the right to live and work in the UK.