Title: Chef De Partie  All Sectors
Webindex: 68234287
Company: Scattergoods Agency
Description: Are you considering your next career move? or currently interested in understanding more about how the employment market lies and interested in how to develop your career next? Scattergood's Agency Ltd was established in 1975 as Surrey's specialist in Catering and Hospitality recruitment. Scattergood's has since gone from strength to strength and currently supplies permanent and temporary staff to a wide range of clients, many of whom have used our services from the start. Our team of professional consultants have a Catering or Hospitality background, which we believe is essential to enable us to offer an indepth knowledge in recruiting personnel for such diverse catering operations. Our expertise within the industry ensures we understand specifics and are always available to discuss requirements in detail and offer career advice. We are currently seeking Chef de Partie of all levels and sectors throughout Surrey Hampshire in addition to jobs advertised independently and would be keen to hear from qualified individuals who are currently seeking their next career move or would like some informal advice, guidance and assistance for future ambitions and would be keen to register their interests with us. If you would be interested to hear from one of our consultants then please submit a recent CV and cover letter expressing your intentions for immediate assistance whereby we can contact you to discuss any immediate plans or keep you informed of future developments within the Catering sector. Due to us requiring to meet all candidates we regret to say we will not accept applications from oversees individuals unless you already have plans to relocate to the area, please ensure you specify this in a cover letter. Scattergood's are acting as an agent on behalf of all vacancies. Scattergood's is a specialist Hospitality and Catering Consultancy which sources/supplies both Permanent and Temporary staff to a wide variety of establishments. In line with UK immigration and employment law, only applicants eligible to live and work in the UK need apply, proof of ID will be required in the form of a passport, national ID card or birth certificate upon application. For this and other live jobs, visit our website www.scattergoods.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ChefDePartieAllSectors_job****