Title: Operations Manager  De Vere Venues Ltd ?? Wokefield (Mansion House)
Webindex: 69988220
Company: I Resourcer
Description: Operations Manager  De Vere Venues Ltd – Wokefield (Mansion House) Wokefield Park is a unique venue set in the rural Berkshire countryside. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for an Operations Manager who will assist the General Manager in the day to day operation of the venue and support overall planning of all departments. Responsibilities of Operations Manager:  Ensure all departments meet financial and business targets  Provide clear and visible leadership within the venue  Ensure all guests enjoy a wellpresented, professional environment  Assist the General Manager in the compilation of the annual operation budget and the production of the Sales Marketing plan  Further the support in cost efficiencies in line with budgets  Increase revenue potentials through the departments Benefits included for an Operations Manager:  25 days holidays plus bank holidays  Private Medical Insurance Scheme  Contributory Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. You will be working in a busy environment which requires a consistency in customer service, flexibility and being able to work well under pressure. Previous experience in a hotel environment and the proven ability to manage people in a similar role are essential. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Operations Manager (Ref OM WOK ****) apply now by forwarding your current CV to Katie Cooke together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space – a forward thinking business with personality creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Wokefield Park offers two totally different centres in both style and feel: the spacious, ultramodern, purposebuilt Executive Centre and the traditional Mansion House. The venue offers **** meeting rooms and **** ensuite bedrooms. Also available, a championship golf course, indoor pool, mini gym and spa. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OperationsManagerDeVereVenuesLtdWokefieldMansionHouse_job****