Title: Conference And Events Operations Manager  Elstree
Webindex: 68837688
Company: QMH UK Limited   Holiday Inn
Description: Job Function and Salary Conference/Banqueting Mgnt, ****  **** Contract Permanent  Full Time. Role Description In this role you'll take complete responsibility for managing the conference and events department  a substantial part of our business. In team management, the emphasis is on top quality customer service, while operationally your focus will be on budgets, planning and profitability. You will need previous operational management experience, ideally within the leisure or hospitality industry, coupled with strong supervisory and training skills. Please note this is an operational role which involves shift work and is not an role which is office based/ hours Required Experience The ideal candidate will have: Qualification in Hospitality/Tourism or related subjects Previous experience in conference and banqueting and/or food and beverage operations in supervisory level Effective communication skills Good planning and organisational skills Financial / commercial awareness Team leadership and delegation skills Ability to work flexible hours . Benefits Package We provide skills and service training as part of our core people strategy. Our benefits include: Discounted Hotel Accommodation rates Uniform and Meals on duty NVQ/SNVQ qualifications Contributory Pension Scheme Use of Hotel Leisure facilities Annual long service recognition events Temporary Livein accommodation may be available for this role (to assist with relocation if necessary) Employer Profile The Holiday Inn London  Elstree is conveniently located for visiting Central London with 131 bedrooms, Meeting Centre facilities for up to **** delegates, O'Sullivans Restaurant, Lounge Bar and Club Moativation Health and Fitness Club Company: There are QMH Hotels throughout the UK, from Glasgow in Scotland to Plymouth in the West Country. QMH hotels are of three or four star standard and offer a range of good quality conference, meeting business facilities to the corporate traveller. All hotels also offer a range of leisure breaks. If you're looking to put a great name on your CV, start thinking  QMH UK Limited. We're not only one of the UK's largest and bestrespected hotel groups, we're also renowned for our excellent training. Talent gets noticed, results are appreciated and we promote from within. Every one of our people makes a real contribution to the business, whether delivering great service or working in a team focused on achieving its targets. If you're looking for a job, you just may have found a career. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ConferenceAndEventsOperationsManagerElstree_job****