Title: Supervisor  Fresh Food Led Pub  Excellent Company with Good Training
Webindex: 68834522
Company: JAP Associates
Description: Company Information: Our client has a stunning collection of Country House Hotels and Gastro Pubs all based in the heart of Hampshire. They are renowned for their excellent training and career progression, this role comes with good forward career prospects for the right candidate. They are currently recruiting for a Pub Supervisor to work in one of their fresh food led county pubs. The pub is situated on the outskirts of Southampton and is a popular choice for both regular clients and visitors to the local area and is well established. Job description: As Pub Supervisor your role will involve assisting with the day to day running of the operation ensuring standards are service levels are maintained across the business alongside the Manager and Assistant Manager. Your role will involve working to set budgets and targets, driving sales and maintaining good cost controls. This is a very busy operation in the peak months and will require hands on operator to assist with taking the business forward and be a key member of the team. Ideal Background: The ideal candidate for this Pub Supervisor role will have previous supervisory experience within a similar environment and be able to demonstrate excellent customer service skills. It is essential you are able to lead and motivate a team build a good rapport with the clientele which will be a mixture of local and destination led diners. Our client is looking for a self starter who wants to learn and progress within the industry. Due to location of this role you must have your own transport. Salary and Benefits: The salary for this permanent role of Pub Supervisor is **** per annum, you will also receive a share of gratuities and other company led benefits. In order to process your application please forward you CV in word document to justine.perryjapassociates.co.uk JAP Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. In accordance and compliance with the “Asylum and Immigration Act ****” all applicants applying for the above position will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to live and work in the United Kingdom. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SupervisorFreshFoodLedPubExcellentCompanywithGoodTraining_job****