Title: Assistant Manager  Reading
Webindex: 66670058
Company: Harvester
Description: Working at Harvester Friendly, familyfocused food is what we re all about. So if you love making kids smile as much as you like delicious, freshlychargrilled food, look no further than our Harvester. Great food for all the family There s always a happy family buzz about Harvester, and this friendly, vibrant atmosphere can really help your career takeoff. Develop your skills by preparing and serving a great range of delicious grills, spit roasts, farm assured chicken and fish. Learn how to keep the whole family happy with special Young Guest dishes, kids activity sheets and the famous unlimited visits Harvester salad bar. Welcome to the Harvesters in Reading. Harvester Mansion House, Reading is special because it is situated in the middle of a large park area on the outskirts of Reading and has **** meeting rooms as well as an extensive outside area. You ll find plenty of happy families at Harvester. Including the great big happy families that work here In fact, here at Harvester the happy family atmosphere seems to make big kids of everyone. So why not join us as Assistant Manager and help to keep our families happy on both sides of the till? What you ll do in this role It takes a very special type of person to work at Harvester. For a start, as Assistant Manager, you ll be responsible for maintaining our reputation as THE place to go for a fantastic fun meal out for all the family. You ll be making sure the standard of food and service are truly excellent. You ll be helping to recruit, train and develop the Harvester team. Oh and, while you re doing all that, as Assistant Manager you re going to have fun  and that s an order As Assistant Manager, you ll be ensuring that standards of food and service are consistently excellent You ll be responsible for training and inspiring a large team First and last impressions count and it ll be your job to ensure that customers leave with the right one You ll be taking your first step on a management career ladder that s limited only by your ambition You ll be joining our awardwinning Assistant Manager Programme What will make you perfect for the job? Ideally six months experience in a high volume pub, bar or restaurant A handson approach so you can really lead by example You ll be a real people person who s great at customer service A passion for great food and drink The ambition to be a great manager of the future What we offer Contributory pension scheme Private healthcare Structured training programme 25 days holiday Apply now If you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.