Title: Head Chef Designate  South East
Webindex: 71443362
Company: Vintage Inns
Description: Working at Vintage Inns If you value individuality and charm as much as we do, working in a traditional country pub is going to suit you down to the ground. With vacancies across our cosy rural pubs and restaurants, you can find the perfect environment to make the most of your talents. Country dining with a modern twist Join our team and you'll be part of the warm, relaxed atmosphere you'd expect from a country inn with a contemporary flavour, while learning your trade in one of the most stimulating and rewarding environments in the business. What's more every day at work will be in a perfect country retreat What is a Head Chef Designate? We are looking for a Head Chef Designate in the South East (able to travel a **** mile radius ofSt Albans). As a Head Chef Designate within Vintage Inns you ll be working in some ofBritain s finest country pubs. These are places in the heart of the countryside with cosy interiors retaining wonderful original features, simply dripping with individuality and style. People travel from miles around for the superb seasonal food and fantastic service, so there ll be no standing still for you and the team What you ll do in this role: As a Head Chef Designate you ll work in a number of Vintage Inns so you can get a really good feel for our culture and standards, before you step up to a Head Chef s role, which will give you plenty of opportunity to show what you can do Our Head Chefs play an important role in the success of our pubs and restaurants  which is why we are running a development programme to set you up for success. Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. This role is aimed at chefs who are looking for a new challenge. You will spend time with one of our training chefs, learning about our menu and systems and preparing your self to run a busy kitchen of your own. The aim is that you will be able to successfully run one of our kitchens within **** to 3 months. You will need to be flexible in terms of geography and willing to travel within this area in order to take advantage of the job opportunities and training on offer. What will make you perfect for the job? We are looking for experienced Sous Chefs / Second Chefs / Head Chefs / Kitchen Managers who are looking to take the next step in their career and are seeking a new challenge. You will need to have: At least 1 years experience of successfully working in a high volume partial fresh food kitchen Experience of taking responsibility for the kitchen in the Head Chefs absence Being able to deal with high volume and the pressure of busy sessions Working in an organised manner, delivering brand standards and controls Being able to enthuse the team about dishes and their provenance Having a passion for fresh food and daily specials Taking an interest in the whole of the business and have the ability to inspire and develop a team Being flexible in location able to move around for job opportunities and training. What we offer Highly competitive salary Attractive Head Chef bonus package when appointed into the role. Opportunityto join a defined contribution pension scheme 25 days holiday Other lifestyleflexible benefits Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.