Title: Restaurant General Manager  Fresh & Seasonal Menus  Nr Exeter  ****k
Webindex: 68292520
Company: Cherryred Recruitment
Description: One of Devon s most popular Restaurants is in search of a strong General Manager to help run this busy venue. Responsible for a team of 30 staff, both front and back of house, this is a position ideally suited for a “handson” Manager who enjoys the pace of a ****k site. With the Restaurant serving menus and specials made completely from scratch this is a position for a “foodie” who takes pride in the place they work and cares about the quality of food and service offered. Serving a Brasserie style menu you will be used to managing services that require a cool head to lead and see tables turned regularly. Reporting directly into the Group s Operations Manager you will have complete control over Staffing, Budgets, Cost Control, G.P s, Suppliers and Service so this is a perfect position for someone who enjoys responsibility and has a proven track record in successful, Food Led, Branded operations. If you have a stable career for the last 5 years in similar venues and have strong communication skills then I would like to hear from you straight away. A salary package of ****k will be given to the eventual General Manager. Immediate interviews are available for the right people As a prospective employee you must be able to demonstrate that you are either an UK / EU resident, or hold a relevant and valid work permit or visa. Please note that due to the high volume of applicants received, we are only able to reply to those candidates that are considered suitable for the advertised position. With this Gastro Pub group growing steadily you will be joining a company that will be offering fantastic opportunities to become a Head Chef within a similar size restaurant within an 18 month period. For immediate interviews and trials please email a copy of your latest CV to garycherryredrecruitment.com As a prospective employee you must be able to demonstrate that you are either an UK / EU resident, or hold a relevant and valid work permit or visa. Please note that due to the high volume of applicants received, we are only able to reply to those candidates that are considered suitable for the advertised position