Title: General Manager  Sportsman Arms, Birkenhead
Webindex: 68512997
Company: Local Pubs
Description: General Manager  Sportsman Arms, Birkenhead The Sportsmans Arms is small pub split in two with a large bar and a small lounge. It trades within the Local segment and does ****k net per week of which **** is food. It does well from sport with a mix of clientele supporting Liverpool, Everton and Tranmere Rovers ( Just down the road ). This is a Community local which has lost its way and many of its customers over the last couple of years but is a real opportunity also. We are looking for a Publican / Land Lady who will be happy to spend time working in the bar talking to the regulars building loyalty and creating pool and darts teams but equally will not shy away from food and the opportunities it brings. This could be a first appointment due to level of trade but it will need an old head to manage the mix of customers. Part of our 'My Local' segment, these are warm and welcoming pubs at the heart of the community offering great value food and drink and the chance to relax, either after a hard day at work or a get together with family and friends. This is the pub where the regular and local customers are known and valued, both by the Manager and the Team. Stonegate Pub Company merged with Town and City Pub Company to create the largest privately held managed pub operator in the UK. With over **** venues across England, Scotland and Wales, the business comprises of a number of branded pubs including Yates's, Slug and Lettuce and Missoula alongside highprofile Traditional, Student and Local pubs on the High Streets of most major UK towns and cities. All Stonegate Pubs offer their customers great value prices, with fantastic atmosphere and comfortable surroundings, whether they are looking for a quick drink, a full meal experience or an evening out in town, dancing the night away. General Manager  What we want We are looking for General Managers who can demonstrate the passion and commitment to succeed in this highenergy, revitalised business. After all, we're not just a leading pub and hospitality group: we're an innovative and passionate team, with big ambitions for the future. Our General Managers are people who have the ability to engage with customers from all walks of life, all ages and interests. They are well known personalities and love to get involved in the local activities; these are the General Managers who always know what their competitors are up to. Sales driven but cost aware and driven to deliver the best possible experience for their customers, able to think on their feet and outside of the box and enjoy the freedom to try new ideas that will grow their sales and be the best pub in the area. As a General Manager you will have responsibility and accountability for: Growing sales every day Being proud of your people Keeping your pub legal and your customers safe Investing in the future of the company by being profitable Delivering fantastic experiences for every customer on every visit. General Manager salary and benefits In return, as a General Manager, you will receive: Competitive salary Uncapped bonus scheme **** day's holiday Single private health care cover Stake holder pension scheme Extensive training and career progression opportunities Individual incentives This could be a fantastic opportunity for a General Manager to work in an environment that is fun as well as challenging with the training and development to take your career along the path of your choice  so come and talk to us. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GeneralManagerSportsmanArmsBirkenhead_job****