Title: General Manager  Premium Branded Restaurant
Webindex: 71752009
Company: Detail2Leisure
Description: Exciting opportunity working for one of the UK s leading premium restaurants who are currently looking for a General Manager. We are looking for a driven Manager with a similar branded background within a leading restaurant or foodled pub who is looking for their next exciting challenge. The Company: Our client operates a number of premium restaurants in high footfall venues within major urban markets throughout the UK. They are a group of stylish modern yet informal restaurants serving great quality, authentic food at sensible prices. Job Role  General Manager  Premium Branded Restaurant: This role involves running a very busy restaurant to a very high service standard, whilst driving sales and maintaining maximum profit. If you can inspire your team to success you can expect competitive benefits, rewards, excellent training and exceptional career prospects. The successful candidate will drive this through: A stable and progressive career within a quality restaurant operation An understanding of brand standards The ability to understand and deliver on KPI s Exceptional customer service skills A warm, friendly, outgoing and motivational personality Responsibilities will include: Exceeding customers expectations at all times Training, motivating and development of the team Understanding of Profit and Loss Helping with stock taking, ordering and maintaining GP s Maintaining high levels of cleanliness and standards throughout the business Due diligence and compliance with all Health and Safety and food hygiene requirements Key Attributes  General Manager  Premium Branded Restaurant: Previous experience of working in a high volume restaurant, with a proven track record of delivering results. You will need a passion for hospitality, great quality fresh food, customers and people. You must be able to demonstrate an ability to manage a team by coaching, developing and motivating others. Experience of developing teams to their full potential. A strong, ambitious individual, looking for a challenge, driven by 100% customer satisfaction. Open minded and flexible with the ability to think outside the box. Be a team player with the desire to develop yourself and those around you. A desire to excel in everything you do. Detail****Leisure is a division of Detail **** Group Limited and acts as an employment agency. We are the chosen recruitment partner for many of the UK s leading hospitality & leisure companies