Title: SOUS CHEF  PREMIUM BRANDED RESTAURANT
Webindex: 68837400
Company: Detail 2 Leisure
Description: Fantastic opportunity to join this award winning fresh food restaurant. As the Sous Chef for this high volume kitchen you will have autonomy to manage a brigade of highly trained chef’s to deliver outstanding customer satisfaction. This role offers fantastic training and development and excellent bonus potential. The Company: Our client operates a number of premium restaurants in high footfall venues within major urban markets throughout the UK. They are a group of stylish, modern, informal restaurants serving great quality, authentic food at sensible prices. They are contemporary and chic and they are looking for a hard working Sous Chef with a strong background in a quality, branded environment and the initiative to lead the opening of a new business in a high profile and high volume location. Our client recognises the need to train, develop and invest in their chefs, so they run a bespoke training programme. Job Role  Sous Chef  Premium Branded Restaurant: The role involves the daytoday running of the kitchen, leading by example and driving the business forward. You will adhere to company standards and procedures, motivating and developing your team. As the Sous Chef, you will assist the Head Chef in leading a brigade in all aspects of brand standards, stock control, hygiene checks and health and safety. Key Attributes  Sous Chef  Premium Branded Restaurant: The role offers the successful applicant the opportunity to be at the forefront of leading this prestigious brand forward in its continuing development. Previous similar experience is essential. Have worked in a busy kitchen and thrive under pressure. Ideal candidate must have experience and desire to work with fresh, quality food. Ambition to continually drive the business forward. Excellent team player and leader who can respectfully communicate to the team. Have a track record of working with and developing strong teams. Good financial understanding. Have good knowledge of hygiene and health and safety. Have a track record of controlling costs and stocks. Detail****Leisure is a division of Detail **** Group Limited and acts as an employment agency. We are the chosen recruitment partner for many of the UK's leading hospitality leisure companies. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SOUSCHEFPREMIUMBRANDEDRESTAURANT_job****