Title: Diary & Events Coordinator  De Vere Venues Ltd ?? Colmore Gate
Webindex: 68715551
Company: I Resourcer
Description: Diary Events Coordinator  De Vere Venues Ltd – Colmore Gate Colmore Gate is located in the heart of Birmingham City Centre with Snow Hill Station. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Diary Events Coordinator who will be joining our team to effectively plan events and communicate client requirements to both the internal and external team. Responsibilities of Diary Events Coordinator:  Ensuring client’s expectations are met and exceeded.  Coordinating diary bookings and ensuring all information is obtained prior to events.  Producing a function sheet for each event which you will hand over to the venues operational team  Maintain contact with the client through to the postevent follow up  Proactively identify new leads from existing and potential clients.  Occasionally conduct show rounds for business clients  Dealing with new enquiries on a daily basis  Maintain the Delphi database Benefits included for a Diary Events Coordinator:  ****8 days holidays including bank holidays  Life Assurance  Family Friends discounts across the Group  Stakeholders Pension Scheme  Meals on duty  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. You must have experience in Events, ideally in a Hotel/Conference environment. You may be required to work some weekends to ensure the smooth running of events. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Diary Events Coordinator (ref: DEC ****) apply now by forwarding your current CV to Lesley Ward together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space – a forward thinking business with personality creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Colmore Gate is spread over 2 floors and offers a variety of training and meeting space, with the largest room seating **** The focus will predominantly be on Conference Services, with a strong emphasis on Food, exceptional customer service and Great British Hospitality. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DiaryEventsCoordinatorDeVereVenuesLtdColmoreGate_job****