Title: General Manager  Oxford
Webindex: 67392697
Company: Browns
Description: Working at Browns The vacancies in our brasserie bars offer the opportunity to prepare classic seasonal food or signature cocktails in one of our unique landmark buildings. If you think going out for a drink or meal should be something of an occasion, that s exactly what we ve built our brand around. Classic food in stylish surroundings From a stunning Mayfair exgentlemen s club to the beautiful old city museum in Bristol, you ll struggle to find more distinctive workplaces. Popular with customers in cities across the country, our brand is a household name you ll be proud to be a part of. Welcome to Browns Oxford This is an exciting opportunity for a passionate individual in the centre of stunning Oxford. This **** cover single level restaurant and vibrant bar has year round appeal and is one of our flagship restaurants in the home town of the founder of Browns. Browns Oxford boasts one of the best locations in the city adjacent to the chic Jericho area and has 20 years reputation to build upon. This is an institution in Oxford and offers the successful candidate a great platform to develop their career beyond GM. Browns has an exciting expansion plan in the UK and is a key restaurant in the developing of our people. Just like all our brasserie bars, Browns Oxford is a unique place to work with a very special ambience. As General Manager you ll be the one making it work and keeping that ambience topped up. The buck s fizz stops with you. No pressure, then. But that s the challenge for a General Manager at Browns. Just like our classic cuisine, you ve got to have a hunger for it. What you ll do in this role The surroundings might be special but you can t eat the potted palms or drink the colonial fans overhead In this role, it ll be your responsibility to create the special occasion our customers come in for. You ll be training, managing and moulding your staff and ensuring that every last soupcon of tasty homemade soup and every moreish morsel is as good as can be while keeping a wary eye on your budget. As General Manager you ll ensure that everything we serve up is of the highest standard, including the service You ll be training and leading a large team You ll ensure good first impressions, last impressions and those in between You ll nurture and grow the business You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding career with us You ll benefit from our awardwinning Management Programme What will make you perfect for the job? General Manager level experience in a high volume, branded, ideally fullservice restaurant A passion for delivering great service with the personal touch and attention to detail to ensure that every single customer comes back for more The personality, energy and charisma to inspire, lead and develop a large committed team The ability to impress a highly individual and diverse clientele The financial acumen to plan and grow the business to achieve its full potential What we offer Attractive salary Generous bonus scheme earn up to 100% of your salary General Manager benefits package A commitment to a quality training programme The potential to enjoy a long and successful career with us Apply now If you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.