Title: General Manager Oxford  New opening
Webindex: 71959772
Company: itk Recruitment
Description: My client operate a small but growing group of Restaurants with produce stores serving exceptional fresh food in relaxed informal surroundings. They serve Breakfast, brunch, Lunch and supper or simply stop by for coffee and cake. This eclectic business and company has something for everyone and are looking to open up to 15 sites in 2013 The role: General Manager in Oxford – New opening Up to **** plus bonus and overtime This role will see you open and run the Restaurant as General Manager with a great deal of autonomy. You will be responsible for a high turnover and fast paced Restaurant and retail produce store. As General Manager you will work closely with your Assistant Mangers to provide exceptional service in professional but relaxed environment About you: The Managers we are looking for are not too formal but very professional. You will be fully financially accountable and must have previous experience controlling your P L. The successful General Manager will be well presented, driven and passionate about great food and service. Ultimately you will be organised enough to deal with large volume of guests all day including an early start so non morning people need not apply This is a rare opportunity and Oxfords most exciting new opening for some time. The reward: As General Manager you can expect a starting salary of up to 35,000. My client will also pay overtime for any extra shifts worked above and beyond the 5 day working week You can earn a bonus of up to **** This is a great time to be part of a small but growing company and help shape their future. If this sounds like the job for you then email your CV to simonitkrecruitment.co.uk Please note that roles like these often generate a high response level and I will only be able to respond to candidates which match my client’s criteria. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GeneralManagerOxfordNewopening_job****