Title: Sommelier / Wine Specialist  The Domino Room  New Luxury Restaurant
Webindex: 70567965
Company: Caf Royal Hotel
Description: 'Need to know' Experienced Sommelier/Wine Specialist within new destination/fine dining restaurant in Luxury Hotel Base salary  Service charge Shift work including evenings and weekends Previous experience within as a Sommelier or Wine Specialist essential Formal qualifications in wine desirable Good understanding of the London restaurant scene and Luxury Hospitality beneficial Exceptional grooming and communications skills a must including a good level of spoken English 'A little more information' Caf Royal recently began welcoming back guests old and new, following our reopening as a **** Luxury Hotel in December. We are currently looking for a talented professional with personality, passion and dedication to join our team as a Sommelier to relaunch the historic Domino Room at Caf Royal and work alongside us to deliver the next level in exceptional guest experience. The Grill Domino Rooms at Caf Royal Rooted in its great heritage of pleasurable hospitality, meeting and dining at the Caf Royal is an experience that appeals to every taste with an array of distinctive restaurants, cafs and bars. Each offers its own special ambience and experience with distinctive cuisine prepared by leading chefs. These legendary London dining rooms, frequented by luminaries such as Oscar Wilde, George Bernard Shaw and Virginia Woolf, have been intelligently and thoughtfully restored to their ****s splendour. Inter connected by an internal staircase the Grill Domino is a selfenclosed entertainment venue and will once again become one of London’s must exclusive dining experiences, continuing a legacy spanning the past hundred years. The Domino Room has a more commanding and luxurious presence to complement the fine dining experience. Guests dine under a sumptuous canopy of bold cartouches surrounding still life canvases of fruit, flowers and small birds. Your role As a Sommelier in the Domino Room you will demonstrate a flexible and adaptive handson approach in order to support the Restaurant Manager with wine service delivery in the Grill Domino Rooms , and to support our team in d elivering a consistently high standard of personalised service to our guests. Providing fine, yet unobtrusive service is an art and as a member of a skilful management team you will be responsible for guiding our service team. Passion, knowledge of the latest trends in the London Restaurant scene and confidence are required trademarks for this position to successfully master the elegant delivery of our products and services. You will of course be passionate about service, with an exceptional knowledge of Wines and Champagne in order to train and develop a knowledgeable team skilled in all aspects of food and wine matching and the seamless delivery of service. You will also support the Restaurant Manager with the development of our teams wine knowledge, conducting regular training and wine tasting sessions. Our Requirements To become part of The Set you will epitomise the very essence of **** st century hospitality; with a natural flair and elegance for service, and a passion and enthusiasm for providing a luxurious level service that is both confident and calm. As a true hospitality professional you will be well versed in hotel operations and have the finesse to execute wine service with both personality and style. Possessing distinct l eadership qualities to provide a credible and consistent role model, you will be passionate about excellence in service standards to develop and coach a team skilled in anticipating guest needs and exceeding expectations. It’s likely that you will have a proven background in a similar role, ideally gained within a luxury hotel or fine dining restaurant environment as a either a Sommelier or Wine Specialist . Your communication skills will be exceptional with the ability and confidence to build strong working relationships at all levels of the business and to connect and converse effectively with guests visiting us from all over the world. If you believe you have what it takes to provide this outgoing and elevated level of luxurious service, and would like to join our Service team in the transformation of this iconic London venue we’d love to meet with you. Please send your CV and details to our recruitment team using the links below. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SommelierWineSpecialistTheDominoRoomNewLuxuryRestaurant_job****