Title: Senior Sous Chef, Michelin level, North West, ****k
Webindex: 68234098
Company: Red Star Associates   Hospitality Recruitment
Description: The Position: Senior Sous Chef The Candidate Requirement: Senior Sous Chef Job in a million One of the UK's leading restaurants is seeking a solid Senior Sous Chef with top quality experience at Michelin Star properties Your passion must be for using the most incredible ingredients to produce exceptional flavours and amazing presentation. Naturally you will be a great kitchen manager and team leader, be able to give the Chef Patron solid back up. Your background will provide you with the skills and knowledge to get the best out of your ingredients, and help develop even further this highly acclaimed restaurant Our Client: Senior Sous Chef Renowned property run buy a highly successful team. Boasting too many accolades to mention Benefits: Senior Sous Chef Full training and development opportunities. Uniform provided and free meals on duty. Good package and benefits for the right candidate . Temporary accommodation available. Salary ****k  gratuities n.b. You must hold an EU Work Permit valid for at least 18 months to be eligible for this role.  Please note, only candidates with the specified experience will receive a response. About us: Red Star Associates is an independent organisation specialising in Hospitality Recruitment. We are here to assist you in developing your career further within the hospitality industry.We offer vast opportunities across the board and specialise in the some of the finest establishments throughout the country  including those from Relais Chateaux, and with accolades such as AA red stars, Michelin stars and AA rosettes, from mainly a portfolio of privately owned properties. We offer a highly efficient and personal service believing that by getting to know both our candidates and clients well, we can ascertain their needs far better and make successful placements for both parties. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SeniorSousChefMichelinlevelNorthWest****k_job****