Title: DAIRY FRANCHISEE (MILK ROUND DELIVERY), KENT
Webindex: 72132649
Company: Hot Recruitment Consultants Ltd
Description: Dairy Franchisee (Milk Round Delivery), Canterbury. This is an excellent opportunity to represent a superb national brand as a Dairy Franchisee (Milk Rounds) in Canterbury, Kent. In this role, you will be part of the UK’s number one dairy business and a company who believe in encouraging success – both business and personal. PURPOSE OF THE JOB  To maintain and increase sales of company and offline products to current and new customers  Ensuring high levels of customer service are maintained at all times.  Effectively controlling the operation of your assigned round NATURE regular reviews help to ensure the Dairy Franchisee remains on track to deliver the unlimited earning potential achievable on all of our clients rounds. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES  Delivering products to customers on the designated milk round (including ‘call backs’ where required)  Ensuring excellent customer service is delivered at all times  Participating in all Company promotional activities  Ensuring that all deliveries and orders are logged on the ERB (Electronic Rounds Book)  Collecting customer payments and ensure the Company’s debt control procedures are followed  Ensuring the rounds account balances and payments are made in line with the Company procedures.  Carrying out all administration procedures, as specified by the Company  Ensuring that Health and Safety regulations are adhered to at all times  Maintaining the necessary levels of stock to ensure that customer demands are met and wastage levels kept to the minimum  Responsible for ordering products as necessary to meet customer requirements and for loading/unloading vehicles in line with Depot Operating Procedures  Keeping vehicles clean and smart at all times  Undertaking other duties within training experience and ability as directed by the Operations Manager KNOWLEDGE & EXPERIENCE REQUIRED  Must hold a full driving licence with Category B entitlement  Maximum of **** points on driving licence accepted  Must demonstrate excellent customer service skills  Experience of keeping accurate records  Must be comfortable working alone and with early starts/night work  Ability to meet the physical demands of the role  Must be comfortable handling cash  Experience of using handheld sets for deliveries (Electronic Rounds Books – ERB) is desirable Your OTE earnings should be circa **** to **** per annum and you will get a company vehicle equipped with all the things you need to run a successful business. HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients’ business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Dairy Franchisee (Milk Round Delivery) will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience. You must have eligibility to work in the UK. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Franchising, Franchisee, Franchise, Selfemployed, Deliveries, Driving, Driver,