Title: Team Leader (BMT Certified) / Burger King / Euston
Webindex: 70186677
Company: SSP UK   Food Travel Experts 
Description: mso asciithemefont:minorlatin; mso  fareast fontfamily: Calibri ; mso  fareast themefont: minorlatin; mso  hansi themefont:minorlatin; mso  bidi fontfamily: Times New Roman ; mso  bidi themefont:minor bidi ; mso  ansi language:ENGB; mso  fareast language: ENUS; mso  bidi language:ARSA'>Submission Email Address: Description: About SSP  The Food Travel Experts SSP is the leading dedicated operator of food and beverage brands in travel locations worldwide. We have a long heritage in food and travel, with over 60 years experience in the industry. All our operations feature a mix of food and beverage brands tailored specifically for each location. SSP employs **** staff across 32 countries, and serves millions of customers every week. For further career information and application details please go to w w w. s s p c a r e e r s. c o. u k Skills Experience To be successful in this role you will need previous experience of being a supervisor or team leader within a similar catering company, preferably from a brand or recognised high street food retailer which has set operating standards. You will need excellent communication skills, good time management skills and good attention to detail. You will be comfortable following company procedures and able to coach and develop the team to do the same. More than anything you should have a passion for delivering great customer service and put the customers needs first, ensuring they receive great service from you and your team. Certification in food hygiene and health safety would be an advantage, as would experience of coffee and food preparation in a commercial / retail business. BMT certification is must. Benefits Incentives In addition to a rate of pay starting at **** p/hr, SSP employees receive 28 days holiday, free meal on duty, free uniform, discounts off other SSP brands and lots of training and development opportunities for your future career progression into Team Leader roles.