Title: Sales Manager – Growing family run Restaurant Group
Webindex: 67379069
Company: Leisure Jobs
Description: Sales Manager – Growing family run Restaurant Group ****k****k We are currently recruiting for a Sales manager within a growing family run Restaurant Group, of over a dozen sites in Central London. This group of Restaurant always puts customers first and still retains a strong family ethic. They have a successful business model and are continuing to look for opportunities to grow. You have the opportunity to be part of the family You will be reporting to the Director of Marketing but must be a very proactive and selfmanaged and will be expected to manage you’re time exceptionally. You will be the Sales manager for the whole group and will need to proactively generate business through picking up the phone, networking events, and through your own contact in the London market. You will be responsible for managing, and launching, the Restaurant groups Social Media presence. You will be responsible for coordinating with General Managers and must be aware of pressures involved in this and able to support them effectively. You will be: •Passionate about Italian food and embrace Italian culture. •Have a strong knowledge of the London social scene. •Proactive and confident in generating new business. •Able to manage relationships at all levels within Restaurant Group and externally with Customers. •SelfManaged, very organised and able to work on own initiative. If this is you then our client offers an exciting opportunity to establish yourself within a leading group of a Restaurant and become a key part of our success going forward. You will have the opportunity to understand the workings of a group of restaurants from a central support function and have a fun careers well rewarded financially and with superb progression going forward. If this is you please apply below This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SalesManagerGrowingfamilyrunRestaurantGroup_job****