Title: Receptionist  De Vere Venues Ltd ?? Wokefield Park
Webindex: 67561745
Company: i resourcer
Description: Receptionist  De Vere Venues Ltd  Wokefield Park Wokefield Park is a unique venue set in the rural Berkshire countryside. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Receptionist who will be taking responsibility for welcoming our guests in a friendly and helpful manner. Responsibilities of Receptionist:  Required to check in and out our guests ensuring that all requirements are met during their stay  Ensure you are a point of contact for our guests should they have any queries  Answering the telephone and providing assistance  Providing an excellent standard of hospitality Benefits included for a Receptionist:  25 days holidays plus bank holidays  Private Medical Insurance Scheme  Contributory Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family & Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. You will be working in a busy environment which requires a consistency in customer service, flexibility and being able to work well under pressure. Experience in a similar role within a hotel environment is beneficial and you will need to be PC literate as the role requires working with a computerised Front Office system. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Receptionist apply now by forwarding your current CV to Lori Jones together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space  a forward thinking business with personality & creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Wokefield Park offers two totally different centres in both style and feel: the spacious, ultramodern, purposebuilt Executive Centre and the traditional Mansion House. The venue offers **** meeting rooms and **** ensuite bedrooms. Also available, a championship golf course, indoor pool, mini gym and spa.