Title: Assistant Manager, Red Starred Hotel, Scottish Highlands, ****k
Webindex: 68234538
Company: Red Star Associates   Hospitality Recruitment
Description: The Position : Assistant Manager The Successful Candidate: As an Assistant Manager, you will be an enthusiastic and charismatic customerfocussed individual with Michelin level experience.Reporting to the General Manager and Owners, you will be required to support a busy team within this reputed and highly accoladed property. As an Assistant Manager, you will be driven by exceeding customer expectation and the love of good food, served well You will also be involved in the supervision of the small number of bedrooms – checking in guests, handling payments, ensuring rooms are maintained and cleaned to the highest standards, taking restaurant and bedroom reservations. This role offers the opportunity to work with an outstanding team and be part of an exciting future Our Client : Assistant Manager Set within a unimposing converted building, the food offering includes intruiging menus,service is impeccable and as such the team have been awarded a host of accolades. Benefits: Assistant Manager Full training and development opportunities. Uniform provided and free meals on duty. Assistance with accommodation available. Excellent package and benefits for the right candidate . Salary ****k n.b. You must hold an EU Work Permit valid for at least 18 months to be eligible for this role.  Please note, only candidates with the specified experience will receive a response. About us: Red Star Associates is an independent organisation specialising in Hospitality Recruitment. We are here to assist you in developing your career further within the hospitality industry.We offer vast opportunities across the board and specialise in the some of the finest establishments throughout the country  including those from Relais Chateaux, and with accolades such as AA red stars, Michelin stars and AA rosettes, from mainly a portfolio of privately owned properties. We offer a highly efficient and personal service believing that by getting to know both our candidates and clients well, we can ascertain their needs far better and make successful placements for both parties. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerRedStarredHotelScottishHighlands18k_job****