Title: SALES MANAGER, LEISURE (GARDEN & LEISURE)
Webindex: 71113338
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Sales Manager, Leisure (Garden Leisure) Excellent Salary  Car  Bonus Midlands / Home Based Solus Garden Leisure Limited is the UK's leading supplier of Garden, Leisure and Home D cor products. Offering a diverse mix of quality brands across many categories, they are uniquely placed to supply retailers with a complete package of quality products, stunning point of sale and impactful promotions. Winner of the prestigious GIMA Supplier of the Year award in 2010, 2011 and 2012, the business has a track record of developing winning brands and innovative products. With continued investment in their brand portfolio, they are now looking to recruit a Sales Manager to head up a small team selling outdoor leisure products into a mixture of garden centre, independent retail and multiple accounts. Reporting to the senior team, you will be responsible for developing new business relationships as well as managing an already wellestablished account base. Along with you this you will look at growing the team to become a major force within the category. Working closely with brand management and new product development teams, you will ensure good stock availability and service to accounts across the UK. Ideally based centrally, you will have a good working knowledge of the Garden / Leisure / Outdoor market, have experience of implementing sales and margin budgets, and be an excellent communicator at all levels. With the prospect of building upon the existing team some man management experience would be advantageous, but above all you should be hard working, diligent and possess first rate motivational and mentoring skills. This is a hands on role with involvement in trade shows and showroom visits and overseas buying trips, with a flexible approach to work required. On offer is a fantastic salary and bonus, and the potential to develop your own team put a firm stamp on the business. With over 30 years of history in the business and a strong reputation this role will offer the opportunity to move forward in your career as well as job security. For more information send your CV to our retained recruitment partners at Clear Edge Search Selection ben.wild N/A or call N/A