Title: Function Chef  Searcys at the Inner Temple, LondonCompetitive Salary
Webindex: 71151030
Company: Searcys
Description: Searcys is one of the UK s leading hospitality organisations and operates in some of the most prestigious Restaurants, Bars and Events Venues in some of Britain s most iconic buildings and locations. Our business is expanding and believes in developing, motivating and giving our team the flexibility and tools they need to grow. Because of the bespoke nature of our approach and the eclectic mix of businesses, we deliberately give each venue the freedom required to execute a great job through creativity. Based in the heart of London s legal quarter, the Honourable Society of The Inner Temple is one of the four ancient Inns of Court and has been home, workplace, school and library to generations of barristers and judges. Our Award winning Gardens sit amongst beautiful barristers chambers with views over Victoria Embankment and the Thames. I t has a capacity for **** guests, with luxurious marquee available for summer parties and licensed for weddings. Function Chef A great opportunity for an experienced chef at Junior Sous Chef level to join our busy team in this newly created position. The role will involve supporting a wide variety of functions for up to **** guests, experience within a banqueting background is essential. The ideal candidate will have  Working knowledge of food hygiene, health and safety and HACCP practices. The ability to work under pressure in a fast paced environment and have good organisational skills. Passion for delivering efficient and high standards of service. Strong knowledge of fresh food and beverage. Experience in a similar busy hospitality venue including fine dining and large banquets. Experience of menu development would be beneficial. Flexibility of working hours is essential, including evening and weekend work. We are looking for commitment and dedication. We are offering a competitive salary in the region of **** per annum plus excellent benefits including enhanced holiday entitlement, childcare scheme and company discounts.