Title: Restaurant General Manager Cambridge
Webindex: 68803412
Company: Pizza Hut
Description: Position Description It's an exciting prospect. Working as a Restaurant Manager for a brand that really believes in its people  and will give you all the support you need to grow your restaurant. Despite the recession, we're serious about investing to grow our business here at Pizza Hut. We're investing in our people too, with great training and development programmes. (No wonder so many of our Area Managers and Head Office Operational team started off in our restaurants.) If you've got the drive and ideas to keep a business  and a team  developing fast, we'll give you all the tools you need to be a real success. The Restaurant General Manager Role You can create a great atmosphere in your restaurant. You'll make sure your team love coming into work  and customers want to keep coming back for more. You've also got a sharp business brain. So if we give you an objective, you'll work out a way to make sure it happens (aided, of course, by our management 'success by design' tool that will help you take your restaurant to new heights). Whether you're recruiting brilliant new team members, analysing how the business is doing and coming up with new innovative ideas to make it run even better, making sure your team are fully trained up, or promoting marketing initiatives in your area, you'll make a big success of your role. Required Experience The skills you'll need as a Restaurant General Manager You may be a Restaurant Manager already. Or becoming a Restaurant Manager might be your next career move. You might even be a Manager in the catering or hospitality industries looking to move into restaurant management. Whatever your background, you'll need to have shown you can lead a sizeable team. Our restaurants have between **** and **** people  and you'll need to inspire and develop each and every one of them. You're used to working in an environment where you're face to face with the customer  and where driving sales and delivering great service are all important. For this particular position we are looking for candidates who possess either a full UK driving licence or motorcycle licence and who own or have access to a vehicle. Salary Benefits As a Restaurant General Manager at Pizza Hut, we won't just give you your own business to grow. We'll also give you all the support you need to grow it. We'll listen to you. (Hut Space is your online hotline straight to senior management.) We'll give you  and your team  great training tools. And we'll reward your success with great promotion prospects and generous benefits. It's the perfect combination of support and autonomy. As well as a competitive salary, successful applicants can expect a wide range of benefits in return, including a generous bonus, pension scheme, 28 days' holiday, private healthcare  to name just a few. Site Description Cambridge