Title: Chef De Partie  Main kitchen  Live in
Webindex: 65318029
Company: Towngate Personnel
Description: CHEF DE PARTIE – MAIN KITCHEN  ****– CORPORATE CHAIN LIVE IN – MEALS ON/OFF DUTY A Chef de Partie with this leading hotel group is responsible for supervising staff and ensuring high levels of food preparation to deliver an excellent guest and member experience while assisting with food cost controls. What will it be like to work for this Hotel Brand? One of the most recognized names in the industry t he brand continues to be the innovative, forwardthinking global leader of hospitality. With products and services that meet the needs of tomorrow's savvy global travelers, we shape experiences in which every guest feels cared for, valued, and respected. What will I be doing? As a Chef de Partie you are responsible for supervising staff and ensuring high levels of food preparation to deliver an excellent Guest and Member experience. As Chef de Partie would also be required to assist with food cost controls. Specifically, you will be responsible for performing the following tasks to the highest standards: Ensure all food preparation meets standards Prepare and present high quality food Supervise staff Keep all working areas clean and tidy and ensure no cross contamination Prepare all misenplace for all relevant menus Assist in positive outcomes from guest queries in a timely and efficient manner Ensure food stuffs are of a good quality and stored correctly Contribute to controlling costs, improving gross profit margins, and other departmental and financial targets Assist other departments wherever necessary and maintain good working relationships Assist Head Chef/Sous Chef in the training of all staff in compliance of company procedures Report maintenance, hygiene and hazard issues Comply with hotel security, fire regulations and all health and safety and food safety legislation Be environmentally aware What are we looking for? To successfully fill this role, you should maintain the attitude, behaviors, skills, and values that follow: NVQ Level 2/**** Achieved Basic Food Hygiene Certificate Supervisory experience Positive attitude Good communication skills Ability to work under pressure Ability to work on own or in teams It would be advantageous in this position for you to demonstrate the following capabilities and distinctions: Previous kitchen experience in similar role Intermediate Food Hygiene Knowledge of current food trend What benefits will I receive? Your benefits will include a competitive starting salary and holiday entitlement. As an employee you will become a member of the hotels club which provides reduced hotel room rates in our hotels worldwide, plus discounts on products and services offered by the worldwide group and its partners. We value all applications, however due to the volume of response we are currently receiving; we are only able to contact candidates whose skills and experience closely match the requirements of our clients. In line with the requirements of the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK . As part of the recruitment process, you will be asked to provide documented evidence of eligibility. In line with the requirements of the Employment Agencies Act **** Towngate Personnel are prohibited from charging workseekers for work finding services. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ChefDePartieMainkitchenLivein_job****