Title: Commis Chef  Kitchen
Webindex: 67017504
Company: Le Meridien Piccadilly
Description: Le Mridien Piccadilly embodies the true fusion of culture, art, design, fashion and cuisine and is recognised as the landmark hotel in Piccadilly Circus . After the Restoration of the English monarchy in **** Piccadilly emerged as one of the most fashionable locales in London, a designation it continues to hold today through a continuous evolution and ongoing transformation that creates a contemporary, inspiring and stimulating retreat in the heart of London's vibrant West end. Le Mridien Piccadilly is seeking a new team member who shares our passion for delivering an unrivalled level of service. You will need to be highly motivated to work in an environment where exceeding the expectations of our customers is the minimum standard. A day in the life of Marc, Commis Chef As a Commis Chef at Le Meridien Piccadilly, I am in the heart of the hotel and the organisation as well as being the foundations of a key team that can shape the overall ‘guest experience’ within our Food and Beverage outlets and operations. Essentially, it is my job to help ensure that our food production is of the highest quality possible and that my contributions within the team are to best of my ability; this could see me being responsible for different aspects of the preparation and assisting the Chef de Parties in their sections. I work within a team of Associates that includes other Commis Chefs, Sous Chefs and Chef de Parties; working closely with other departments such as the Restaurant team and Conference and Banqueting is also important to our success and this helps us provide a consistent and memorable experience for the duration of the guests stay. It’s not just preparation as most people might expect, I am often involved in other projects that help drive standards within our department or other aspects of the business. This can include anything from Health and Safety training to participating in special events we hold for the guests; the possibilities really are endless and help me aspire to reach the next level in my career. Being an excellent communicator is essential to the role as it helps the kitchen to run effectively and on schedule; I get real satisfaction when guests thank us personally for delivering a meal or experience they will remember. Working in Central London means we get a very diverse mix of guests and events so we are always having to ‘flex our style’ and no two days are ever the same. As a team we work in shifts so that the Kitchen operation is covered throughout the day; this means I could be working an early, middle, or late shift with each of these covering eight hours or more. We are always receiving extra training and coaching which is great and helps me perform to the best of my abilities. I love working as part of the team, knowing we help build memories for guests and making their stays extra special when ever they visit. Salary: **** per annum This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/CommisChefKitchen_job****