Title: Costa Coffee Assistant Department Manager
Webindex: 70143968
Company: MOTO HOSPITALITY
Description: Moto Hospitality is the UK's leader in Motorway Service Areas. We have **** locations throughout the country, with **** staff dedicated to customer satisfaction. Our service areas are massive businesses, a high street under one roof with the teams who manage and work in them all employed by us. We have a number of leading high street brands operating at our sites such as Marks and Spencer SimplyFoods, WH Smiths, Burger King, Costa Coffee, BP, ESSO and our own restaurant offer, Eat and Drink Co. Since **** Costa has been serving coffee in true Italian style and is now at every Moto site. The perfect combination  First of all, there's the warm and welcoming atmosphere. Then the great range of authentic coffee drinks. Next the Ferrari of coffee machines. And finally, the most passionate and well trained baristas around. It's this unique combination that makes our Costa Brand at Moto stand out from the others, and we're incredibly proud of it. We are looking for a Costa Assistant D epartment Manager at our Donington Park Service Area to fulfil a demanding and challenging role. A s the Assistant Department Manager of Costa Coffee your role is to support the Department Manager to ensure that the whole team are focussed on driving sales, driving Operational standards, ensuring brand compliance and to support the Manager to develop the team and to deliver budgeted profit.You will also create a culture of service and sales, inspiring your team to deliver the highest levels of customer service. You will be part of the site management team and be involved in a range of management duties as delegated to you by your Manager. You will need to ensure that all supervisors and team members in the departments are aware of the required brand standards at all time and to monitor day to day operating performance. You will also be involved in all aspects of communication within your team you will get involved in team briefings and appraisals. All of our managers will champion customer service, create a culture of service and sales and lead by example. That’s why this is a great development opportunity and ideal career move. In order to be considered for this post you will ideally have strong experience in the following areas:  High level of customer service  To be committed to the team spirit and harmony  Able to work in a fast paced work environment  Experience of working with a wellknown brand  Proven experience of leading and motivating a team in a branded catering environment Employed by Moto, you will work closely with the site management team, along with our Head Office Support Functions. In return we'll give you all the training and support you need, plus generous benefits and exceptional career opportunities. So come and enjoy the journey with us  This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/CostaCoffeeAssistantDepartmentManager_job****