Title: Kitchen Manager  Romford
Webindex: 71855117
Company: Ember Inns
Description: Kitchen Manager ******** Working at Ember Inns Do you want to work in the best pub in the local area for meeting, eating and drinking? Then look no further than the vacancies at Ember Inns. We ve got exactly the workplace you re looking for. Great British pub food and fine cask ales Ember Inns offer great quality food and drink pubs in the heart of residential areas. We are particularly famous for our traditional menu s and great British classics so it s a great place to develop your culinary skills. You may also fancy becoming an Accredited Kitchen Managers and supporting other businesses in your area. Welcome to Ember Inns Mawney Arms A great opportunity for a Kitchen Manager has at the Mawney Arms. The successful kitchen manager will have previous experience of Kitchen Management, and strong experience as a grill chef as the majority of the role will involve leading by example. You must be able to provide evidence of exemplary performance with regards to delivering budget and all associated controls and food safety requirements. Most importantly for us, as a Kitchen Manager in Mawny Arms, you must have the desire to lead and support a team and grow both them and the business. Ember Inns are some of the best real ale pubs in Britain with an unrivalled choice of perfectlykept cask beers and a wide range of other drinks too. But it s not just the ales that are real at Ember Inns. These are real local pubs with delicious real pub food, comfortable sofas, easy chairs, real fires and lots of cosy corners; we are the best place for relaxed conversation and socialising. What you ll do in this role It s true that our cellar is famous at Ember Inns. But our kitchen is just as famous As Kitchen Manager, you ll be helping to keep it that way by maintaining our incredibly high standards. You will be responsible for stock control, ordering and managing your team in the kitchen. Getting everyone to step up to the plate As Kitchen Manager, you ll make sure that every dish is sheer perfection as it makes its way from kitchen to table You ll be responsible for training and motivating your team members ensuring a perfect blend in the kitchen You ll be responsible for food stock control, ordering and due diligence You ll be accountable for the kitchen s financial performance You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding managerial career with us What will make you perfect for the job? Kitchen Manager / team leader experience in a high volume, branded environment A passion for delivering great food and an obsessive attention to detail ensuring that every dish that leaves the kitchen leaves a guest satisfied Leadership qualities with the enthusiasm and charisma to inspire your team Attention to the maintenance of profit margins Strict about conforming to health and hygiene regulations Excellent communication skills Enthusiasm, a strong work ethic and a hunger to learn Minimum level 2 food safety (and preferably higher) Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle What we offer Highly competitive salary Attractive Kitchen Manager bonus package Opportunity to join a defined contribution pension scheme 5 weeks paid holiday Other lifestyleflexible benefits Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.