Title: Chef De Partie  **** Star Deluxe Hotel  Excellent Salary  Live In 
Webindex: 72228668
Company: JAP Associates
Description: Company Information: Our client is Luxury **** Star Hotel that has won numerous awards across all areas of the operation. The hotel boasts a multi outlet food and beverage operation, conference and banqueting facilities dining is something this hotel does at the highest level. The bedrooms are of a luxurious standard creating a truly outstanding operation. This is also mirrored in the working environment making this an employer of choice. The hotel is currently recruiting for a Chef de Partie to work in the all day dining high end bistro operation. Job description: As Chef De Partie you will be responsible for running and organising your individual section producing a very high standard of food. You will have the opportunity to work across all sections in the kitchen serving rosette standard food as well as banqueting. You will also be responsible for supervising the junior chefs and maintaining the kitchen hygiene and health and safety standards. Ideal Background: It is essential you have worked within a quality driven large scale **** or 5 Star Hotel operation and have a real passion food with a flexible and adaptable approach. Knowledge of all sections is required as you will move around the kitchen as required. You must also be a team player and have the ability to work independently using your own initiative and be used to working in a busy environment. This role could suit a Demi Chef de Partie looking for a step up or an experienced Chef de Partie looking for a new challenge. Salary and Benefits: Our client is offering a very competitive salary for this role of Chef de Partie **** based on 45 hours per week; you will get overtime above these hours and share of gratuitues. You will also have accommodation and meal provided for a small monthly charge and benefit from lower tax on the island. In order to process your application please forward you CV in word document to justine.perryjapassociates.co.uk JAP Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. In accordance and compliance with the “Asylum and Immigration Act ****” all applicants applying for the above position will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to live and work in the United Kingdom.