Title: Sales Manager  Meetings and Events
Webindex: 70568474
Company: De Vere Hotels & Village Urban Resorts
Description: Previous experience in fast moving busy environment  high turnover, diary management, sales and marketing essential. You must be: V.commercial? V.driven? V.detailed? V.resilient ? V.inspirational? Are you a role model in all of the above performance criteria? If so we want to hear from you today Please forward your CV along with a paragraph on each the above **** performance areas telling us why and how you are a role model in each. Below you will find a brief outline of duties. Meetings Events Sales Manager  Role Summary Reporting to: General Manager Direct Reports: M E Coordinators, Wedding Coordinator CORE PURPOSE. Only read on if……. you want to inspire and drive a team to really excel in securing fantastic meetings and events sales and drive a key revenue stream within our business We are no ordinary hotel business. VILLAGE hotels, is a unique concept. Ours is a designled, inspirational and multifaceted product, attractive to a diverse customer base where locals are as valued as corporate and leisure guests and we strive to consistently deliver 'more than' to our guests. Your role is to deliver an efficient, effective and professional meetings and events booking service, maximising the conversion from enquiry to booking. You also ensure that all guest requirements are communicated accurately to the operational teams You achieve this by; Putting considerable effort into understanding your customer and working as a team with key stakeholders including GM, Hotel Sales Manager, Revenue Manager and operational colleagues. Continually focused on achieving agreed sales targets, reacting to slippage as appropriate. Recruiting and selecting talented people, then training, supporting and retaining the team to deliver great standards and service. Taking a handson approach, leading by example. You relish the responsibility and truly own the performance of your team RESPONSIBLE FOR Operations Fully conversant with Hotel Budget and M E contribution to it Develop implement an M E strategy to ensure maximum yield is always achieved Challenge support the M E Team to achieve departmental KPI’s Plan promotional offers to support need periods within budget expectations. Ensure regular competitor analysis is carried out Maintain and increase M E market share Ensure that you and the Meetings Events Sales Team: Respond to all enquiries in a timely, confident professional manner, displaying a clear comprehensive knowledge of the hotel, its facilities and details of other hotels in the Group, taking every opportunity to upsell refer business at all times. Achieve a minimum BDRC score of 95% each month. Apply appropriate negotiating techniques, address objectives and drive (not force) revenue, developing productive client and internal colleague relationships. Record full and accurate details of bookings as per Company and hotel procedures. Competently manage, update and interpret supporting systems to maximise sales performance. Specifically, but not exclusively focus on; Producing daily activity reports via Delphi to measure enquiry conversions. Converting all tentative bookings on Delphi within a **** month lead window. Producing a denial/cxld report weekly giving full reasons for revenue loss. Make clients aware of the full terms of business, including the cancellation policy and the need to confirm bookings prior to arrival. Conduct Client 'showrounds' professionally, taking every opportunity to upsell. Record guests’ requirements accurately and communicate to operational departments. Book third party services in accordance with Company and hotel procedures. Have knowledge of, and operate, the hotel’s cash handling and security procedures. Carry out after event sales calls within 3 days of event, providing all feedback repeat business conversion as a weekly report. Carry out weekly/monthly telesales to last years actual bookings by ‘booked date’ Measure daily revenue against monthly budget display team targets. Deal with complaints/issues politely and swiftly in conjunction with your line manager as necessary. Maintain operational standards to the highest possible level in respect of service, hygiene, health safety and ensuring minimal wastage Management Assist in compiling budgets for the Department by providing accurate information, Ensure the profitability of the department, keeping wages/costs and expenditure within budget through forward planning and effective use of Rota Horizon. Work with General Manager to agree levels of staff required to meet business needs, and ensure that recruitment of staff is within prescribed levels. Develop implement Induction Plans for new members of the Team, in conjunction with hotel People Development Department. Ensure that Team Members are trained up to required quality standards, as per the Company’s Health Safety Policy/Emergency Procedures and statutory obligations. Conduct staff appraisal interviews at six monthly intervals in line with Company policy and action issues raised and/or training needs identified appropriately. Conduct disciplinary, grievance and counselling procedures, where necessary, in conjunction with the hotel PD Manager and following Company guidelines Lead and motivate staff to encourage maximum commitment and effectiveness. Maintain regular and effective briefing sessions with your Team members. Welcome and facilitate business and organisational changes. Sustain a working environment that supports the Company’s objective of consistently treating its employees in a fair and reasonable way. Accountable for the following performance indictors Budgeted revenue is achieved or exceeded KPI’s are achieved Team consistently aware of budgeted expectations and gap to budget at any time Customer satisfaction reflected in positive feedback Department operates at maximum efficiency with required resource to meet business needs and exceeds statutory requirements for health, safety and hygiene standards. Standard Operating Procedures are followed. Excellent performance during test calls and within BDRC target for results Operating costs are controlled without compromising quality of service. Central Office and Unit guidelines followed. Acceptable levels of staff turnover absenteeism Satisfactory Training Audits confirm: All staff trained to appropriate, agreed standards Training needs identified at appraisal are actioned appropriately. No avoidable accidents or dangerous occurrences All members of the Team are proactive confident in their respective roles Frequent, effective communication of com This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SalesManagerMeetingsandEvents_job****