Title: Spa Therapist  De VereVenues Ltd  Wokefield
Webindex: 68233608
Company: i resourcer
Description: Spa Therapist  De Vere Venues Ltd  Wokefield Wokefield Park is a unique venue set in the rural Berkshire countryside. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Spa Therapist who will be responsible for providing our Spa guests with a warm, friendly and relaxing first class spa experience. Responsibilities of Spa Therapist:  providing a wide range of beauty treatments in a welcoming, friendly and relaxing environment  conduct all treatments in a safe and professional manner  ensure delivery of great customer service at best possible cost within brand guidelines and satisfying legal requirements.  Maintain and develop client / guest relationships  provide excellent standards of hospitality Benefits included for a Spa Therapist:  25 days holidays plus bank holidays  Private Medical Insurance Scheme  Contributory Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a keen interest in beauty and a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. You will be working in a busy environment which requires a consistency in customer service, flexibility and being able to work well under pressure. The ideal candidate will be organised, an excellent communicator and a hands on therapist with exceptional attention to detail and the passion to go the extra mile for our customers. Previous experience in a similar role is essential, NVQ Level3 in Beauty Therapy preferable. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Spa Therapist (ref: ST WOK ****) apply now by forwarding your current CV to Janie Coleman together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space – a forward thinking business with personality creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Wokefield Park offers two totally different centres in both style and feel: the spacious, ultramodern, purposebuilt Executive Centre and the traditional Mansion House. The venue offers **** meeting rooms and **** ensuite bedrooms. Also available, a championship golf course, indoor pool, mini gym and spa. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SpaTherapistDeVereVenuesLtdWokefield_job****