Title: Chef Manager ****k Epsom
Webindex: 68707302
Company: Blue Arrow   Guildford
Description: Our client a national contract caterers nationally, currently have an exciting opportunity to enhance their catering facilities on site within a prestigious contract in Epsom Surrey. The unit has a retail catering restaurant offering staff and visitors a breakfast, lunch and supper service from Monday to Friday. The Costa coffee bar is open 7 days a week with premium coffee, pastries and toasted sandwiches and panini. A Hospitality service of teas, coffee, and sandwich lunches is also provided to meeting and training rooms. JOB SPECIFICATION We are looking for an experienced Chef Manager to manage and coordinate the daytoday retail restaurant operation, maintaining high standards of food and service, in line with Client requirements catering for up to **** meals daily. Catering or Culinary qualifications required. Experience of managing a staff or retail restaurant is necessary, working to control costs and maximise sales and developing their team. The role includes cooking and overseeing the kitchen production as part of the team as well as managing the overall business. The role will involve some weekend work on a rota basis. A good knowledge of Food Safety and Health & Safety Systems is essential. Candidates will have to demonstrate a passion for quality food and service and the ability to manage finances. CANDIDATE PROFILE A passion for food and the ability to cook to a high standard. Good customer care and people skills. Flexible in their approach. Food Hygiene certificate Health and Safety experience. Team training experience. Excellent communication skills. Good time management and planning. To ensure communication is delivered at all levels. Blue Arrow is one of the UK`s largest recruitment businesses, dedicated to providing bespoke staffing solutions through a network of specialist branches and onsite locations. For over 50 years, our priority has been to work in partnership with our clients and candidates to secure longterm relationships. Blue Arrow provides an extended range of permanent and temporary recruitment services to a variety of public and private sector clients in the following areas:  Catering and Hospitality  Secretarial and Admin  Driving  Industrial and Manufacturing  Distribution and Warehousing