Title: RETAIL MANAGER  SATELLITE, EDINBURGH
Webindex: 68837349
Company: Hot Recruitment Consultants
Description: Retail Manager  Satellite, Edinburgh . Our client is an independently owned and well established retail business selling a unique mix of quality and internationally branded footwear for over 100 years. They are currently seeking an enthusiastic, Retail Manager Satellite with a positive attitude and a passion for customer service and selling to join their friendly and high performing retail teams. THE ROLE As Retail Manager  Satellite your main role is to provide Management Cover for Managers or Assistant Managers across the **** shop’s when they are on holiday, training or when recruitment for management staff is necessary. Our client has shops in Inverness, Oban, Perth, St Andrews, Callander, Edinburgh, Peebles, Galashiels, Kelso, Ayr, Largs and Glasgow. For this reason the willingness to travel to any of the shop’s within the retail group at short notice is essential, you could be in Edinburgh one day and Inverness the next When providing Management Cover in a shop you will ensure that day to day events run smoothly and that the shop is an enjoyable place to be for both the staff and the customers. You will have a cando attitude, be passionate about selling and be motivated by achieving targets and encouraging others to succeed. RESPONSIBILITIES As Retail Manager  Satellite you will be responsible for the following:  Providing Management cover in all business locations.  Work closely with Management teams and Operations Manager.  Full responsibility for achieving targets set and overall shop performance.  Ensure control and the smooth running of the shop floor.  Achievement of high standards of customer service.  Achieve targets and sell products.  Ensure all business standards are consistently met.  Manage stock and people effectively  Training staff. THE PERSON For the role of Retail Manager  Satellite, previous Retail Management, Assistant Management or Supervisory experience is essential. You must be passionate and committed to a career in retail with the following skills:  Must have a positive, determined, can do attitude  Ability to integrate professionally with teams in the shops and Head Office  Ability to use various leadership styles to lead shop teams effectively  Self motivator and excellent communication skills  Target driven and passionate about direct selling THE REWARDS This exciting role of Retail Manager  Satellite is offering you:  A competitive starting salary of **** pa  Company car  The opportunity to work for a well renowned, successful retail store  28 days holiday  Contributory pension scheme  Fantastic management training programme  Generous discount on shop products HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients’ business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Retail Manager  Satellite will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment. You must have eligibility to work in the UK. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Retail Manager, Area Manager, Regional Manager, Shops, Retail, Store, Fashion, This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/RETAILMANAGERSATELLITEEDINBURGH_job****