Title: Kitchen Manager Designate
Webindex: 71659401
Company: Crown Carveries
Description: Kitchen Manager Designate Business: Crown Carvery  West Midlands Location: West Midlands Brand: Crown Carveries Salary: **** **** Live In: No Working at Crown Carveries If you want the satisfaction of seeing your customers coming back eager for more then join our friendly Crown Carveries team. Soon you ll be helping deliver top quality carvery food that s staggering value for money and seeing satisfied guests returning time and time again Jawdropping value in a friendly pub atmosphere There s an art to delivering such extraordinary value and you can learn these invaluable skills in the relaxed working environment of a friendly local pub. It s a great way to build your career whilst being at the heart of the local community. What is a Kitchen Manager Designate? Our Kitchen Managers play an important role in the success of our pubs and restaurants  which is why we are running a development programme to set you up for success. Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. This role is aimed at chefs who are looking for a new challenge. You will spend time with one of our training chefs, learning about our menu and systems and preparing your self to run a busy kitchen of your own. The aim is that you will be able to successfully run one of our kitchens within **** to 3 months. You will need to be flexible in terms of geography and willing to travel within this area in order to take advantage of the job opportunities and training on offer What will make you perfect for the job? We are looking for experienced Sous Chefs / Second Chefs / Head Chefs / Kitchen Managers / Managers who are looking to take the next step in their career and are seeking a new challenge. Please note that although this position is not livein, accommodation will be provided if significant travel is required to the place of work.