Title: General Manager  Leics
Webindex: 69669034
Company: Harvester
Description: General Manager Working at Harvester Friendly, familyfocused food is what we re all about. So if you love making kids smile as much as you like delicious, freshlychargrilled food, look no further than our Harvester. Great food for all the family There s always a happy family buzz about Harvester, and this friendly, vibrant atmosphere can really help your career takeoff. Develop your skills by preparing and serving a great range of delicious grills, spit roasts, farm assured chicken and fish. Learn how to keep the whole family happy with special Young Guest dishes, kids activity sheets and the famous unlimited visits Harvester salad bar. Welcome to Harvester Wheatsheaf, Loughborough A busy, well established restaurant close to the heart of Loughborough with a superb main road location. The business benefits from a loyal local guest base whilst also drawing a substantial trade from the neighbouring university. With a full refurbishment planned later this year this is an ideal opportunity for an experienced manager to take the business to the next level. Harvester is the home of family fun and, as General Manager, you ll be the ring master It s not just our customers who come in big happy families. Our staff are one big happy family too. So it will be your job, to make sure our families stay happy on both sides of the till What you ll do in this role It takes a very special person to be a General Manager at Harvester because you ll be training, managing and moulding your staff and ensuring that our food is always of the highest quality. You ll be keeping a wary eye on your budget. Oh, and have fun doing it. Because if you re not having fun neither will our customers As General Manager you ll ensure that everything we serve up is of the highest standard, including the service You ll be training and leading a large team You ll ensure good first impressions, last impressions and those in between You ll nurture and grow the business You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding career with us You ll benefit from our awardwinning Management Programme What will make you perfect for the job? General Manager level experience in a high volume, branded, ideally fullservice restaurant A passion for delivering great service with the personal touch and attention to detail to ensure that every single customer comes back for more The personality, energy and charisma to inspire, lead and develop a large committed team The ability to impress a highly individual and diverse clientele The financial acumen to plan and grow the business to achieve its full potential Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. What we offer Attractive salary Generous bonus scheme earn up to 100% of your salary General Manager benefits package A commitment to a quality training programme The potential to enjoy a long and successful career with us Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.