Title: Sous Chef  Lower Slaughter Manor
Webindex: 68834759
Company: Lower Slaughter Manor
Description: Lower Slaughter Manor, a luxury country house hotel located in the picturesque village of Lower Slaughter, right in the heart of the Cotswolds. Privately owned by Andrew and Christina Brownsword, this stunning 17th century manor house combines opulent interiors with traditional charm, attentive service and a relaxed ambience. Lower Slaughter is considered to be amongst the prettiest villages in England and is a popular destination all year round for guests wishing to escape to the countryside. A wonderful opportunity to work with great people and in beautiful surroundings, we are looking for a Sous Chef to join the current team and help us to provide the excellent service our guests expect. Your main responsibilities will be to assist and support the Head Chef with the production, control and issue of all food in the Kitchen. You will also be responsible for various sections ensuring that our high standards are maintained and generally assist the head chefs to prepare and cook each dish. Key to being successful in this role is having a passion for excellent food, a desire to learn and progress plus a keen eye for detail. The detail of what we do and our standards are extremely high. Previous experience as a Sous Chef in a similar property is preferred as you will appreciate the level of detail required to ensure that everything is perfect for our guests, many of whom return again and again. This is a full time position working 5 days in **** so weekend and evening working will form part of your weekly schedule. We are striving for perfection, and our results are based on employing the right people. We believe that our staff should be nurtured, developed and encouraged to both succeed and progress. If you are already in the hospitality industry, or looking for a new career, we invite you to be inspired by our brand, our way of life, our belief in people and our attitude towards service. Lower Slaughter Manor is one of twelve hotels in the Brownsword Hotel collection. Brownsword Hotels are great places to work and develop your career in the hospitality industry. Employees receive an outstanding benefits package including an excellent range of local and online discounts for everything from days out to your weekly shop. Brownsword Hotels is an equal opportunity employer. Proof of your right to work within the UK will be required at interview stage If you are interested in applying for this role please send your CV, covering letter and salary expectation to Christina Gilder, Regional HR Officer – christinagilderbrownswordhotels.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SousChefLowerSlaughterManor_job****