Title: KITCHEN MANAGER  RESTAURANT BAR AND GRILL
Webindex: 68233661
Company: Detail 2 Leisure
Description: Fantastic opportunity to join this high volume, branded operation as a Kitchen Manager. This role gives the successful applicant the opportunity to be at the forefront of this leading and prestigious brand in its continuing development. This is all about volume, making this an exciting, fastpaced environment. The Company: Our client is one of the UK’s leading operators of banded bars and restaurants and are about to embark on an unprecedented period of expansion. We therefore have an exciting opportunity to join one of the company’s leading fresh food concepts. This brand offers desirable surroundings and prides itself on offering their guests great quality fresh food in a comfortable and relaxed environment. It is a highly regarded brand throughout the sector and is synonymous with quality and service. They are currently looking for a driven Kitchen Manager to join the team. Job Role  Kitchen Manager  Restaurant Bar and Grill : As a result of brand expansion our client has a vacancy for a Kitchen Manager / Head Chef. Their role will be to ensure that the kitchen operates smoothly, to manage the profitability by providing consistently excellent food and exceeding guests service expectations. If you can inspire your team to success you can expect competitive benefits, rewards, excellent training and exceptional career prospects. The successful client will drive this through: Having bags of enthusiasm and drive along with new ideas for ways to increase sales and promote your business. Living the values. Leading by example. In return you will be working for a multibrand company that really values their employees and is committed to career development. This is an excellent opportunity for an ambitious Kitchen Manager. Key Attributes  Kitchen Manager  Restaurant Bar and Grill : The role offers the successful applicant the opportunity to be at the forefront of leading this prestigious brand forward in its continuing development. Similar experience is essential Qualifications are an advantage Ambition to continually drive the business forward Excellent team player and leader Key management and development skills Good financial understanding Due to excellent inhouse training, our client is committed to fulfilling career development to suit the individual’s needs. Detail****Leisure is a division of Detail **** Group Limited and acts as an employment agency. We are the chosen recruitment partner for many of the UK's leading hospitality leisure companies. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/KITCHENMANAGERRESTAURANTBARANDGRILL_job****