Title: General Manager  The Penny Whistle, Northampton
Webindex: 68512996
Company: Scream
Description: General Manager  Penny Whistle, Northampton The Penny Whistle, a Northampton town centre business well known for Live Music and Live Sports has a vacancy for a liveout General Manager. As part of the Scream brand there is a keen focus on students, however the site is a true hybrid appealing to a broad church of customers. This one roomed operation has huge potential to exploit and benefits from a 3am license. The successful General Manager will be adaptable, enthusiastic and energetic. A clear vision for the future direction of the business will be of paramount importance. Networking to drive new trade into the site will be a key skill, as will the ability to lead a strong but fledgling team forward. Part of our 'Scream' segment, these pubs are famous for been the student destination or the place for likeminded people. Scream is fun, playful, flexible and an engaging brand with lots of personality. Scream is famous for offering great value food and drink, been the sports hub for all major sporting events and the famous Yellow card which is the most established student pub discount scheme in the UK. General Manager  What we want We are looking for General Managers who can demonstrate the passion and commitment to succeed in this highenergy, revitalised business. After all, we're not just a leading pub and hospitality group: we're an innovative and passionate team, with big ambitions for the future. Our General Managers are people who have the ability to engage with customers whether students or likeminded people. They are well known personalities and love to get involved in the local activities; these are the General Managers who always know what their competitors are up to. Sales driven but cost aware and driven to deliver the best possible experience for their customers, able to think on their feet and outside of the box and enjoy the freedom to try new ideas that will grow their sales and be the best pub in the area. As a General Manager you will have responsibility and accountability for: Growing sales every day Being proud of your people Keeping your pub legal and your customers safe Investing in the future of the company by being profitable Delivering fantastic experiences for every customer on every visit. General Manager salary and benefits In return, as a General Manager, you will receive: Competitive salary Uncapped bonus scheme **** day's holiday Single private health care cover Stake holder pension scheme Extensive training and career progression opportunities Individual incentives This could be a fantastic opportunity for a General Manager to work in an environment that is fun as well as challenging with the training and development to take your career along the path of your choice  so come and talk to us. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GeneralManagerThePennyWhistleNorthampton_job****