Title: GENERAL MANAGER  BRANDED PUB AND RESTAURANT (LIVE IN AVAILABLE)
Webindex: 71417804
Company: Detail2Leisure
Description: Exciting General Management opportunity with this high volume, branded operation. This role offers the successful applicant the opportunity to work for a company that really does value their employees and is committed to career development. This is all about volume, making this an exciting, fastpaced environment. Live in accommodation is available. The Company: Our client is one of the UK's leading operators of managed pubs, restaurants and leisure attractions offering eating, drinking and entertainment for their customers in over **** outlets. They are one of the great names in licensed retailing and were at the forefront of the creation of the British pub we know today. Job Role  General Manager  Branded Pub and Restaurant (Live In Available): As a result of the development of this new exciting offer our client has a vacancy for a high calibre General Manager. The role involves running one of their busy branded foodled sites that includes a restaurant and bar. The site attracts a wide customer base and our client requires a proven General Manager that can drive sales and standards across all areas of the business (pub and restaurant). In particular you will need to have managed a fast paced with a high number of food covers ensuring that you are able to maximise sales at peak times. As well as volume management , you will also need to demonstrate great margin controls. This particular brand is highly regarded throughout the sector and is synonymous with quality and service. Due to the nature of this particular business the successful applicant will have substantial experience of: Running a combination site (restaurant, pub). Excellent training and development skills are essential in coordinating the efforts of a large team. Dominating the local market. Being proactive rather than reactive to guest needs, dealing with guest comments as an opportunity not a process  acting as a host to the business. The successful candidate will drive this through: Being the first and last impression of the business. Living the values. Having a strategy to deliver the vision. Lead and inspire the management team. Lead and inspire the team. Lead by example. Drive excellence through quality. Develop a guest focused team to their full potential. Drive volume through opportunity. Drive sales and maximise profit. You will need to be able to manage and develop a large team and coordinate **** distinct aspects of the business ensuring the site operates efficiently and to the high standards that our client demands. In return you will be working for a company that really does value their employees and is committed to career development. Paying more than an attractive basic salary with great bonus potential, this is an excellent opportunity for an ambitious proven General Manager. Key Attributes  General Manager  Branded Pub and Restaurant (Live In Available): Our client will be interested to see applications with the following attributes: Managed a business comprising of total guest experience across a volume basis. Had refurbishment and openings experience. A manager with senior experience across pubs and restaurants (one of these facets by itself is not enough). A management couple who fulfill the above criteria (one being salaried, the other being paid hourly). It is envisaged as a requirement the successful applicant will have previous management experience in running a food and drink combination site. NOTE  it is essential that you have a full driving license and have your own transport in order to be considered for this role. Detail****Leisure is a division of Detail **** Group Limited and acts as an employment agency. We are the chosen recruitment partner for many of the UK's leading hospitality leisure companies. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GENERALMANAGERBRANDEDPUBANDRESTAURANTLIVEINAVAILABLE_job****