Title: General Manager  Italian Restaurant  SE London
Webindex: 69731893
Company: Berkeley Scott
Description: A successful and highly authentic Italian restaurant is looking for an outstanding General Manager for their vibrant South East London branch. This small restaurant group has gained rave reviews and looks likely to open more units in future. It has become particularly wellknown in the surrounding areas for serving the highest quality, fresh, authentic Italian food. In this role as General Manager of the restaurant, you will be given a great deal of autonomy to utilise your own management style and creative flair. You will be responsible for the whole operation, including all financial areas of the business, with a great deal of freedom to add real value to the operation. You will be responsible for forecasting against set budgets, control of stock and labour margins, all recruitment, training and development of a team of around **** to ensure that service standards and product quality are consistently high. Leading from the front you will inspire and motivate your team, create and drive marketing campaigns and build bridges with the local community. You will need to have experience managing a food led business, coming ideally from an independent or quality branded restaurant, with a proven track record with fresh food service. As a proven manager you will need to have managed teams in excess of **** staff and have operational experience of managing all financial aspects of the business. The starting salary for this position is up to ****k coupled with an achievable and generous bonus structure. If you are a hardworking, energetic, handson and customer focused individual with a history in restaurant management, please apply. Individuals with previous managerial experience in Italian restaurants would be of high interest. In addition, living in the South East London area would of course be a huge advantage. If this seems like the right career move for you, please send your CV (in Word Document format) to Jonathan.Kirbyberkeleyscott.co.uk Please note that due to the large volume of interest in this role, we cannot reply to unsuccessful applications.Berkeley Scott is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GeneralManagerItalianRestaurantSELondon_job****