Title: General Manager Amusements Leeds ****
Webindex: 68234310
Company: Berkeley Scott
Description: GENERAL MANAGER  MULTIFUNCTIONAL AMUSEMENT OPERATION LOCATION: LEEDS SALARY: UP TO **** PLUS BONUS, BENEFITS, PENSION, HEALTHCARE, DISCOUNTS etc My client is a leading national leisure venue, with multi facilitated venues and excellent progression opportunities. This particular site is going through a recruitment drive and recruiting a new team, including the General Manager for their West Yorkshire venue. Role: General Manager to be responsible for the site, Managing a team of Assistant Managers and reporting to the Area General Manager. Making sure customers have an enjoyable visit to the site which incorporates several bars operations, fast food grill operation and leisure and gaming facilities. Duties Ensure open and close of centre is carried out in accordance with the company standards. Read, action and review all company post / emails / communications on a daily basis. Brief all staff in preparation for the beginning of their shift. Ensure that front of house operations are running effectively and efficiently, including regular supervision of staff, and monitoring of machines and equipment. Regularly monitor minimum and maximum bar and grill stock levels. Make sure that back office activities are carried out effectively and in a timely manner. Deal with Head Office calls and queries, banking, petty cash and token logs when required. Ensure that deliveries and orders are made, received and logged in a timely fashion. Complete incident reports on the same shift that any incident occurs and forward to relevant person. Conduct mystery shopper surveys, present results to centre management and action findings. Ensure all centre displays, advertising and promotions are presentable and current. In conjunction with the Company Safety, Health and Environment Manager ensure all relevant Health and Safety risk assessments are undertaken in a timely fashion. Oversee management, storage and collection of all centre waste. Ensure back office paperwork is archived following quarterly audits. Carry out regular audit paperwork checks in preparation for all Company audits. Coordinate and monitor bookings and payments on a regular basis. Requirements: Management experience essential, Ideally **** year's management experience in a customer service environment A background in any of the following: Leisure or bowling centre management; cinema management, casino management; bingo operations or basically any type of operation that has a multifunctional facilities under one roof as we are looking for someone who can manage the gaming, food and beverage and bars sides of the business as well as managing technicians who are involved in maintaining the equipment Personal License Qualification GCSE C or above in English and Maths Leisure industry experience Good financial understanding Strong understanding of managing Health and Safety procedures Rota including evenings and weekends (not every weekend)  flexibility on hours Salary: Up to **** depending on experience and skills Benefits: Bonus, Pension, AA cover, Uniform, Health Cover, Death in Service Benefit, Staff discounts Berkeley Scott is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GeneralManagerAmusementsLeeds****_job****