Title: Assistant Chef Manager
Webindex: 68234590
Company: Innovate Services Ltd
Description: Assistant Chef Manager Be part of a change in school catering At Innovate we began a revolution in school and College catering. We believe that education catering has been trapped in a time warp for far too long. It hasn't worked for pupils, staff, local authorities or caterers. Innovate Services is rapidly expanding company who rip out the old canteens and create a modern, trendy coffee shop environment serving freshly made, healthy food and drinks. We are now looking for a motivated, enthusiastic and hardworking Assistant Manager to join the company to assist the chef manager in leading the catering team Assistant Chef Manager (reference: Weydon Assistant Manager) **** per annum Salary is paid over **** equal monthly payment Benefits include Bonus, Private Medical Insurance, Death in service Insurance 7am4.30pm Monday to Friday (45 hours per week/44 weeks per year) Position based at Weydon School Weydon Lane Farnham, Surrey GU**** ****UG Are you fed up of working for the usual contract caterers? Then this may be the new and exciting challenge you've been waiting for. You will successfully assist the manager in running the complete function of a professional catering unit. You will deputise in the absence of the manager and will assist the manager in increasing the sales within the unit, planning and producing the food, control wastage, and ensure high standards in food presentation and unit cleanliness; you will learn from the manager how to monitor and control staffing costs, order and check stock weekly. There will be hospitality catering as well as the daily main meals that need to be cooked which will be part of your daily duties. You must have experience of working in a fast moving, customer facing, catering environment, with food preparation cooking experience. You must be used to supervising a team of people, working under pressure and only accept perfection from yourself and the rest of the team. You will be used to expecting and obtaining high food quality and presentation standards. This is a very busy and challenging role requiring 100% commitment. If you enjoy a challenge, are highly organised, have excellent communication skills (written and spoken English), and are committed to undertake all training provided, then this is the position and company for you. Please email your recent CV and Cover letter by clicking the APPLY button below stating reference Weydon Assistant Manager This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantChefManager_job****