Title: Head / Executive Chef
Webindex: 71847761
Company: Recruit Online UK Limited
Description: HEAD/EXECUTIVE CHEF – CENTRAL LONDON Salary to **** per annum, plus bonus Highly successful Restaurant and Catering chain requires an experienced Head/Executive Chef. You will need to be passionate about good food and be able to offer excellent service. This restaurant and Cafe/Deli has a well established clientele that will return again and again and has the potential to pick up regular tourist trade. The food is of high quality but is broad and relaxed, as is the atmosphere. The Restaurant and Cafe/Deli focuses on tasty dishes made with fresh produce and a relaxed dining atmosphere. The Head/ExecutiveChef will also ensure that all menus, food preparations, and presentations meet restaurant's specifications and commitment to quality. Duties and Responsibilities Supervision of all kitchen staff Recruitment and training of kitchen staff Plans the menus Supervises inventory and stock control Deals with the suppliers Maintains the budgetary targets Ensures that health and safety standards are maintained in the kitchen Reviews the daily roster of the different tasks in the kitchen Distributes kitchens tasks to the employees Skills and Specifications for Head/Executive Chef  Must have a passion and love for food  Excellent communication skills both written and oral  Public relations skills Excellent management and organizational skills  Works well under pressure and good attention to detail  Ensure that all stations remain stocked before and during the meal period.  Verifies that kitchen staff follows all recipes and portions servings correctly.  Keeps kitchen, dish, and storage areas clean and organized.  Places food and supply orders as directed.  Receives product b y verifying invoice and freshness of merchandise.  Hires and trains employees to company standards.  Sets excellent customer service and work examples.  Actively participates as a member of the management team.  Manages staffing levels throughout shift.  Oversees kitchen labour and food cost to budgetary requirements. Qualifications Knowledge Requirements for Head/Executive Chef  A degree or college diploma in food and beverage management and/or hotel  A minimum of 5 years working in a food preparation position.  Professional communication skills, oral and written.  Actively supervise, motivate and discipline employees.  Assist with hiring and training of all new employees.  Ability to work in a highenergy and demanding environment.  Organization and leadership skills.  Demonstrate strong leadership skills and is a team player.  Work well under pressure.  Can effectively solve problems.  A minimum of two years working in management. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadExecutiveChef_job****