Title: Kitchen Porter  De Vere Venues Ltd ?? Whites
Webindex: 71674672
Company: I Resourcer
Description: Kitchen Porter  De Vere Venues Ltd – Whites Whites is an ultramodern venue fully integrated into the Reebok Stadium, home of Bolton Wanderers FC. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Kitchen Porter who will be responsible for ensuring that the food and equipment in the kitchen is always clean and in the right place. Responsibilities of Kitchen Porter:  Required to unload and store food  Clean kitchen surfaces and equipment,  Collect and dispose waste  Support the kitchen team Benefits included for a Kitchen Porter:  28 days holidays including bank holidays  Life Assurance  Family Friends discounts across the Group  Stakeholders Pension Scheme  Meals on duty  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. You will be working in a busy environment which requires a consistency in customer service, flexibility and being able to work well under pressure. Experience in a similar role is beneficial but not necessary. If you have a keen interest in food this is a great opportunity to start your career towards being a chef. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Kitchen Porter apply now by forwarding your current CV to Kate Murray together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space – a forward thinking business with personality creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Whites can host up to **** people within extensive, state of the art conference facilities. The venue also offers **** ensuite bedrooms, spa and leisure facilities. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/KitchenPorterDeVereVenuesLtdWhites_job****