Title: Restaurant Deputy Manager  Restaurant  Shrewsbury
Webindex: 69248924
Company: Pizza Hut
Description: Position Description As a Deputy Manager at Pizza Hut, you're in a great place to develop your catering career. Why? Well, firstly, we really believe in promoting from within. And secondly, we give our Managers all the support, tools and encouragement they need to develop their team, themselves  and the restaurant they're helping to run. Despite the recession, we're investing in our brand and our people here at Pizza Hut. So if you've got the drive, you can go far with us. The Deputy Manager role Second in command to your Restaurant General Manager, you'll be vital to the success of the business. You'll lead by example, helping to train and inspire your team to give a warm Pizza Hut welcome to each and every customer. In the process, you'll help drive up standards of service  and sales. You'll also learn a huge amount as you get involved in everything from HR to business forecasting. From helping to recruit brilliant new people, to planning (and marketing for) peak demand times like the school holidays, you'll do a great job. Required Experience The skills you'll need as a Deputy Manager Whether you're a Deputy Manager, or becoming a Deputy Manager is the next step in developing your career as a Restaurant, Catering or Hospitality Manager, Pizza Hut is the place for you. To join us as a Deputy Manager in one of our restaurants, you'll need to have run shifts  or been a supervisor before. You'll also need to have delivered great service to clients facetoface and be used to handling cash. Above all, you're brilliant with people. You can inspire your team  and make sure your customers leave your restaurant with a smile on their face. Wwe do require candidates to hold a full UK drivers/Motorcycle licence for this role. Salary & Benefits Wouldn't it be great to work as a Deputy Manager in a company that wants to grow? A place that believes in you, and your talents  and wants to invest in them. A place where the culture is to listen to everyone's ideas, and to promote and nurture talent from within? Welcome to Pizza Hut. Join us, and we'll give you the tools you need to develop your restaurant  and your career. We'll listen to your innovative ideas (Hut Space is your online hotline straight to senior management). And we'll reward your success with promotion and generous benefits. As well as a competitive salary, successful applicants can expect a wide range of benefits in return, including a bonus, pension scheme, 28 days' holiday  to name just a few. Site Description Shrewsbury