Title: Assistant Manager  new classic pub restaurant near Wilmslow
Webindex: 68512664
Company: Brunning and Price
Description: THE BULLS HEAD – NEW PUB RESTAURANT Mottram St Andrew, Wilmslow, SK**** ****QH Assistant Manager The Bulls Head (presently Osteria Mauro) will, come the New Year, be the latest addition to the Brunning and Price family of classic pub restaurants, which includes, amongst others, The Wharf in Castlefield, Little Manor in Thelwall and Sutton Hall in Macclesfield. We’re proud to be recognised by the Good Pub Guide as Pub Group Of The Year ****13 and we plan to continue our recipe for success at the Bulls Head. We’re planning an extensive refurbishment to take the building back to a classic country pub and upon completion you’ll find cosy dining areas and alcoves with open fires, bookcases and lots of old wood furniture leading into a light and airy garden room. We’re also planning to build a large raised deck at first floor level as well as a sunny terrace to provide an outside drinking and eating area for when the weather is fine. The bar will be at the heart of the building with six cask ales on tap, a back shelf crammed with Malts and an extensive wine list. Our menus will have a spine of freshly prepared, classic British dishes, complemented by more exotic influences from other parts of the world – in other words, modern British cookery. We plan to reopen in Spring 2013 and we’re looking for an experienced Assistant Manager to join the management crew sooner rather than later. As an Assistant Manager you are a key member of the pub management team and will be expected to support the manager and deputy in many aspects of the day to day running of the pub. Helping to run a Brunning and Price pub is a multifacetted career: you’ll need to be a real foodie; have a real passion for decent beer and wine; enjoy looking after others and help build and direct a happy crew. The role will therefore be very handson and extremely varied encompassing people management, food and drink, customer service, pub maintenance and day to day financial administration. It sounds like a tall order, but in truth we are able to offer a lot of support, and at the end of the day the most important quality we look for in all our people is strength of personality. We like fun characters who set the bar high and have an eye for detail – our pubs have been awarded ‘County Dining Pub of the Year’ on over **** occasions by the Good Pub Guide, and hopefully before long the Bulls Head will be up there amongst them. Being an Assistant Manager is an ideal opportunity to gain knowledge and experience of every aspect of pub life. We see our assistant managers as the first step on the pub management career ladder and we always try to promote from within when we can. We’ll reward you with a salary package around ****K to 20K and you’ll be part of a successful, growing company who have been awarded Pub Group of the Year on five occasions. To explore the possibilities of joining our crew, email your CV and covering letter telling us a bit about yourself and what makes you tick to janbrunningandprice.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagernewclassicpubrestaurantnearWilmslow_job****