Title: Chef de partie / Breakfast chef / Demi cdp  SUMMER 2013 CONTRACT
Webindex: 66552607
Company: HTE Recruitment
Description: Demi Chef de partie , Breakfast chef Chef de partie (various sections)  Summer seasonal chef positions in the Channel Islands (march to end october 2013). LIVE IN. Why not spend the summer in the Channel islands, the weather is often better, its a different way of life then the uk mainland and you do not pay vat on good or NI. We are currently recruiting for a fresh food hotel in the Channel islands and we are looking for chefs of all levels fromcommis chef to demi chef and chef de partie. The chef roles for the 2013 summer contract at this hotel: Demi Chef de partie (sauce) Pastry Demi Chef de partie Demi Chef de partie (larder) Chef de partie (sauce) Chef de partie (larder) Pastry Chef de partie Breakfast Chef We are looking for 7 chefs, for the above roles  we should have something in a section you enjoy. Contract March 2013 end of October 2013 Bonus is paid on completion of the summer contract. Experience: We are looking for chefs with previous experience as a chef, depending on the position if the experience is commis chef, demi cdp, chef de partie or pastry chef. Channel islands: The channel islands are made up of **** different islands, they are part of the crown but not part of the UK for tax. The way of life is totally different and many chefs go over every year to the channel islands for the summer. With low cost flights with Flybe and Easyjet from major uk airports its easy to get to. If you fancy a summer contract but not in the channel islands, no problem we work in Cornwall, Cotswolds, Scottish Highlands and the Lake District as well Next Step for our chef candidates: NEW YEAR / NEW START  ARE YOU IN THE RIGHT JOB – WE CAN HELP YOU FIND YOUR NEXT CHEF JOB. Over the past 7 years H t E Recruitment have been recruiting across the UK for leading Hotels and Restaurants, including Rosette restaurants. If this role is not suitable, still contact the team who are here to help you – our current chef roles include Demi Chef de Partie , Chef de Partie , Pastry Chef , Sous Chef and Head Chef in loads of locations across the UK. HtE Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ChefdepartieBreakfastchefDemicdpSUMMER2013CONTRACT_job****