Title: General Manager, Berkshire, New Opening
Webindex: 71148815
Company: Appetite4Recruitment   High End Restaurants, Pubs Bars
Description: General Manager  Berkshire NEW OPENING  2013 I am looking for a quality led general manager for a rapidly growing restaurant chain in the Berkshire area. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a unique and quality brand. The decor of the sites is modern and chic coupled with a relaxed and modern fresh food offer. The brand offers a fantastic atmosphere to any dining occasion with family or friends. As general manager you will be responsible for the overall operation, including the following: coordinating the entire operation of the restaurant during scheduled shifts; managing staff and providing them with feedback; responding to customer complaints; meeting and greeting customers and organising table reservations; advising customers on menu and wine choice; recruiting, training and motivating staff; As well as the full day to day running you will be responsible for the housekeeping of the site, including: Organising and supervising the shifts of kitchen, waiting and cleaning staff. maintaining high standards of quality control, hygiene, and health and safety; checking stock levels and ordering supplies; preparing cash drawers and taking full P&L responsibility Helping in any area of the restaurant when circumstances dictate. The ideal candidate will be from a similar quality operation. As general manager you will have full autonomy of the business, from liaising with the chef to overseeing the full front of house operation. You will have a hands on approach and be very front of house focused. With this being a new site there will be a new team in place, therefore you will have great leadership, training and motivational skills. The right general manager will be passionate about good food and good wine. You will strive to maintain and exceed customer expectations at all time. This is a great opportunity to join a quality operation and company. To apply for this position please send an up to date copy of your CV in a word document.