Title: Food and Beverage Service Assistant  Wokefield
Webindex: 71954762
Company: De Vere Venues
Description: Food and Beverage Service Assistant Wokefield Park is a unique venue set in the rural Berkshire countryside. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Food and Beverage Service Assistant who will be required to ensure all guests expectations are met during their restaurant experience. Responsibilities of Food and Beverage Service Assistant:  Provide and excellent standard of hospitality  Communicate with the chefs and other team members to ensure all service standards are met and exceeded.  Have in depth knowledge of menu offerings Benefits included for a Food and Beverage Service Assistant:  28 days holidays including bank holidays  Life Assurance  Family Friends discounts across the Group  Stakeholders Pension Scheme  Meals on duty  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. You will be working in a busy environment which requires a consistency in customer service, flexibility and being able to work well under pressure. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Food and Beverage Service Assistant apply now by forwarding your current CV to James Gardiner together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space – a forward thinking business with personality creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Wokefield Parkoffers two totally different centres in both style and feel: the spacious, ultramodern, purposebuilt Executive Centre and the traditional Mansion House. The venue offers **** meeting rooms and **** ensuite bedrooms. Also available, a championship golf course, indoor pool, mini gym and spa. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/FoodandBeverageServiceAssistantWokefield_job****