Title: Duty Manager  Cumbria  **** AA Rosettes
Webindex: 70487078
Company: Taste Hospitality Recruitment Ltd
Description: Duty Manager  Cumbria  **** AA Rosettes  Duty Manager required in Cumbria for this stunning country house hotel which overlooks stunning Lakeland. The hotel has won an abundance of awards, therefore this is an excellent opportunity for a passionate and enthusiastic Duty Manager to receive in depth training in the running of a high level hotel gaining knowledge across all departments. Your role as Duty Manager will be to oversee the restaurant, front of house, reception, housekeeping, finance and maintenance. It is an all round management role offering a unique opportunity. As Duty manager you will have a welcoming and friendly manor, have an eye for detail and be extremely guest and customer focussed to ensure each visitor enjoys their stay and will want to return time and time again. You will have worked within a high level establishment in either a Supervisory or Management role within a department and will be looking at extending your knowledge and skills further. As Duty Manager your duties will involve working closely with the General Manager to ensure consistency is maintained throughout the hotel and ensuring this is carried out in all departments of the hotel. You will train and motivate junior members of staff and be responsible for the hotel when required. As the Duty Manager you will be very standards driven with a professional and friendly manner. You will be highly organised and be able to think on your feet and deal with any situations that arise in an efficient and professional manner. The hotel offers a haven of peace and tranquillity with a service which makes all guests feel special. The hotel has a ****AA Rosette Awarded Restaurant serving **** covers and is also popular with weddings. This position offers excellent working conditions within a luxurious environment and a friendly team along with lots of opportunity to progress further in your career.