Title: Cook  National Trust Stowe
Webindex: 72148444
Company: National Trust
Description: About the role Nothing beats the buzz of working in a lively, closeknit kitchen with talented, committed people. It’s how great culinary things happen. Having high quality locally sourced ingredients certainly helps too. Here at Stowe, you’ll have great produce at your fingertips, from fresh herbs to locallyreared beef. Making the most of this wonderful bounty, you’ll work alongside our Head Chef to create deliciously tasting and beautifully presented homemade food. In many ways, you’ll inspire our customers, so it’s only right we do the same for you. We’ll help you to be the best you can be. Want to be a chef? We’ll help make it happen, with training, support and development. The only things we don’t serve up here are split shifts, so you’ll be able to enjoy an altogether better worklife balance. We believe that people deserve more than just ‘good service’ but an amazing experience they’ll never forget. It’s about believing in what you do, sharing not telling, inspiring others to feel as passionate as you and creating lasting memories. This role will include some weekend and Bank Holiday working within a rota pattern. Occasional evening work may be required to support events and functions. About you It’s fair to say that you love good food and great service as much as we do. You’ll already have some cooking/catering experience behind you, plus a catering qualification and a Level 2 Food Hygiene Certificate. You’ll enjoy working as part of a lively kitchen, making the most of the available produce to delight our customers’ tastebuds. Due to the rural location of the property and minimal transport links, access to your own transport is required. Incredibly rewarding From amazing places to helpful colleagues to great benefits, we want work to be a pleasure. As well as giving you free admission to all our incredible places (that’s you and your family), you’ll enjoy a helpful 20% off at our shops, cafes and restaurants, 25 days’ holiday (pro rata for parttime), pension scheme and flexible working. There’s also MY Discounts, a brilliant scheme that gives you exclusive discounts with hundreds of retailers and big brands. But they’re just the benefits we can tell you about here. About us We love great food here at the National Trust. You’ll see it in the produce we grow. In the fresh, local, seasonal ingredients we use. In the smiles on our face – not to mention the special places we work in, places like Stowe. Apply Treat yourself to a better job. To apply, please visit nationaltrustjobs.org.uk and search using reference IRC****