Title: Retail Manager  Portsmouth
Webindex: 71528084
Company: Appetite4Recruitment   High End Restaurants, Pubs & Bars
Description: Retail Manager  Portsmouth  ****  BONUS Appetite **** Recruitment are thrilled to be working with one of the most fantastic retail catering operators in the UK today. An internationally renowned brand, they employ only the best people in the industry, and directly relate their people to the undisputable success of the company. They have one of the best internal development and training schemes in the industry. I am currently recruiting for an assistant retail manager for their site in Portsmouth. Ideally located for maximum footfall and already an extremely successful business, we are looking for a wellrounded and dynamic assistant manager to join the team and continue to drive its success. Your responsibilities will include but not be restricted to: P L Responsibility  a good understanding of incoming and outgoing monies and how to control them to maximise profit; Positive People Management  looking after a large team of lively individuals, leading, inspiring and motivating them to deliver their best in all situations; Proactive Marketing of your business to the local area to grow revenue streams and maximise profit; Food Hygiene / Health Safety  maintaining the store in line with legal and company standards. In order to be considered for this role, applicants must: Currently be a supervisor or assistant manager in a reasonable volume, BRANDED hospitality business, and have held this position for no less than 12 months. Have relevant people management experience, and be able to demonstrate your proactive and positive approach to working with people. Be a vivacious and dynamic manager, experienced in successful local marketing strategies. Have an basic understanding of P L. The successful applicant can look forward to a basic starting salary of up to **** per annum depending on experience with the added benefit of a great bonus. Internal training and development are of utmost importance to the business, and you can look to fast track your career. If you would be interested in being considered for this role, please apply now by sending in an up to date copy of your CV in a word document. Not quite what you are after? Please visit our website for all of our current vacancies  www.appetite****recruitment.co.uk or call me, Kerry Crick for a chat in complete confidence This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/RetailManagerPortsmouth_job****