Title: Conference & Events Coordinator  De Vere Venues Ltd ?? Harben House
Webindex: 68837125
Company: i resourcer
Description: Conference Events Coordinator  De Vere Venues Ltd – Harben House Harben House is a modern purpose built venue ideally situated only 5 minutes from Milton Keynes. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Conference Events Coordinator working **** hours per week, who will actively convert event enquiries into confirmed sales, develop future and repeat business and contribute to the profitability to the company. Responsibilities of Conference Events Coordinator:  Proactively identify customer needs and provide solutions to match them  Effectively communicate with clients throughout the booking process  Ensure full understanding and management of client requirements and identification of further opportunities  Assist in Wedding administration Benefits included for a Conference Events Coordinator:  25 days holidays plus bank holidays  Private Medical Insurance Scheme  Contributory Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. You will be working in a busy environment which requires a consistency in customer service, flexibility and being able to work well under pressure. You must have experience in Events, ideally in a Hotel/Conference environment. You may be required to work some weekends to ensure the smooth running of events. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Conference Events Coordinator apply now by forwarding your current CV to Lesley Ward together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space – a forward thinking business with personality creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Harben House boasts a modern exterior which hides a welcoming venue with **** meeting rooms and **** new stylish design bedrooms. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ConferenceEventsCoordinatorDeVereVenuesLtdHarbenHouse_job****