Title: Head of Catering
Webindex: 72670472
Company: Berkeley Scott Contract Catering Facilities Management
Description: My client is a well known group in the UK. They have a mixture of in house and external contracts for the catering facilities throughout their sites. This role is to be Head of Catering for four sites. A newly created position and exciting opportunity The role To ensure the optimal effectiveness of the catering activities at the sites, in terms of member/visitor satisfaction and financial contribution by upholding the high standards expected, managing and motivating the catering operators through commercial contracts and the inhouse teams through direct management. To act as catering advisor to exhibitions and shows Regions: Catering activities across UK sites. All and any new catering outlets that open within the grounds of each or other facilities. Manage the performance of two contractors through current contractual agreements. Manage the inhouse teams to deliver catering that falls in line with expectations for quality and value for money whilst protecting the profitability and returns to the business. To act in an advisory capacity Catering venues include: Site 1: A high quality serviced restaurant, a highvolume, highquality selfservice restaurant, two coffee shops and a selfservice Cafe , and staff restaurant. Currently operated by a 3rd party. Site ****: Selfservice/semiserviced restaurant and cafe operation within the visitor building Managed in house. Site 3: Selfservice restaurant and tea room. Managed in house. Site ****: Selfservice cafe /tea shop and serviced restaurant Currently operated by a 3rd party. Accountable for the financial contribution of catering, which is in the region of 1m per annum Duties: In addition to regular informal contact, to hold regular minuted meetings with contractors (monthly as a minimum) and onsite representatives, to agree programmes of activity, review performance (qualitative and financial) and progress with initiatives. Covering all aspects of the services and their operation, enforcing service level agreements to ensure: . Compliance with contractual specifications . The maintenance of appropriate standards to enhance the brand . The implementation of procedures to ensure safe, wholesome food and compliance with all appropriate Legislation/Regulations. . Ensure that the sites complies with its responsibilities under all relevant Legislation/Regulations and contractual commitments. . Advise on the role and effectiveness of the contractors . Steps to improve their performance if it is not satisfactory; the setting of annual budgets The catering aspects of new developments; the renegotiation and/or retendering of catering contracts or inhouse management of services. Report the financial and operational performance of the contractors and in house operations to the Commercial Board and Leadership Team and propose any action that might be necessary. Requirements Passion about food Catering experience within large multi site visitor attraction or historic buildings Experience of managing large teams across diverse departmentsBerkeley Scott is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.