Title: STORE MANAGERS / SHOP MANAGERS
Webindex: 69217848
Company: Fixed Recruitment Ltd
Description: STORE MANAGERS / SHOP MANAGERS WANTED Our client is currently recruiting for Store Manager / Shop Managers at the following locations in London: Addlestone, Southall, Croydon, Southfields, New Malden, Walworth Road, Enfield, and Plaistow. THE JOB  As a Store Manager you will strive to get the best from your team and your store.  Leading by example, the successful Store Manager will ensure that all of the team provide the highest level of customer care at all times.  As Store Manager you will be passionate about the brand and great food, and will ensure your team are too  For every shop manager 'People Matter therefore you will inspire your team to be successful through great leadership, motivation and development.  Showing a good financial understanding the Store Manager will maximise sales and control costs THE PLACE Our client is the home of fresh baking, is the leading bakery retailer in the UK. Expert bakers for the last 70 years, they serve delicious, freshly baked, quality food at great value prices to a million customers each day, in over **** shops around the UK. Our client cares about being a great place to work and looking after all members of their family.' Our clients goal is to make sure every individual feels valued, looked after and well rewarded for their contribution. THE SUCCESSFUL APPLICANT You'll find this is management at its most practical  you'll need to roll your sleeves up, get involved in food preparation and make sure the shop is clean, hygienic and welcoming. It's also about inspiring the team around you; ensuring they're happy, motivated, welltrained, working side by side with your team to make,bake and serve the most delicious sandwiches, savouries and snacks around. We are looking for confident, motivated and experienced managers to lead our teams. You will be passionate about delivering the highest levels of customer service, will be quality driven, and have a minimum of three years supervisory or management experience within the F&B/ Retail or Catering Industry. Apply Today Below for the chance of an early interview