Title: Assistant Bar Manager
Webindex: 67380058
Company: Firmdale
Description: Job Title: Assistant Bar Manager – The Soho Hotel Employer Type: Hotel Annual Salary: ******** per annum  Service Charge Salary Description: Excellent Package Location: London About the Bar Manager Job We are currently recruiting for an Assistant Bar Manager to join our busy and highly successful team bar team in Refuel at the Soho Hotel.This position offers a rare opportunity to join a market leading hotel group best known for its exceptional standards, stylish interiors and inspirational approach to guest service. You will thrive on the challenge of always exceeding the guests expectations and be a proactive individual constantly striving for excellence. To be successful in this role you will need to be friendly, attentive and passionate about the customer service experience. In addition to a good understanding of mixology, wines and spirits you will know and understand what it means to deliver a 5 star F B service and will thrive on the challenge of always exceeding the guests expectations. Assisting the Head of Department you will be expected to achieve a level of service that is second to none through the constant monitoring of our established and bespoke service standards. You need to be ambitious and flexible to adapt to a variety of scenario’s and situations and possess strong people management and motivational skills. In return we can offer you the opportunity to progress your career with an award winning employer. To be successful in your application for the position of Assistant Bar Manager, you must possess the following: Essential Previous experience as a Manager or Assistant Manager in a bar environment A proven track record and background in **** and 5 properties, or within a high profile destination bar Good written and spoken English as the position requires high levels of correspondence A personal preference to be on the floor and hands on rather than behind a desk The ability to run a shift unsupervised Excellent personal presentation Excellent personal organisation and drive to get things right first time An understanding of how to motivate and inspire staff Superb attention to detail The right to work in the United Kingdom Desirable Experience in a very high standard cocktail bar Bar Manager Hours: As required Company Info Firmdale Hotels is an award winning hotel group. We have won the Queens Award for Excellence three times and the Soho Hotel has won The Cateys Award for Hotel of the Year. Quality is what we are all about at Firmdale and that’s from our individually designed bedrooms containing original pieces of artwork to the Egyptian cotton linen used in the restaurant. We believe that the customer truly comes first and that if we get the minor detail right then everything else will follow. Our culture suits down to earth, genuinely friendly, ambitious and hardworking people. If you want to be noticed and recognized for your individual contribution then this is the company for you. As a result of our success we are a rapidly expanding group and therefore are able to offer excellent career progression along with individually tailor made career development plans. The behaviours we value at Firmdale are;  Positive can do attitude, Enthusiastic and passionate, Consistently professional, Friendly and Attentive, Interested and Driven and Genuine/Loyal/Honest The behaviours our managers will demonstrate are;  Genuine care for their people, Customer focused, Involve people and Empower, Show consistent appreciation, Show real trust, Listen and Act, Give clear expectations, Encourage teamwork, Driven/Passionate and Ensure work is fun Benefits for working for Firmdale;  Extensive training and development opportunities, Career planning and progression.  Competitive salaries  Free Dry Cleaning for uniforms and discounted dry cleaning for employees personal items  Meals on duty  Incremental Holiday starting at **** and going up a day each year to 25 days.  Experience Vouchers (which are redeemable during your employment) Incentive Schemes;  Departmental Incentive Schemes  Recruitment Incentive Scheme  Employee of the month/year awards This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantBarManager_job****