Title: Assistant Manager  Leamington Spa
Webindex: 69250981
Company: Metro Professionals
Description: Working at a Metro Professionals pub If individuality is what you value most, this eclectic mix of cool urban pubs is a great place for you to build your food and drink skills. Distinctive pubs that locals call home Do you think a pub s personality should reflect the people that use it? We think so. Each pub is unique from the Garden Gate near Hampstead Heath which runs Pup Idol every summer, to the White Horse in Parson's Green, famous for its cask ales, huge range of everchanging draught beers and amazing American Beer Festival. A collection of pubs with an independent feel where professionals can enjoy great fresh food and one of the best drinks range in the country. You ll be encouraged to think on your feet and make your pub perfect for its local community. Welcome to Metro Professionals White Horse, Leamington Spa Metro Professionals White Horse is special because it is one of the oldest and busiest pubs in Leamington Spa. We cater for all spectrums of clientele from family groups, students and corporate hospitality. We have 5 years of continuing sales growth with a forefront focus on food. We are looking for an Assistant Manager with exacting standards looking to drive the food sales and quality in this House Of Excellence site. The successful candidate will have demonstrated a strong ability to drive sales through efficiency and quality, whilst also developing the existing team. The applicant must be highly motivated and passionate about the offer with experience of building sales and developing people whilst maximising margins and safety The fact is, Metro Professionals pubs are designed to reflect the customers who use them and our pub in Leamington Spa is no exception. It s distinctive, different, a little quirky even. So if you re an individual yourself, as Assistant Manager you ll fit in perfectly. Without losing your individuality of course What you ll do in this role As Assistant Manager, of course, the buck (almost) stops with you. You ll be on your feet all day and rushed off them too making sure front and back of house are working together like a welloiled machine. And as Assistant Manager you ll have the chance to take a real step up on the career ladder towards a really rewarding career with us. You ll be ensuring that standards of food and service are consistently excellent You ll be responsible for training and inspiring a large team First and last impressions count and it ll be your job to ensure that customers leave with the right one You ll be taking your first step on a management career ladder that s limited only by your ambition You ll be joining our awardwinning Assistant Manager Programme What will make you perfect for the job? Ideally six months experience in a high volume pub, bar or restaurant A handson approach so you can really lead by example You ll be a real people person and great at customer service A passion for great food and drink The ambition to be a great manager of the future What we offer Contributory pension scheme Assistant Manager Bonus Scheme Earn up to **** per annum Private healthcare Structured training programme 25 days holiday If you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places apply now