Title: Restaurant & Bar Manager  BW
Webindex: 69639025
Company: K.B.C. Associates Limited
Description: JOB DESCRIPTION Job Title: Restaurant s food service standards are adhered to. To review, evaluate, plan and take action so that the department achieves its targets. To give both internal and external customers, quality service. MAIN DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES • Have a full operational knowledge of all food items, dishes, wines and other beverages served in the restaurant. • Check that sufficient table linen, food and sundry items have been requisitioned for service periods and that buffer stocks are maintained. • Allocate jobs and stations , monitoring the completion of tasks  before, during and following service periods. • Ensure the restaurant is cleaned and fully prepared ready for service  checking table layouts, sideboards, buffets, special displays etc. • Check buffet food levels are maintained during service, according to customer demand. • Greet, seat, take orders, assist guests with food and wine selection. Check customer satisfaction during service. • Liaise with the kitchen, for menu content, special customer requests, queries and complaints/compliments. Promote the menu and special offers . • Ensure all postservice tasks are completed (e.g. unused foods/dishes/drinks are returned to kitchen, bar or cellar). • Assist with planning and organising of special functions/seasonal events/projects. • Complete required administrative functions (e.g. customer bills, reports, time sheets) and assist with annual budget preparation. • Ensure effective security of keys and property  company, guest and personal. Deal with lost property. Challenge and report any person acting suspiciously. • Display and encourage a high level of personal hygiene, customer care courtesy and social skill. Assist guests and promote the hotel s other facilities and services. • Maximise revenue, up selling and profitability. • Deal with customer complaints/compliments and authorise compensatory allowances within agreed function limits. • Work in cooperation with the departments, especially kitchen and reception services. Develop and maintain effective working relations with colleagues both in restaurant and in other departments. Attend, support, organise and implement hotel and departmental training sessions as appropriate. • Encourage safe working procedures and carry out required risk assessments. Work safely, conforming to statutory and company health and safety regulations, especially fire precautions, manual handling, disabled persons, and reporting of accidents. Comply with other related regulations (e.g. food hygiene and licensing laws). Report all defective equipment and hazards to the appropriate department. Staff Management • Be involved with the Human Resources Manager in the recruitment of staff for the Restaurant department. • Ensure that every member of the Restaurant department receives the required training to fulfil all legislative and company requirements and to develop the skills and capability required in their job and that training is recorded. • Actively encourage and manage the development of the staff through appraisal, review meetings, etc. to deliver the business objectives. • Ensure that there are appropriate professional standards of behaviour in the department. • Monitor the standards of work, working practices, productivity and standards of customer care of the members of the department.