Title: Assessor/Verifier
Webindex: 67773459
Company: MGT Training.com
Description: Are you experienced in the Hospitality Catering industry, to management level ? We have immediate opportunities for experienced Assessors to work for MGT Training Ltd  one of Scotland's leading private Training Providers. This is an excellent time to join our company as we are going through an exciting period of growth. We are looking for occupationally competent Assessors who are from the Hospitality industry to support work based candidates through their Scottish Vocational Qualification/ Modern Apprenticeship in hotels, restaurants, bars and other relevant areas of the hospitality industry including Glasgow,Dunbartonshire, Renfrewshire, Ayrshire, Lanarkshire, Dumfries and Galloway. A****/**** award is required or D****/**** would be considered although training and qualifications would be offered to the ideal candidate. We offer a competitive starting salary, 30 days holiday and mileage with expenses. It is essential that applicants can demonstrate a positive attitude and the ability to make strong lasting relationships with key clients. A clean driving licence and your own car are essential. JOB DESCRIPTION Job Title:Trainer / Assessor/ SVQ Product Promotion Responsible to:Team Leader Purpose of job:To deliver practical training, assess and verify (where appropriate) Employer Responsive provision in a variety of environments. To enable candidates to successfully achieve their qualification/s. Product promotion of MGT Training. Main Tasks Ensure all the MGT Training company policies and procedures are maintained throughout the department and whilst out visiting candidates / employers. Ensure that Training Agreements, Training Plans are drawn up as required and files are updated in accordance with Skills Development Scotland operating rules. Ensure that all necessary paperwork is correctly completed in line with the apprenticeship route. Ensure candidates receive assessment, guidance, verification, review and monitoring in accordance with the operating rules of Skills Development Scotland and awarding body requirements. Ensure timely completion of qualifications, develop portfolios and support the embedding of core skills. To carry out regular candidate reviews as required and update learner files to reflect achievements. To keep accurate records of learner attendance which are regularly shared with the relevant employer. To ensure the quality of the assessment process by working with Internal Verifiers and attending regular standardization meetings. To attend team meetings and other meetings as required. To participate in course reviews and evaluation process. Assist your work department with the achievement of its Skills Development Scotland targets. Ensure that all equipment is used in a safe, effective and efficient manner and is checked on a regular basis. Help, prepare, organise and deliver commercial courses to customer specifications. Attain qualification as an Assessor and if appropriate, an Internal Verifier. Attain qualification as a First Aider if required by the company. Carry out any other such reasonable task as may be required. Carry out product promotion ensuring caseloads are met. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssessorVerifier_job****