Title: Night Guest Relations Manager (Shift Work)
Webindex: 71555464
Company: Adecco
Description: Our client, A luxurious **** Hotel based in Slough is looking for a Guest Relations Manager to join the team. The overall purpose of this role is to be a professional and efficient point of contact for all guests and members and ensure that they receive the highest standard of service and cooperation at all times, whilst ensuring the smooth running of all areas Duties Include To ensure that the guest experience from entry to the hotel through to departure is delivered according to Departmental Standard Operating Procedures and the guest expectation. To have a management presence at both reception desks, in order to meet and greet guests and ensure that they are roomed as per **** star AA Standard Procedure. To have a working knowledge of all Front of House related systems and equipment, Opera and Concept. To provide an efficient and professional service at all times and deal with guest enquiries or complaints either by fax, telephone, letter or verbally. To liaise with the Reception Manager or Senior Management on any guest complaints or operational challenges. To ensure the shift is well organised and that the team is allocated duties and that they are completed at the end of the shift. To assist with the training of all Reception staff and to monitor performances. To ensure the continual safekeeping of all cash/security/keys and that regular banking is made in compliance with laid down company policies and security arrangements. To ensure that the General Manager/Resident Manager and all relevant departments receive their departmental reports punctually and accurately. To ensure all Front of house storage areas are locked and kept neat, clean and tidy at all times. To display and encourage the team to achieve a high level of personal hygiene, appropriate uniform, overall appearance, customer care, courtesy and social skills. Any other reasonable tasks allocated by the Reception Manager or any Senior Management. Hours of work are ****hrs Shift based on 3 days In, 3 days Off, day or night shift on a rotating basis, to include weekends, bank holidays, as per departmental rota. This is an excellent opportunity to work for a great hotel in a beautiful location. The ideal candidate would have worked in a **** hotel and have knowledge of Opera Software.Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy