Title: Manager  new classic pub/restaurant near Wilmslow, Cheshire
Webindex: 68512656
Company: Brunning and Price
Description: Manager  new classic pub restaurant ****K plus free accommodation The Bulls Head (presently Osteria Mauro) will, come the New Year, be the latest addition to the Brunning and Price family of classic pub restaurants, which includes, amongst others, The Wharf in Castlefield, Little Manor in Thelwall and Sutton Hall in Macclesfield. We’re proud to be recognised by the Good Pub Guide as Pub Group Of The Year 2013 and we plan to continue our recipe for success at the Bulls Head. We’re planning an extensive refurbishment to take the building back to a classic country pub and upon completion you’ll find cosy dining areas and alcoves with open fires, bookcases and lots of old wood furniture leading into a light and airy garden room. We’re also planning to build a large raised deck at first floor level as well as a sunny terrace to provide an outside drinking and eating area for when the weather is fine. The bar will be at the heart of the building with six cask ales on tap, a back shelf crammed with Malts and an extensive wine list. Our menus will have a spine of freshly prepared, classic British dishes, complemented by more exotic influences from other parts of the world – in other words, modern British cookery. We plan to reopen in Spring 2013 and we’re looking for a warm and charismatic host who can take up the reins and make the pub their own. Running a Brunning and Price pub is a multifacetted career: you’ll need to be a real foodie; have a real passion for decent beer and wine; enjoy looking after others; be able to build and direct a happy crew; run a 1m  business; and look after a characterful building. It sounds like a tall order, but in truth we are able to offer a lot of support, and at the end of the day the most important quality we look for in all our people is strength of personality. We like fun characters who set the bar high and have an eye for detail – our pubs have been awarded ‘County Dining Pub of the Year’ on over **** occasions by the Good Pub Guide, and hopefully before long the Bulls Head will be up there amongst them. We’ll reward you with a salary package around ****K and provide you with high quality accommodation as part of the deal. You’ll enjoy a great deal of autonomy and will definitely be the boss of your own business, and you’ll be part of a successful, growing company who have been awarded Pub Group of the Year on five occasions. If you’re interested in developing a rewarding career with an expanding company, please send your CV with a covering letter telling us about you and what makes you tick to janbrunningandprice.co.uk For more information, please take a look at our website: www.brunningandprice.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ManagernewclassicpubrestaurantnearWilmslowCheshire_job****