Title: General Manager  Goose Croydon
Webindex: 69732211
Company: Great Traditional Pubs
Description: General Manager  Goose Croydon This is a typical goose style in the heart of Croydon. Located on the very busy Market street. This business is a great trad pub that enjoys a local regular day trade which includes a steady food trade. Night trade is busy and vibrant. This is a feeder pub to the late night venues in town. With sales of circa ****k this is a great business for an experienced Deputy or GM looking for their next step up. The successful applicant must have very strong communication skills and be passionate about running a great pub with fantastic service and standards. Experience of food sales would be preferable and you must have the nergy and drive to succeed. Part of our 'Great Traditional Pubs' segment, these pubs are your local on the High Street, open all day and every day and able to understand the changing atmosphere as the day progresses into night. This is the pub offer that is right for all, whatever the customer is looking for  Sky Sport, music, fun and drinks with friends, a working lunch or just the chance to take a break and recharge the batteries. General Manager  What we want We are looking for General Managers who can demonstrate the passion and commitment to succeed in this highenergy, revitalised business. After all, we're not just a leading pub and hospitality group: we're an innovative and passionate team, with big ambitions for the future. Our General Managers are people who have great entrepreneur style with a passion for driving their business forward; sales driven but cost aware, always one step ahead of their local competition and driven to deliver the best possible experience for their customers. You will be able to think on your feet and outside of the box and enjoy the freedom to try new ideas that will grow your sales and be the best pub in your local market. As a General Manager you will have responsibility and accountability for: Growing sales every day Being proud of your people Keeping your pub legal and your customers safe Investing in the future of the company by being profitable Delivering fantastic experiences for every customer on every visit. General Manager salary and benefits In return, as a General Manager, you will receive: Competitive salary Uncapped bonus scheme **** day's holiday Single private health care cover Stake holder pension scheme Extensive training and career progression opportunities Individual incentives This could be a fantastic opportunity for a General Manager to work in an environment that is fun as well as challenging with the training and development to take your career along the path of your choice  so come and talk to us. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GeneralManagerGooseCroydon_job****