Title: Sous Chef  Carluccio's  Leamington Spa  New Opening
Webindex: 68837538
Company: Carluccio's
Description: NEW SOUS CHEF POSITION Currently we have some fantastic opportunities at our restaurants in Leamington Spa for the role of Sous Chef. Interested? Read on for further details and to apply for the Sous Chef position, we would love to hear from you. In our Carluccio’s restaurants you will find an authentically Italian experience, offering freshly prepared high quality dishes. We try to consistently make our customer’s experience special, whether they come in for a breakfast, freshly made food from the Deli or a four course meal for lunch or dinner Carluccio’s is still growing slowly with approximately **** restaurants opening a year, which means that there is always going to be room for progression for those who are looking for a career within a company that is expanding throughout the UK. Our food is freshly prepared every day by our chefs, using only the most authentic and freshest ingredients, carefully sourced. As a Sous Chef you would need to oversee these preparations alongside the Head Chef, as well as taking responsibility for ordering and stock control. So you will require great cooking skills (or great potential), and a firm commitment to consistency of production. In return, Carluccio’s will offer you genuine opportunities to progress. As a Sous Chef with Carluccio’s we provide exceptional training and development, whilst rewarding you for your hard work with trips to Italy, a generous management discount and a management bonus of up to **** We believe in developing people to the very best of their ability. We recognise that it is our chefs who help us keep this commitment to fresh and authentic food, which is why we realise the importance of developing, training and investing in them. In any one month we run up to 50 offthejob training courses, ranging from Management Skills development to Italian Food Master classes with our resident experts, to courses to keep you safe: such as First Aid, Food Hygiene, and Health and Safety. As well as this we send our chefs to Cook’s School in conjunction with Westminster Kingsway College Take a look at our website www.carluccios.com to learn more about us. All candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this position. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SousChefCarlucciosLeamingtonSpaNewOpening_job****