Title: Cluster Business Development Executive
Webindex: 69183409
Company: Double tree by Hilton London West End
Description: The Doubletree by Hilton London West End and the Doubletree by Hilton LondonVictoria are currently recruiting for a Cluster Business Development Executive to join the Sales team. As a Cluster Business Development Executive you will be responsible for driving opportunities and converting to maximising revenue in the Meetings quality, guest satisfaction and profit level. Key responsibilities include: Maintain regular contact with key MICE accounts to maximise hotel use. Keep accurate information on clients business needs and trends and to proactively use this data. Prioritise proactive sales efforts to Conference Market, Conference Agents, Local Market To develop Meetings etc. To liaise regularly with Trade Associations to ensure ongoing awareness of the hotel and exchange of leads for new business. To submit weekly reports on sales highlights, C&B confirmed and provisional business. To submit on a monthly basis a detailed report on sales activity, contacts, results etc. Assist the Cluster Director of Sales and Cluster General Manager in the development of the Annual Business Plan including the market segmentation breakdown and revenue forecast. To keep aware, through networking on the trends, threats, opportunities etc. and react accordingly. The ideal candidate for this position: Must be courteous and focused on providing a consistently high standard of customer service Must be standards driven and sales orientated Will have experience of working in a hotel operating in the M&E market Will have a M&E background with knowledge of the local area and established contacts in the M&E industry Must have the ability to multitask in a fastpaced environment Must have a good command of the English Language (oral and written) Should be flexible with regards to hours and travel in the UK Should have excellent selfpresentation Should have previous experience in similar role Have excellent communication skills Organised and efficient Eligibility: In line with the requirements of the Asylum & Immigration Act **** all applicants must either be eligible to live and work in the UK or must obtain permits to work in the UK prior to application. Documented evidence of eligibility will be required from candidates as part of the recruitment process.