Title: F B MANAGER  **** Star Hotel, HandsOn Role, Near Watford, LiveIn Available
Webindex: 62012950
Company: Castle Recruitment
Description: This excellent **** star, 60 bedroom hotel which is located close to Watford is now seeking a professional individual. Job Title:Food and Beverage Manager Line Manager: General Manager /Operations Manager Key Communications:  Central Support  Heads of Departments  Own Team  Line Manager  Customers Job Purpose / Summary: To take complete control and accountability for the daytoday food and Beverage operations of the hotel, ensuring the management of the departments are meeting set criteria. To ensure all employees consistently achieve product and hospitality service standards. To provide a first class service to hotel guests and ensure that company standards are adhered to. To ensure all daily and weekly operational meetings within the hotel are happening. To ensure the Hotel, delivers the minimum group Brand Standards in Food and Beverage departments. Ensure all standard checklists are used as prescribed. To empower team to be able to handle all guest feedback for positive and negative and record correctly. Undertaking the role as toastmaster as required. To carryout quality training and coaching in a systematic and professional manner using the Mission Possible customer Care Programme To ensure all service standards are maintained through out the Food and Beverage operations of the hotel Ensure that company and legal standards for cleanliness are maintained within all Food and Beverage outlets. Ensure that the team are correctly uniformed, in line with Company Standards and understand the importance of personal hygiene. Ensure that the team are punctual, polite, courteous and helpful to guests and colleagues at all times. Be fully conversant with the facilities, services and promotions offered by the hotel and whenever appropriate offer this information to the guest. Ensure all sales activity is monitored in line with company policy To communicate and share knowledge with other hotel departments. Regularly visit competitor hotels and Food and Beverage outlets to compare and contrast service and product. To positively promote sales awareness within the departments and maximise sales opportunities. To prepare, check and monitor departmental forecasts and rotas to ensure they are in line with set budgets and meet the service and business needs. Purchase / Order departmental supplies, carry out monthly stocktake and action any discrepancies and business needs in line with Company standards. Control departmental costs through correct storage and distribution of supplies. To ensure the Company Health and Safety, Food Safety and COSHH legislations are adhered to; this will involve action and appropriate training. To maintain up to date personal and relevant records to company standards. To ensure that recruitment is in line with agreed manpower / productivity levels Ensure that the department is operating to the agreed manpower / productivity ratios set by Line Manager To carry out the departmental welcome induction to the set company standard. To complete **** and ****2week job chats with all new employees. Evaluate performance and action outcomes. Conduct regular ****:1 meetings with members of the team as part of the company performance management process. Devise, agree and action training plans for the department, with Line and HR Manager. To plan and agree own personal development with line manager including facilitating work based and selflearning. Monitor and comply with all company and legal statutory requirements Must attend all H S, Fire and Food Training as directed by designated Line Manager. To attend meetings and carry out agreed actions. Flexible and adapts quickly and positively to new situations keeping emphasis on a balanced approach Thinks ahead and develops contingencies Communicates clearly and openly both verbally and in writing Motivates, informs and clarifies goals and expectations to the team Looks for fresh ideas and encourages creative thinking in the team Effectively delegates to get things done. Open and honest Motivated, self reliant has drive and determination to succeed Carry out Duty Management as and when required. TO MAKE THAT NEXT EXCITING STEP IN YOUR CAREER APPLY NOW