Title: Assistant Catering and Events Manager
Webindex: 68292455
Company: Berkeley Scott
Description: We are recruiting for an Assistant Catering and Events Manager to join the team at this busy sporting venue. The catering and hospitality has grown from strength to strength and due to levels of business is expanding its management team. They cater for up to **** visitors on match days, with hospitality boxes, directors dining and a wide range of bars and fast food outlets. There is also a large events operation which caters for conferences, wedding and other private parties and events. Working as part of the management team you will support the Catering Manager in ensuring continued success of the operation. Job Description As Assistant Catering and Events Manager you will have a very hands on management role, overseeing the day to day operations of the hospitality department. specific responsibilities include:  team development and management, supporting junior managers and organising a large team of casual staff  managing wages in line with budgets  maintaining operational standards and customer satisfaction  controlling stocks, including liquor and equipment  oversee the hospitality on match days, ensuring smooth delivery to these prestigious clients  attend regular management meetings, analysis monthly and weekly reports and STATs  manage day to day running of the events operation  Duty Management, Heath and Safety Required Experience We are looking for candidates with previous management experience in a busy event orientated environment. You must have proven skills in running large banqueting and conferencing events. Experience in a similar sporting operation would be ideal. You must have excellent organisational skills and the ability to manage and motivate a large team. You must have high personal standards, able to exceed customer expectations. We are looking for a hands on manager, who will lead from the front and ensure an efficient and profitable operation. In order to ensure your enquiry with regards to this position is dealt with quickly, please send in an uptodate copy of your Curriculum Vitae in a Word Document format. If this role does not fully match your needs please visit our website, www.berkeleyscott.co.uk for similar opportunities.Berkeley Scott is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.