Title: Assistant Manager  Award Winning Country House Hotel Group
Webindex: 66698107
Company: JAP Associates
Description: Company Information: Our client is an Independent and expanding hotel group who offer excellent training and career progression. The company boasts a stunning collection of country house hotels with award winning restaurants of a multi rosette standard. This role is based at one of their stunning boutique country house hotel on the outskirts of Southampton and an award winning destination led restaurant. The hotel offers a wide selection of facilities for both corporate and leisure guests and due to the stunning location is a very popular venue for weddings. Job description: As Assistant Manager you role will involve assisting the General Manager in the day to day running of the operation. Your role will involve ensuring a high level of service is delivered across to the operation including the fine dining restaurant. You will also be responsible for dealing with conference and corporate clients and assisting with the running of functions and weddings. A key part of this role will be the ongoing training and development of the team and working to set budgets and sales targets. You will be responsible for running the hotel in the absence of the General Manager, making this is an ideal role for candidates that are keen to progress their career in the future. Ideal Background: The Ideal candidate for this Assistant Managers role will have previous experience at a Duty Management level and have knowledge of food and beverage and overall hotel operations as well as experience of running functions and weddings. It is essential you have good communication skills and are able to lead and motivate a team and have excellent attention to detail. You must also be able to demonstrate a desire to deliver outstanding customer service and enjoy being hands on in the operation with exposure to all areas of the business. Salary and Benefits: Our client is offering a basic salary of **** for this permanent role of Assistant Manager You will also have the opportunity to earn ****  **** in bonus based on sales and profit. This position also offers excellent training and career progression within the company. In order to process your application please forward you CV in word document to justine.perryjapassociates.co.uk JAP Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. In accordance and compliance with the “Asylum and Immigration Act ****” all applicants applying for the above position will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to live and work in the United Kingdom. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerAwardWinningCountryHouseHotelGroup_job****