Title: ASSISTANT MANAGER  BRANDED PUB & RESTAURANT
Webindex: 68701174
Company: Detail2Leisure
Description: Exciting Assistant Management opportunity with this foodled, branded pub / restaurant operation. This role offers the successful applicant the opportunity to work for a company that really does value their employees and is committed to career development. This is all about providing the customer with quality food and drink in a traditional, welcoming pub atmosphere. The Company: Our client is one of the UK’s leading operators of managed pubs and restaurants offering eating, drinking and entertainment for their customers. They are one of the great names in licensed retailing and were at the forefront of the creation of the British pub we know today. Job Role  Assistant Manager  Branded Pub and Restaurant: As a result of the development of this new exciting offer, our client has a vacancy for a high calibre Assistant Manager. The role involves assisting the General Manager in running one of their busy branded foodled sites, set in the heart of the local community. The site attracts a wide customer base and our client requires a proven Assistant Manager that can support the General Manager to drive sales and standards across all areas of the business (pub and restaurant). In particular you will need to have managed a food led pub or branded restaurant ensuring that you are able to maximise sales at peak times. You will also need to demonstrate an understanding of efficient community service with to provide your guests with a truly unbeatable experience. Key Attributes  Assistant Manager  Branded Pub and Restaurant: Due to the nature of this particular business the successful applicant will have substantial experience of: Operating within a branded pub or restaurant environment. A no compromise approach to quality. Delivering a customer experience across a broad customer base. Hands on approach to their work to respond to business demand. Training and development in order to coordinate the efforts of a team. Being proactive rather than reactive to guest’s needs  dealing with guest’s comments as an opportunity not a process. Acting as a host to the business. Detail****Leisure is a division of Detail **** Group Limited and acts as an employment agency. We are the chosen recruitment partner for many of the UK's leading hospitality leisure companies. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ASSISTANTMANAGERBRANDEDPUBRESTAURANT_job****