Title: Key Account Coordinator  De Vere Venues Ltd ?? Wokefield Park
Webindex: 68234208
Company: i resourcer
Description: Key Account Coordinator  De Vere Venues Ltd – Wokefield Park Wokefield Park is a unique venue set in the rural Berkshire countryside. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Key Account Coordinator who will be responsible for delivering and exceeding customer expectations from the first point of contact through to the KPMG guests departure from the venue. Responsibilities of Key Account Coordinator:  Ensure that all agreed standards are met at all times through liaising with the KPMG Bookers  Liaise with the Sales Office Manager and Diary Manager with regards to the diary, revenue and conversion statistics Work with the National Account Manager responsible for KPMG on the Account Action Plan  Work with the National Account Manager for KPMG with regards to any special events to raise the profile of Wokefield Park. Benefits included for a Key Account Coordinator:  25 days holidays plus bank holidays  Private Medical Insurance Scheme  Contributory Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. You will be working in a busy environment which requires a consistency in customer service, flexibility and being able to work well under pressure. The ideal candidate will be organised, an excellent communicator with exceptional attention to detail and the passion to go the extra mile for our customers. If you are interested in the role of Key Account Coordinator apply now by forwarding your current CV to Marta Johansen together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space – a forward thinking business with personality creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Wokefield Park offers two totally different centres in both style and feel: the spacious, ultramodern, purposebuilt Executive Centre and the traditional Mansion House. The venue offers **** meeting rooms and **** ensuite bedrooms. Also available, a championship golf course, indoor pool, mini gym and spa. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/KeyAccountCoordinatorDeVereVenuesLtdWokefieldPark_job****