Title: Sous Chef New Opening Best Of British Restaurant St Albans
Webindex: 69473614
Company: The Edge Recruitment Ltd
Description: This is a top end exclusive restaurant group that has hit the St Albans restaurant scene with a bang A fantastic opportunity has arisen to join this soon to be opened restaurant in the capacity of Sous Chef. With a growing restaurant portfolio, this group is very much on the up and taking the country by storm. The restaurant will be in a prime St. Albans location. Set in a rustic British brasserie style, there aren’t many restaurant businesses out there that will be able to compete when it comes to food quality and price. As the Sous Chef for the St. Albans restaurant you will work closely with your Head Chef to ensure only the most amazing quality food leaves the kitchen As the Sous Chef of the St. Albans restaurant you will work closely with the Head Chef day to day, totally taking control of the kitchen, prepping and preparing quality dishes. As Sous Chef you will develop your brigade of chefs to make sure that brand standards are met. You will run busy shifts and ensure service runs smoothly so that all dishes leave the kitchen to an excellent standard. The Sous Chef takes full control of all health and safety in the kitchen working hard to meet the required criteria of all audits. You will make sure the food you produce is the talk of St. Albans. The ingredients required to be the perfect Sous Chef of this restaurant include: A genuine passion for the industry. A person who exudes confidence with team members , the ability to deliver top quality food to a very high standard, harbour a background in the making of fresh cuisine, You will be outgoing and approachable, experience of cooking in a busy, high pressured kitchen.experience of staff training, rotas, financial reporting, stock control and ordering,experience of working in a renowned restaurant brand is preferred. If you feel you fit the correct criteria for this role, email your CV today Edge Recruitment will work closely with you and prepare you for all interview stages. We understand our clients needs and can therefore ensure your interview experience is a positive one. Edge Recruitment are a professional recruitment consultancy who recruit managers and chefs for renowned restaurant businesses across the UK. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SousChefNewOpeningBestOfBritishRestaurantStAlbans_job****