Title: Assistant Manager  Nottingham
Webindex: 69251508
Company: Ember Inns
Description: Working at Ember Pub Dining Do you want to work in the best pub in the local area for meeting, eating and drinking? Then look no further than the vacancies at Ember Pub Dining. We ve got exactly the workplace you re looking for. Great British pub food and fine cask ales Ember Pub Dining offer great quality food and drink pubs in the heart of residential areas. We are particularly famous for our cask ales so there s no better place to master the art of keeping Cask Marque certified real ales. You may also fancy becoming the best quiz master for miles around or learning the skills to prepare and serve delicious, seasonal pub food. Welcome to Ember Pub Dining Apple Tree, Nottingham The Apple Tree is a well known and attractive pub situated in the suburban borough of West Bridgeford on the outskirts of Nottingham. Six months ago, the business very successfully converted to the Ember Pub Dining which moved the business to a more local gastro pub. Due to the success of the brand conversion, a great opportunity has arisen for an Assistant Manager. The ideal candidate will ideally be able to demonstrate experience in a high volume food environment however, a drive to succeed, a strong work ethic, enthusiasm and a desire to deliver excellent guest service are essential. The successful individual will have an eye for detail and a personality to enable them to confidently mix with a wide range of guests. Committed to working alongside the current General Manager to develop a strong team to ensure continued success and growth. In this role you would be working for a manager with a proven track record of developing their team and as a result you would receive a great development plan that would help you in shaping your own future. Ember Pub Dining are some of the best real ale pubs in Britain with an unrivalled choice of perfectlykept cask beers and a wide range of other drinks too. But it s not just the ales that are real at Ember Pub Dining. These are real local pubs with delicious real pub food, comfortable sofas, easy chairs, real fires and lots of cosy corners; we are the best place for relaxed conversation and socialising. What you ll do in this role Ember Pub Dining are real grownup pubs. As Assistant Manager, you ll have the chance to develop and mature like a fine cask ale with the prospect of managing your own pub one day. But, for now, as Assistant Manager you ll be helping the General Manager to grow the team and grow the pub s guest base too through the fantastic welcome you provide. As Assistant Manager, you ll be ensuring that standards of food and service are consistently excellent You ll be responsible for training and inspiring a large team First and last impressions count and it ll be your job to ensure that guests leave with the right one You ll be taking your first step on a management career ladder that s limited only by your ambition You ll be joining our awardwinning Assistant Manager Programme What will make you perfect for the job? Ideally six months experience in a high volume pub, bar or restaurant A handson approach so you can really lead by example You ll be a real people person who s great at guest service A passion for great food and drink The ambition to be a great manager of the future Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. What we offer Contributory pension scheme Assistant Manager Bonus Scheme Earn up to **** per annum Private healthcare Structured training programme 25 days holiday Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.