Title: General Manager  South East
Webindex: 69251564
Company: Premium Country Dining Group
Description: General Manager ******** Working at Premium Country Dining Group restaurants If you aspire to working in the refined and sophisticated environment of a topclass country restaurant, we ve got some exceptional vacancies in some beautiful locations. Country dining doesn t get any better It s easy to take pride in your work when you re delivering top quality food designed by passionate chefs. Add to that some beautiful buildings and subtly designed interiors (often incorporating the pub's original features and log burning fires), and you can go to work knowing you re part of something truly exceptional. Welcome to Premium Country Dining Group Surrey We are looking for a seasoned Manager for a beautiful riverside business in leafy Surrey. The business is a premium, country, dining pub, with the added benefit of a large Alfresco dining area. The pub has fantastic potential to peak in summer time. We are looking for a hungry manager that relishes this challenge. The successful applicant will have a good understanding of business the catering industry. However a genuine passion for hospitality fresh food is a must. We offer great starting salaries, performance related bonuses genuine career progression within the leading Premium pub market. As General Manager with us, you ll be helping to bring eating out into the **** st century. In a superb country pub with subtle d cor and a relaxed style of sophisticated contemporary dining. But we ve also retained some beautiful things from the past with fantastic traditional features and roaring log fires. We ll want you to do exactly the same in bringing all the good things from your past too What you ll do in this role We re all about bringing together the best things from the past with an innovative new approach. So as General Manager we ll expect you to bring with you ideas as fresh and inventive as the food we serve. We ll expect you to train, inspire and encourage your team to think for themselves too. Original features combined with original thinking. That s what our customers flock to us for As General Manager you ll be training and leading a large team You ll ensure good first impressions, last impressions and those in between You ll nurture and grow the business You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding career with us You ll benefit from our awardwinning Management Programme What will make you perfect for the job? General Manager level experience in a high volume, branded, ideally fullservice restaurant A passion for delivering great service with the personal touch and attention to detail to ensure that every single customer comes back for more The personality, energy and charisma to inspire, lead and develop a large committed team The ability to impress a highly individual and diverse clientele The financial acumen to plan and grow the business to achieve its full potential What we offer Attractive salary Generous bonus scheme earn up to 100% of your salary General Manager benefits package A commitment to a quality training programme The potential to enjoy a long and successful career with us Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.