Title: Assistant Manager  Canterbury
Webindex: 69251526
Company: Crown Carveries
Description: Working at Crown Carveries If you want the satisfaction of seeing your customers coming back eager for more then join our friendly Crown Carveries team. Soon you ll be helping deliver top quality carvery food that s staggering value for money and seeing satisfied guests returning time and time again Jawdropping value in a friendly pub atmosphere There s an art to delivering such extraordinary value and you can learn these invaluable skills in the relaxed working environment of a friendly local pub. It s a great way to build your career whilst being at the heart of the local community. Welcome to Crown Carvery Old Moat House Crown Carvery Old Moat House is special because This carvery pub is a food led outlet with **** covers and **** meals per week. The thatched site is situated in a residential area of Luton . The pub has a large function room . The kitchen is in a good state of repair and has great potential to grow sales with the right team. Crown Carvery is renowned for its amazing value for money and fantastic carvery meats and a great range of freshly steamed veggies. With no frills, but all the trimmings, we really do the simple things well. Joining us as an Assistant Manager is hugely rewarding and it s a fantastic opportunity There s an art to achieving such incredible value and, as Assistant Manager, it ll be your job to master that art. What you ll do in this role As Assistant Manager you ll help to train, mould and motivate our talented Crown Carvery team. You ll instil values as well as value into those in the team to keep quality levels as high as ever. You ll make sure our kitchen staff our organised and motivated towards delivering huge volumes day in, day out. This will be your first step on the road to a fantastic career with us. As Assistant Manager, you ll be ensuring that standards of food and service are consistently excellent You ll be responsible for training and inspiring a large team First and last impressions count and it ll be your job to ensure that customers leave with the right one You ll be taking your first step on a management career ladder that s limited only by your ambition You ll be joining our awardwinning Assistant Manager Programme What will make you perfect for the job? Ideally six months experience in a high volume pub, bar or restaurant A handson approach so you can really lead by example You ll be a real people person who s great at customer service A passion for great food and drink The ambition to be a great manager of the future What we offer Contributory pension scheme Private healthcare Structured training programme 25 days holiday Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.