Title: GENERAL MANAGER  GREEK STREET LEEDS 
Webindex: 68591211
Company: Giraffe Restaurants
Description: We have a fantastic opportunity for a talented General Manager to join Giraffe and lead a motivated team in our Greek Street restaurant in the heart of Leeds. The successful candidate will need to have previous experience in a similar fast paced high volume restaurant environment and be able to demonstrate exceptional levels of enthusiasm and hospitality. The role involves the daytoday running and development of this unique restaurant which delivers the highest standards of food quality and extensive bar offering and live music. This is a great opportunity for a high calibre manager who has experience of managing a high profile, high volume restaurant that could ultimately lead to an operational role given our expansion plans for 2013. As the General Manager you will be expected to: share our values and engage every guest and team member in the giraffe experience be a great coach who encourages others and shares knowledge. someone who anticipate guest’s needs before they even know what they want? The successful candidate will: require a passion for people and take every opportunity to spot and develop talent and identify training needs to develop a winning team and stars of the future love hospitality yet also be able to demonstrate excellent business acumen, identifying opportunities to improve our reputation as market leaders and to drive our business forward on daily basis demonstrate your experience in events and marketing and display an entrepreneurial flair. We offer great training, support and encouragement and have numerous training courses that extend past the initial training period where all Managers receive bespoke training in all departments. Development is ongoing and opportunities are everywhere as we look to open even more restaurants in 2013. A bright, rewarding career lies ahead of those with the passion to succeed. In return you’ll receive a fantastic salary, friends and family discount and the training development you deserve. Come embrace your individuality and join us for the career of a lifetime. Send your CV today to jobsgiraffe.net subject: I’m your new General Manager in Leeds “Feel good food from around the world, passionate people and genuine hospitality are at the heart of everything we do.” This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GENERALMANAGERGREEKSTREETLEEDS_job****