Title: Food Services Manager  Visitor Attraction
Webindex: 70146254
Company: Xpress Recruitment
Description: The Place: Our client is one of the leading brands in the UK, with exciting units in fantastic locations throughout the country. They are currently looking for an experienced Food Services Manager to join their busy Restaurant in the Stirling area. The Job: As Food Services Manager, you will essentially perform a hands on role in which you will immerse yourself in all aspects of the business, focusing on the delivery of exceptional customer service in order to ensure the unit remains a market leader. You will have a key responsibility for food and beverage operations within the business. Within this responsibility you will monitor and where necessary improve overall service and quality standards alongside the general ambience of the property  so you must have a keen eye for detail. As well as day to day operational management you will be tasked with stock management and auditing, operational standards audits, staff recruitment, development, retention and training. You will also have a strong input into ongoing sales, marketing and promotional activity The Person: Managing an average weekly turnover of no less than ****k per week, this is an extremely challenging role that requires previous Senior Management experience in a similar high volume quality restaurant background. As Food Services Manager you will need to be able to demonstrate strong people management skills, proven experience of delivering on target Profit Loss accounts, and have the enthusiasm and passion to deliver the experience that customers have come to expect. The Rewards: The Food Services Manager will receive a competitive salary of up to **** excellent career opportunities is available for the right candidate Xpress Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. All candidates registering with Xpress Recruitment will need to provide proof of identity, eligibility to work in UK and any relevant qualifications and references. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/FoodServicesManagerVisitorAttraction_job****