Title: Assistant Manager  Independent Restaurant & Lounge Bar  NEW OPENING
Webindex: 71276828
Company: Bee Recruitment London Ltd
Description: Assistant Manager  Independent Stylish Local Restaurant and Lounge Bar –West London NEW OPENING Salary around ****K plus a very good work life balance The Client – Assistant Manager This small but perfectly formed group have been building a portfolio of very cool local restaurants in some of London's most fashionable areas over the last few years. These are the kind of restaurants that the locals love so much they don’t want to tell anyone else about them. With a cutting edge design, great service, amazing food and an unrivalled passion for wine you don’t get much cooler. This brand new restaurant is looking for a dynamic assistant manager to help with the opening. The Role – Assistant Manager As the Assistant Manager you will be running shifts, motivating managing your team and delivering great service. This is a very hands on role. You will support your General Manager in heading this amazing team with so much passion and energy; it’s an exciting place to work. Essential Skills Experience  Assistant Manager We're looking for an Assistant Manager with at least 2 years experience from a quality restaurant background. You will have great people skills and lots of confidence on the floor with huge amount of energy. You will have a passion for wine and good honest food with wholesome flavours Rewards – Assistant Manager Great Package – ****k Exciting, challenging environment Chance to join a dynamic, expanding company Candidate Information, Assistant Manager All candidates must provide proof of identity and eligibility to work in the UK along with and relevant supporting qualifications. Bee Recruitment is an equal opportunities employer, a recruitment agency dedicated to recruitment in the hospitality industry. Please send your CV to Taffeta at taffetabeerec.com or call on **** Due to the high number of applicants we receive sadly we cannot reply to everyone, therefore if you do not hear back from us within 5 days please assume you have been unsuccessful this time This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerIndependentRestaurantLoungeBarNEWOPENING_job****