Title: General Manager (Opening) Modern, Fresh Food Branded Restaurant Group
Webindex: 69473462
Company: Gordon Charles Recruitment Ltd
Description: General Manager – Established, Progressive Restaurant Group – Historic Market Town  Suffolk Package of Basic  Bonus  Great Benefits The Company Founded a few years ago, this **** strong (and growing) collection of restaurants in the latest venture of one the UK’s most respected restaurateurs. The offer is, in the main, freshly prepared grills, pizza and pasta using the best possible, locally sourced ingredients prepared by professional chefs. The restaurants within the group are all situated in prime locations and typically in interesting historical buildings. The group has embarked on a measured but exciting expansion plan so prospects within the company are truly exceptional. What We Are Looking for in an General Manager A Successful General Manager will be able to demonstrate the following: Gregarious, service led personality. Proven experience as a General Manager (Restaurant). Busy, Branded Restaurant Management with experience of running business with a high net weekly turnover. Drive, determination and the conviction to instil confidence in your team Passion and Pride, ensuring that all guests continue to enjoy the quality of experience for which the company has become recognised A keen desire to lead a driven team to achieve impressive results The Rewards on offer for an General Manager  A base salary and bonus – package  ****  Great Benefits  Career Progression within the Group What Next? If you would like to know more or you would like to apply for this exciting General Manager opportunity, please email me, Nick Charles, at nickgordoncharles.co.uk . I look forward to hearing from you. PLEASE NOTE : Only suitable General Manager candidates will be contacted. If you have not heard back from us within **** working days please assume that your application has not been successful in this instance. You must be resident in the UK and eligible to work to apply for this position. Gordon Charles Recruitment is an equal opportunities employer and acts as an employment agency for Permanent Recruitment. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GeneralManagerOpeningModernFreshFoodBrandedRestaurantGroup_job****