Title: Operations Manager plus bonus  Leicester  ****
Webindex: 68505017
Company: K.B.C. Associates Limited
Description: JOB DESCRIPTIONJob Title:Operations Manager Department: Management  Administration Responsible to: General Manager Responsible for: Food and Beverage Department / Housekeeping / Porters /Guest Relations Managers Main Job Function To control and coordinate the activities of all hotel departments on a daytoday basis to ensure that the hotel provides the required standards of performance and service. To assist the General Manager with the implementation of the Strategic Plan, Marketing Plan, Budget, Forecasts To review, evaluate, plan and take action so that the hotel achieves its service, sales, costs and profitability targets. To lead and manage the Heads of Departments in Food and Beverage, Housekeeping and Porters so that they perform efficiently and effectively. To ensure that the company s service policies and procedures are adhered to throughout the hotel. To give both internal and external customers quality service . Relationships Reporting directly to General Manager on all areas concerning daytoday serviceperformance and management. Liaising with the Revenue Manager daily. MAIN DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Ensure that guests are treated efficiently and professionally throughout the hotel. Organise the Guest Relations Management rotas and ensure that duty shifts are carried out effectively. Ensure that there is effective communication throughout the hotel. Ensure that Line Managers and Heads of Departments are aware of their targets such as brand, budget, KPs, etc. and are motivated to achieving them. Ensure that active measures are taken to achieve both qualitative and quantitative required and Guest Tracking results Hold regular meetings to pass on information and discuss business performance and achievement of targets. Liaise with the line managers to ensure that they are able to run their departments efficiently and in accordance with brand standards. Oversee the performance of departments that report directly. Monitor security and health and safety within the hotel. Handle complaints and difficult situations. Staff Management To be involved with the Human Resources Manager in the recruitment of Food and Beverage Manager and direct report Heads of Department. To ensure that every member of the departments for which responsible receives the required training to fulfil all legislative and company requirements and to develop the skills and capability required in their job and that training is recorded. To actively encourage and manage the development of the staff through appraisal, review meetings, etc. to deliver the business objectives. To ensure that there are appropriate professional standards of behaviour in the department. To monitor the standards of work, working practices, productivity and standards of customer care of the members of the department. To ensure that the staff of the hotel are kept informed of the departmental / hotel / company targets and performance. To promote teamwork within the department and with other departments. To actively engage in your own personal development to benefit the business and improve your personal skills.