Title: Line Chef  Bulls Head
Webindex: 72564545
Company: Marstons Plc
Description: Make your Name at Marston’s Line Chef BULLS HEAD, BREASTON Two for One This pub operates under our classic Two for One format which is at the heart of our customer proposition. It is a high volume, foodled site with an emphasis on family friendly values. With an extensive menu and a large specials board it caters for a wide variety of tastes and preferences. The provision of full table service and a Two for One price offer on all main meals and specials means we truly represent a real value for money offering. The Ideal Candidate As an experienced and talented chef, with a flair for presentation and a stickler for quality, you’ll know all there is to know about running a busy kitchen in similar high volume food led business. From online ordering and controlling stock, through portion and wastage control, to a sound knowledge of food safety and hygiene, as well as managing and developing the team  your contribution will certainly count. The Benefits Rewards As a Chef at Marston’s, you will be able to take advantage of our brand new Chef Development Programme, which is designed to help every member of the kitchen team develop their skills.  From kitchen entry level, right through to Head Chefs or anywhere in between  the programme can help develop your knowledge and skills at all levels.  A blend of onsite training, practical kitchen sessions and selflearning.  Areas covered include health, safety and food hygiene, preparation skills, essential cooking processes and procedures, communication and cook line skills.  **** Levels to the programme: Line Chef, **** nd Chef and Head Chef.  High Street Reward Vouchers available upon completion. At Marston’s we offer a reward and benefits package designed to give some food for thought, whilst fully reflecting your performance and endeavour. For any Head Chef who can add to our growing reputation for serving top quality food drink, then this is just a taste of what you can expect:  A competitive hourly salary  Live in accommodation  The chance to work in a fun friendly environment  20% Discount Card (across our managed estate) 50% discount at work  Childcare voucher, stakeholder pension save as you earn schemes After qualifying period