Title: General Manager  Perth
Webindex: 69249543
Company: Toby Carvery
Description: Working at Toby Carvery Want to join the friendly, fastpaced atmosphere of a famous great British carvery? Then the exciting vacancies with Toby Carvery will be right up your street Carvery food Just as it should be Fanatical about food quality? Passionate about people? Serious about service? Then join our team and help provide a carvery experience that s Just as it should be , with freshly roasted meat straight from our carvery deck, delicious seasonal vegetables and a good oldfashioned welcome. Whether you prefer being a fabulous host, an outstanding server or love creating delicious meals, we ll help you carve out a great career. Welcome to Toby Carvery Isle of Skye Toby Carvery is looking for a General Manager at the start of a cultural change journey. Isle of Skye is in an idyllic spot only a short walk into historic Perth. As the business is attached to a Travelodge and surrounded by residential housing there is huge opportunity to grow this business through great service for locals and tourists alike. The ideal candidate should be guest obsessed as a way of life and the ability to motivate and engage a team to deliver their vision is paramount to the role. A proven track record of growing a business through profitable sales is essential as this business needs to expand on its current performance and drive food volume. Famous for its superb selection of succulent roast meats, Toby Carvery is the place for a superb slapup Sunday lunch. Any day or time of the week in fact With our carvery table heaving with three magnificent roasts, it s no wonder we re so popular. No wonder so many people want to carve out a career with us What you ll do in this role Toby Carvery plays a big role in so many families lives as the home of the traditional British roast. As General Manager, you ll play a big role at Toby Carvery. You ll recruit, manage and mould your team around you and, as General Manager, create a unique family atmosphere that even your mum can t match As General Manager you ll be training and leading a large team You ll ensure good first impressions, last impressions and those in between You ll nurture and grow the business You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding career with us You ll benefit from our awardwinning Management Programme What will make you perfect for the job? General Manager level experience in a high volume, ideally branded, restaurant or pub A passion for delivering great service with the personal touch and attention to detail to ensure that every single customer comes back for more The personality, energy and charisma to inspire, lead and develop a large committed team The ability to impress a highly individual and diverse clientele The financial acumen to plan and grow the business to achieve its full potential What we offer Attractive salary Generous bonus scheme earn up to 100% of your salary General Manager benefits package A commitment to a quality training programme The potential to enjoy a long and successful career with us Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.