Title: Assistant Manager  St Albans
Webindex: 71684523
Company: Ember Pub Dining
Description: Working at Ember Pub Dining Do you value the more civilised things in life  like cask conditioned real ales, fine wines, superb quality gastro pub food and modern surroundings? Then look no further than the at Ember Pub Dining. We've got exactly the workplace you're looking for. Great British pub food and fine cask ales Ember Pub Dining is all about an affordable, high quality dining experience whilst also still offering a retreat for those just looking for a cosy drink. So there's no better place to master the art of keeping Cask Marque certified real ales, or the skills to prepare and serve delicious, seasonal pub food. Welcome to Ember Pub Dining The King William This stunning business has recently been converted to Ember Pub and Dining, very much a local pub that gets involved in community events and fundraising. The King William IV is a destination very much the place to be. Ember Pub Dining are the best real ale pubs in Britain with an unrivalled choice of perfectlykept cask beers. But it s not just the ales that are real at Ember Pub Dining. These are real local pubs with delicious real pub food, real feature fireplaces, real leather sofas and not a plastic beam or a false bookcase in sight So, if you like your pubs real, come and join us. What you ll do in this role Ember Pub Dining are real grownup pubs. As Assistant Manager, you ll have the chance to develop and mature like a fine cask ale with the prospect of managing your own pub one day. But, for now, as Assistant Manager you ll be helping the General Manager to grow the team and grow the pub s customer base too through the fantastic welcome you provide. As Assistant Manager, you ll be ensuring that standards of food and service are consistently excellent You ll be responsible for training and inspiring a large team First and last impressions count and it ll be your job to ensure that customers leave with the right one You ll be taking your first step on a management career ladder that s limited only by your ambition You ll be joining our awardwinning Assistant Manager Programme What will make you perfect for the job? Ideally six months experience in a high volume pub, bar or restaurant A handson approach so you can really lead by example You ll be a real people person who s great at customer service A passion for great food and drink The ambition to be a great manager of the future What we offer Contributory pension scheme Private healthcare Structured training programme 25 days holiday Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.