Title: Chef de Partie  De Vere Venues Ltd  Brigade
Webindex: 69988228
Company: I Resourcer
Description: Chef de Partie  De Vere Venues Ltd  Brigade Brigade, based at the historic fire station on Tooley Street, London. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Chef de Partie who will be responsible for the delivery of a high standard of food to our guests, and will have the opportunity to move around the sections in the kitchen. Responsibilities of Chef de Partie:  Required to develop the Commis Chef  Adding personality and seasoning to our daily dishes and garnish each plate with care and attention  Required to maintain a high standard of food hygiene. Benefits included for a Chef de Partie:  25 days holidays plus bank holidays  Private Medical Insurance Scheme  Contributory Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a keen interest in food and a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. The ideal candidate will be organised, an excellent communicator and a hands on chef with exceptional attention to detail and the passion to go the extra mile for our customers. Previous experience in a similar role is essential. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Chef de Partie (Ref CDP BRI ****) apply now by forwarding your current CV to Marc Alexander together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space – a forward thinking business with personality creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Brigade is a dedicated event and private dining space, boasting a wine tasting lounge and a cook school. It is the ideal setting for both corporate and social events, and offers a fun and informal atmosphere. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ChefdePartieDeVereVenuesLtdBrigade_job****