Title: General Manager Restaurant & Deli Glasgow
Webindex: 70146284
Company: Berkeley Scott Pubs, Bars & Restaurants
Description: GENERAL MANAGER: Quality deli, restaurant and bar operation SALARY: Up to **** BONUS AND BENEFITS; GREAT OPPORTUNITIES; GREAT COMPANY LOCATION: Glasgow General Manager required to run this busy restaurant serving deli platters and tasty main dishes along with a quality steak restaurant and bar serving quality steaks, fine wines and cocktails situated in the Glasgow area. The site is a quality operation with a warm welcome and a great atmosphere. It is a lively operation and serves a fantastic selection of delicious Scottish fayre along with a more eclectic range of main dishes, from lighter bites, sandwiches, finger food and platters of fresh continental meats and cheeses to full blown main meals, the operation has something for everyone. It serves a wide range of quality wines and beers as well as cocktails and premium spirits. The operation thrives on its hospitality and its quality offering and is a popular venue. As General Manager you must be up for the challenge of continuing the site's profitability, popularity and success as well as being involved in its development and design. THE ROLE: As General Manager you will have the flexibility and autonomy to run the operation as if it were your own within the constraints and support of the brand. The site is currently open 7 days a week serving a great deal of food during the day and into the evening. The company itself really support their managers working alongside them to continue the success of the business and the company. The company are really injecting money into the business and are giving their General Managers a lot more autonomy to do what they need to do to keep the business successful and keep it alive. The company is established and very solid so anyone joining them now is joining at great time with the prospect of a long and solid career.This is a great opportunity for a strong General Manager who is looking for the freedom to make their own decisions and be responsible for marketing the operation with the company's backing .General Manager Requirements:  You must have a proven experience of running a profitable business and ideally will have experience of running a branded or quality restaurant and bar which serves high quality fresh food and deli platters  Experience at General Manager level of actually running a business that incorporates a Deli operation would be an advantage  Some experience of running a branded site A great attitude to work, able to create a fun atmosphere Fully able to run your own site as it were your own, full control over Profit and Loss accounts, forecasting, marketing and recruiting the right team A passion to succeed  The capability and desire to make key decisions  Experience of working with Facebook, Twitter and other modern mediums  Entrepreneurial and creative  good at coming up with ideas to develop and market the business and attract customers  Proactive  a real 'gogetter' attitude and the ability to go out and get the business rather than waiting for it to come to you  Charismatic with a real senses of humour and a fun attitude  A real passion and interest in fresh locally sourced and continental food and great customer service  Good knowledge of wines and cocktails is an advantage The starting salary is up to around **** but more may be paid for the right candidate. There is also a strong bonus scheme and benefits. In order to ensure your enquiry with regards to this position is dealt with quickly, please send in an uptodate copy of your Curriculum Vitae in a Word Document format.If this role does not fully match your needs please visit our website, www.berkeleyscott.co.uk for similar opportunities or call **** **** **** Berkeley Scott is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GeneralManagerRestaurantDeliGlasgow_job****