Title: Assistant ManagerDelice de FranceEuston Station ****KBonus
Webindex: 68837354
Company: SSP
Description: About SSP  The Food Travel Experts SSP have been delivering world class food and beverage experiences across the globe for more than 60 years. We operate a wide portfolio of owned and franchised food beverage brands in travel and retail locations across 32 countries and employ over **** people  our 'food travel experts' We are looking for new Assistant Manager to run Delice de France unit at Euston Station. The Role Key Accountabilities As an Assistant Manager of the very high profile, high sales volume Delice de France stores at Euston station, you will , you will work closely with the Manager to manage the daily operation and be responsible for delivering operational and financial results and high standards in customer service. You will also be responsible for motivating and developing your team, recruiting, training and managing performance, ensuring excellent product quality and that the unit is staffed appropriately for business needs. You'll also be responsible for ensuring compliance with health safety, food hygiene and licensing requirements. Skills Experience To be successful in this Assistant Manager role, you will need to have experience of successfully managing a similar outlet such as a branded bakery or coffee retail outlet with set standards and operating procedures. You will be commercially aware with good planning and analysis skills, able to understand a P L and confident communication skills. You will have managed a team and have examples of motivating and developing your people, managing their performance where necessary and improving individual and overall team performance. You will also be able to demonstrate competent management of 'brand' or company standards, having good audit and/or mystery shopper results to show for it Local Site Brand Information Euston is SSPs flagship Station and is a busy and vibrant environment where we also operate brands such as Upper Crust, Caffe Ritazza and Camden Food Co. There's a mix of our regular customers, other retail staff who have their breakfast or lunch with us and lots new people passing through, so a chance to impress new customers every day, run a successful business whilst being part of a larger SSP management team. Benefits Incentives In return for your skills and experience, we offer you a rewarding and vibrant working environment, real and achievable career opportunities and excellent training and development to enhance your existing skills. You'll receive a competitive salary and bonus incentive (up to 15% of your salary on achievement of KPI objectives), pension scheme, 28 days holiday, life assurance, free meal on duty, discounts off SSP brands and numerous other retailers and services, child care vouchers, cycle to work scheme and lots of opportunities to develop your career in to different brands or more senior management. Please be aware that when you apply you will be redirected to our talent management system where you will be asked to complete some forms before uploading your CV. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerDelicedeFranceEustonStation****KBonus_job****