Title: Chef de Partie  Internationally Recognised Hotel  Multi Awards
Webindex: 68837483
Company: Orcinus Recruit
Description: Icing on the Cake: For this permanent position of Chef de Partie the salary is **** with Live In . It also offers the chance to be part of a growing team in an establishment which offers fantastic prospects. The Recipe: Chef de Partie: An incredible opportunity has arisen for a Chef de Partie to join the team at an amazing 2 Michelin Star, **** Rosette country house Hotel located in Wiltshire. Responsibilities for the Chef de Partie role are : The Chef de Partie will work with the Head Chef to prepare the meat and fish from fresh local produce for the section to flow with the seasons The Chef de Partie will run a section smoothly during service Support the team during prep and service The Melting Pot: A sophisticated redeveloped old British manor house located in the Wilshire countryside serves the best food available of British seasonal cuisine. The majority of the produce is grown in their own kitchen garden. With a Head Chef who has worked for some of the biggest names in some of the biggest hospitality driven countries, this property is destined for greatness. The hotel is in an idyllic location to attract guests for all occasions, from romance or family to a business lunch or a warming Sunday roast. Essential Elements: This is a great opportunity for an ambitious Chef de Partie who is looking to further his career in an amazing hotel and restaurant. Solid background in fresh food led kitchens Confidence running a section, with the ability to run it smoothly A motivated team player The Chef de Partie must be in tune with seasonal produce and flavours to make the most out of this exciting position The Bread Crumbs: Orcinus Recruit Limited is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. In accordance and compliance with the “Asylum and Immigration act ****” all applicants applying for the above position will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to live and work in the United Kingdom. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ChefdePartieInternationallyRecognisedHotelMultiAwards_job****