Title: Sales Manager Leisure Venue  ****k plus Benefits
Webindex: 68292441
Company: Blue Arrow Birmingham
Description: This busy and well known Leisure brand with a contemporary and stylish concept, located in a busy part of South Yorkshire and is recruiting an experienced Business Development Sales Manager. Within one of the regions leading event and Sports venue, my client offers fantastic opportunities to work in the vibrant, fastmoving and everchanging events and hospitality industry. You will be expected to deliver the highest standards of customer service and With no two days ever the same, we are looking for a motivated person who enjoys and thrives on a new and exciting challenge and are passionate about being the best in their field. What`s it all about? In this exciting role, you will be responsible for increasing and maximising revenue by identifying and driving sales from the Local and National markets to attend conferences, private and corporate events and possibly weddings on non Public Event Days ensuring development and growth for new and existing clients is maintained. Person Specification As Business Development Sales Manager, you will have previous and recent sales experience, ideally from a hotel, hospitality or leisure environment, and have a proven track record in managing existing clients and generating new business. The ideal candidate will have excellent communication skills, able to converse at all levels,and ideally but not essential, have an in depth knowledge of the local market and area. A proven experience of developing and maintaining strong client relationships with the ability to achieve results is essential in this role. Benefits In return, we are offering you a competitive salary, excellent opportunities for you to develop & progress your career and other additional company benefits. Contact us Previous applications will not be considered for the role, if you are the ideal candidate then please send your CV to: louise.r.a****lfwal****l****rbluearrow.aptrack.co Blue Arrow is one of the UK`s largest recruitment businesses, dedicated to providing bespoke staffing solutions through a network of specialist branches and onsite locations. For over 50 years, our priority has been to work in partnership with our clients and candidates to secure longterm relationships. Blue Arrow provides an extended range of permanent and temporary recruitment services to a variety of public and private sector clients in the following areas:  Catering and Hospitality  Secretarial and Admin  Driving  Industrial and Manufacturing  Distribution and Warehousing