Title: Food & Beverage Supervisor  De Vere Venues Ltd  Horsley Park
Webindex: 68513481
Company: i resourcer
Description: Food Beverage Supervisor  De Vere Venues Ltd – Horsley Park Horsley Park is set in **** acres of beautiful Surrey Parkland, just a few miles off the M25. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Food and Beverage Supervisor who will be assisting in the operation of an efficient team within budgetary controls. Responsibilities of a Food Beverage Supervisor  Assisting in the operation of an efficient team within budgetary controls.  You will be required to ensure all guests expectations are met during their restaurant experience and you will provide amazing hospitality.  Planning and preparation are key for this role as is the ability to communicate efficiently with the chefs and team members to ensure all service standards are constantly met and exceeded. We are looking for someone with a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. You will be working in a busy environment which requires a consistency in customer service, flexibility and being able to work well under pressure. Previous experience in a similar role is required. Benefits included for a Food Beverage Supervisor 25 days holidays  Bank Holidays Contributory Pension scheme Medical insurance Life assurance Family Friends Discounts within the Group Childcare vouchers We believe in developing our team and creating a workplace where people feel comfortable and happy doing what they do. We offer many diverse training programmes to aid you in your career development. If you are interested in the role of Food and Beverage Supervisor ( Ref FBSup HOR ****) apply now by forwarding your current CV to Lorraine Doe together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space – a forward thinking business with personality creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Horsley Park’s modern Management Centre is a total contrast to the Grand Victorian Style Towers. The venue offers **** meeting rooms, 180 bedrooms, gym and pool. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/FoodBeverageSupervisorDeVereVenuesLtdHorsleyPark_job****