Title: Assistant Manager  Global Coffee Brand  Birmingham New St
Webindex: 69473554
Company: SSP
Description: About SSP  The Food Travel Experts SSP have been delivering world class food and beverage experiences across the globe for more than 60 years. We operate a wide portfolio of owned and franchised food beverage brands in travel and retail locations across 32 countries and employ over **** people  our 'food travel experts' The Role Key Accountabilities As an Assistant Manager of one of our busy Coffee shop outlets, you will take ownership of the store's daily operation and performance, supporting the Store Manager in delivering operational and financial results and high standards in customer service. You will be managing, motivating and developing your team (**** colleagues), recruiting, training and managing performance. Leading by example in a hands on role, you will be an inspiration to your team and a role model for them to develop their skills, demonstrating excellence in coffee (Barista) skills, customer service and commercial awareness. Skills Experience To be successful in this role, you will need to have:  Previous experience of managing a diverse team of people in a similar environment such as a branded coffee shop or branded bakery, with coffee/barista skills and a passion for great coffee.  Knowledge of working within a 'branded' environment and the procedures and structured processes required to maintain brand standards.  Previous experience of having P L financial accountability and exercising the necessary controls required when running a unit  (control of GP, labour, profit etc.) as well as sales and marketing plans to drive revenue.  Demonstrable experience in coaching and developing your team to deliver excellent customer service whilst meeting financial and operational targets. This exciting role is based at Birmingham New St. Life at the station is not '****', so you need to be available to work shifts which can include evenings / earlies and weekends depending on the needs of the business. Local Site Brand Information This role is based at Birmingham New St station where we have a range of other food and beverage outlets. Whilst being an SSP employee, you will be managing the popular 'Starbucks' brand, famous for it's quality coffee and providing excellent customer experiences every day. Benefits Incentives In return for your skills and experience, we offer you a rewarding and vibrant working environment, real and achievable career opportunities and excellent training and development to enhance your existing skills. You'll receive a competitive salary and bonus incentive (up to 15% of your salary on achievement of KPI's / objectives), pension scheme, 28 days holiday, life assurance, free meal on duty, discounts off SSP brands and numerous other retailers and services, child care vouchers, cycle to work scheme and lots of opportunities to develop your career in to different brands or more senior management Please note  when you click 'Apply Now'you will be transferred to our talent management system where you will be asked to complete your details and upload your CV. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerGlobalCoffeeBrandBirminghamNewSt_job****