Title: Conference and Events Sales Executive  Hilton Reading hotel
Webindex: 71528771
Company: Hilton UK & Ireland
Description: A Conference Events (C E) Sales Executive withHilton Worldwide will support sales administration needs for hotel events and work closely with customers to determine their needs and build repeat and expanded business. What will it be like to work for this Hilton Brand?With more thousands of hotels in more than 80 countries, Hilton Worldwide offers countless opportunities to delight. From an open door to a welcoming smile and an exceptional experience, we offer the millions of travelers who stay with us every year a welcome they will never forget. If you understand the importance of a proper welcome and know how to offer an exceptional hospitality experience, you may be just the person we are looking for to work as a Team Member with Hilton Worldwide. Because it’s with Hilton Worldwide where we never forget the reason we're here: to delight our guests, Team Members, and owners alike. We're Hilton Worldwide. Welcome.What will I be doing? As C E Sales Executive, you will support sales administration needs for hotel events and work closely with customers to determine their needs and build repeat and expanded business. The C E Sales Administrator will also work closely with the Sales function to contribute to strategy and promotional activities. Specifically, a C E Sales Administrator will perform the following tasks to the highest standards: Maximize rooms, groups, conference and events revenue through proactive selling and commercial management techniques Convert customer enquiries into confirmed sales Contribute to the strategy and planning activities of the Sales function Develop future and repeat business, contributing to the profitability of the Hotel Handle all customer enquiries with a professional telephone manner and demonstrate high standards of customer service Develop and expand current existing accounts, focusing on achieving repeat business and upselling opportunities Seek proactive opportunities to increase sales and conversions within the Team Focus on a consistently executed upselling approach Build strong relationships with customers to fully understand their needs Arrange and carry out Hotel show rounds Ensure the complete administration and execution of all planned events Participate in hotel promotional activities What are we looking for? A C E Sales Executive serving Hilton Worldwide Brand hotels and vacations are always working on behalf of our Guests and working with other Team Members. To successfully fill this role, you should maintain the attitude, behaviors, skills, and values that follow: Good organisational and administration skills Positive attitude and good communication skills Commitment to delivering a high level of customer service Confident telephone manner High level of IT skills Excellent grooming standards Demonstrated previous experience working in the Conference Events function, a plus What benefits will I receive? Your benefits will include a competitive starting salary and holiday entitlement. As an employee you will become a member of the The Hilton Club which provides reduced hotel room rates in our hotels worldwide, plus discounts on products and services offered by Hilton Worldwide and its partners. We look forward to explaining in detail the range of excellent benefits that you would expect from a global hotel organization like Hilton Worldwide which provides reduced hotel room rates in our hotels worldwide, plus discounts on products and services offered by Hilton Worldwide and its partners. Learn more now about Hilton Worldwide  offering an open door, a welcoming smile, and an exceptional experience. Reached a total of 29 million Hilton HHonors members — with 2.5 million members joining in 2010 alone One of the largest hospitality companies in the U.S. by number of rooms Developing one of the largest pipelines in our history and in the industry  with a special commitment to global expansion First major hospitality company to require sustainability measurement as a brand standard. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ConferenceandEventsSalesExecutiveHiltonReadinghotel_job****