Title: Assistant Manager  Oxford
Webindex: 67392792
Company: Nicholson s
Description: Working at Nicholson s Great British city and town centre pubs. We love em. If you share our passion for real ale, hearty food and a friendly welcome, we ve got the perfect job for you. City alehouses packed with character Come to work in one of our friendly, traditional city or town centre pubs and you ll learn all you need to know about real ales, traditional pub food and the timeless British pub atmosphere. It s a combination that s been loved by shoppers, workers and tourists alike since our first pub opened in **** so you ll be learning timeless skills that are as valuable as ever. Welcome to Nicholson s Eagle Child, Oxford Nicholson s Eagle Child is special because it is one of the most famous Oxford pubs, the Eagle Child was the pub used by C.S.Lewis, J.R.R.Tolkein et al. for many years, and also a haunt of DCI. E. Morse. Located just outside of the main city centre within a short stroll of Cornmarket Street, Oxford University and St Johns College. It is a business that people wish to visit when coming to Oxford. As Assistant Manager at a Nicholson s pub you ll be helping to run a superb town centre pub that s dripping both with character and with the foaming real ale from our handpumps. People come here for a taste of tradition, from the beer to our wonderful pies and sausages. If that s all meat and drink to you, you might just be right for us What you ll do in this role Our Nicholson s pubs simply exude warmth and character. So, as Assistant Manager you ll need some character yourself With a strong personality to help train, manage and mould the team under you. All this together with the sort of engaging manner that invites your customers to come back again and again. As Assistant Manager, you ll be ensuring that standards of food and service are consistently excellent You ll be responsible for training and inspiring a large team First and last impressions count and it ll be your job to ensure that customers leave with the right one You ll be taking your first step on a management career ladder that s limited only by your ambition You ll be joining our awardwinning Assistant Manager Programme What will make you perfect for the job? Ideally six months experience in a high volume pub, bar or restaurant A handson approach so you can really lead by example You ll be a real people person who s great at customer service A passion for great food and drink The ambition to be a great manager of the future What we offer Contributory pension scheme Assistant Manager Bonus Scheme Earn up to **** per annum Private healthcare Structured training programme 25 days holiday Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.