Title: Deputy Manager  Leeds
Webindex: 66670108
Company: Browns
Description: Working at Browns The vacancies in our brasserie bars offer the opportunity to prepare classic seasonal food or signature cocktails in one of our unique landmark buildings. If you think going out for a drink or meal should be something of an occasion, that s exactly what we ve built our brand around Classic food in stylish surroundings From a stunning Mayfair exgentlemen s club to the beautiful old city museum in Bristol, you ll struggle to find more distinctive workplaces. Popular with customers in cities across the country, our brand is a household name you ll be proud to be a part of. Welcome to Browns Leeds Browns Leeds is special because it Situated in the stunning setting of the **** s banking hall of the former Leeds Permanent Building Society the large cosmopolitan restaurant and bar boasts a relaxed and friendly atmosphere and is the perfect place to wine and dine whilst watching the world go by. Browns is renowned for its amazing d cor. But it s even more famous for what decorates its plates. In fact, at Browns, the elegant scene and innovative cuisine combine to create a unique experience for that special occasion. There s something very special about the atmosphere at Browns and as Deputy Manager, it ll be your job to create it. What you ll do in this role As Deputy Manager, you ll be working in a team with the General Manager and helping to train, inspire and develop the team both front and back of house. Just as importantly, as Deputy Manager it will be your responsibility to ensure that happy customers leave filled, fulfilled and looking forward to the next very special occasion with us. As Deputy Manager, you ll be ensuring that standards of food and service are consistently excellent You ll be responsible for training and inspiring a large team First and last impressions count and it ll be your job to ensure that customers leave with the right one You ll be taking your first step on a management career ladder that s limited only by your ambition You ll be joining our awardwinning Deputy Manager Programme What will make you perfect for the job? Ideally six months experience in a high volume pub, bar or restaurant A handson approach so you can really lead by example You ll be a real people person who s great at customer service A passion for great food and drink The ambition to be a great manager of the future Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. What we offer Contributory pension scheme Deputy Manager Bonus Scheme Earn up to **** per annum Private healthcare Structured training programme 25 days holiday Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.