Title: Maitre D
Webindex: 69896208
Company: Ellis Mack
Description: The Role: Maitre D. High End, Fine Dining Restaurant Location: Edinburgh Package: c. ****k  gratuities Ellis Mack Recruitment is working with a fabulous Edinburgh City Centre, Fine Dining Restaurant Operator looking to recruit a high quality, standards driven, Maitre D for its highly accredited fine dining Restaurant. Responsibilities include:  The consistent and continuous delivery of a fabulous guest experience at all times.  Being an ambassador for the Restaurant  Managing the team of Restaurant servers.  HR responsibilities including recruitment, training and development, appraisals of all staff.  Daily Stock Control and full weekly audit.  Daily and weekly reconciliation of sales/ end of week/ payroll.  working with Chef on menu design  taking control of the Events  Marketing of the Restaurant including update of Website Social media – selling the PDR and designing Events to enhance further the excellent profile and reputation of the Restaurant. The ideal candidate will:  Have experience at Maitre D / Assistant Manager level or above in Fine Dining Restaurants and have worked in Michelin Star or Multi Rosette Restaurants.  Possess a passion and knowledge for food wine culture.  have an unwavering focus on the delivery of guest experience at all times.  Be driven and focussed on first class standards across every aspect of the operation.  Have shown loyalty and longevity throughout their career.  Have excellent planning and organisational skills.  Have excellent personal presentation and be consummately professional at all times. Future projects and personal development within this organisation add to the attractiveness of this opportunity. All the company’s portfolio of businesses are highend, quality operations. To apply for this role please email your CV to simon.wrightellismack.co.uk REF: SW**** Ellis Mack Recruitment is operating as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/MaitreD_job****