Title: General Manager Designate
Webindex: 68292109
Company: Sizzling Pub Co.
Description: General Manager Designate Business: Sizzling Pub Co.  Yorkshire and Humberside Location: Yorkshire and Humberside Brand: Sizzling Pubs Salary: ****  **** Live In: Working at Sizzling Pubs Do you love to be at the heart of the community, serving locals and regulars the food and drink they love? Then the vacancies at these friendly pubs will suit you down to the ground. Sizzling platters. Sizzling value. A Sizzling Pub provides the cheerful drinks, tasty food and colourful characters that make working days whizz by. It s lively work, with regular events, a varied menu, food sizzling on piping hot iron skillets and lots of smiling families. So if you re looking to bring some fun to your working life, look no further www.sizzlingpubs.co.uk Welcome to Sizzling Pubs Due to the continuing growth of the Sizzling Pubs brand we are looking to recruit a General Manager Designate for East Yorkshire coveringHull,Grimsby, Cleethorpes andScunthorpe. This is a superb opportunity for an experienced Manager who wants to change industries or companies and benefit from an extended **** month structured induction period to drive knowledge and skill within Sizzling Pubs. At the end of this three month position you will be appointed to the position of General Manager within your own business. The General Manager Designate is a position where you will work with our best practice managers across the district so access to your own transport will be essential. You will have strong organisational abilities and be experienced in the day to day skills of running a high volume customer facing business. You will also be experienced in effectively managing a team of individuals in producing consistent, high quality food and drinks in accordance with brand specifications. If you like the sound of this role, apply now. At Sizzling Pubs we re famous for our sizzling skillets loaded with all sorts of delicious things from fajitas to juicy prime steaks. But our skillets aren t the only things that keep our customers coming back for more. There s our delicious meaty burgers, our gorgeous gammon hock, even our super mega sundaes. What you ll do in this role If your career feels like it s fizzling out, a job as General Manager Designate here will put the sizzle back in You ll be burning up the miles too travelling around all our outlets in the area. It s all designed to give you a real feel for our culture and our high volume management needs before you move from General Manager Designate to taking on your own pub. As General Manager Designate, you ll spend time at a number of our sites learning about all aspects of our business You ll also be taking on managerial responsibilities working alongside the General Manager This will give you plenty of opportunity to show what you can do After training as General Manager Designate, you may be made Holding Manager for a period before progressing to a fullyfledged General Manager s role Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. What will make you perfect for the job? At least 2 years management experience Determination to become a great manager Commitment, passion and a real desire to succeed A charismatic fun personality that s infectious for customers and staff alike Being flexible enough to be prepared to work at a number of different locations in the region Access to a car What we offer Highly competitive salary Generous benefits package Quality training 5 weeks paid holiday Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.