Title: Head Chef New Openin French Brasserie Brand Tunbridge Wells
Webindex: 72670347
Company: The Edge Recruitment Ltd
Description: This is a top end exclusive restaurant group that is due to hit the Tunbridge Wellsrestaurant scene with a bang The opening has created a fantastic opportunity for a quality Head Chef. With a growing restaurant portfolio, this group is very much on the up and taking the country by storm. The restaurant will open in a prime Tunbridge Wellslocation. Set in a French brasserie style, there aren t many restaurant businesses out there that will be able to compete when it comes to food quality and price. As the Head Chef for the Tunbridge Wellsrestaurant you will work drive and develop your team to make sure only the most amazing food leaves your kitchen As the Head Chef of the Tunbridge Wells restaurant you will work tightly with your team, ensuring they prepare and produce dishes. As Head Chef you will develop your brigade of chefs to make sure that brand standards are met. You will run busy shifts and ensure service runs smoothly so that all dishes leave the kitchen to an excellent standard. The Head Chef takes full control of all health and safety in the kitchen working hard to meet the required criteria of all audits. You will make sure the food you produce is the talk of Tunbridge Wells The ingredients required to be the perfect Head Chef of this restaurant include:A genuine passion for the industry, experience of being a Head Chef in a fast paced environment, a person who exudes confidence with team members , the ability to deliver top quality food to a very high standard, harbour a background in the making of fresh cuisine, You will be outgoing and approachable with experience of cooking in a busy, high pressured kitchen. You will have experience of staff training, rotas, financial reporting, stock control and ordering. Experience of working in a renowned restaurant brand is preferred. If you feel you fit the correct criteria for this role, email your CV today Edge Recruitment will work closely with you and prepare you for all interview stages. We understand our clients needs and can therefore ensure your interview experience is a positive one. Edge Recruitment are a professional recruitment consultancy who recruit managers and chefs for renowned restaurant businesses across the UK.