Title: Assistant Manager  Halesowen
Webindex: 71442856
Company: Ember Inns
Description: Working at Ember Inns Do you want to work in the best pub in the local area for meeting, eating and drinking? Then look no further than the vacancies at Ember Inns. We ve got exactly the workplace you re looking for. Great British pub food and fine cask ales Ember Inns offer great quality food and drink pubs in the heart of residential areas. We are particularly famous for our cask ales so there s no better place to master the art of keeping Cask Marque certified real ales. You may also fancy becoming the best quiz master for miles around or learning the skills to prepare and serve delicious, seasonal pub food. Welcome to Ember Inns Royal Oak, Halesowen The Royal Oak is located in a prime position on Manor Lane in Halesowen on the outskirts of Birmingham. It was the first ever Ember Inn and has continued to operate successfully over the last 11 years. We are looking for an Assistant Manager to work with a very experienced Manager and competent team. Ideally you will already be an Assistant Manager or at least have supervisory experience in pubs/restaurants or a retail guest facing environment. This business is has easy access to the motorway **** of the M5 and is on a frequent bus route from Birmingham to Stourbridge. Ember Inns are some of the best real ale pubs in Britain with an unrivalled choice of perfectlykept cask beers and a wide range of other drinks too. But it s not just the ales that are real at Ember Inns. These are real local pubs with delicious real pub food, comfortable sofas, easy chairs, real fires and lots of cosy corners; we are the best place for relaxed conversation and socialising. What you ll do in this role Ember Inns are real grownup pubs. As Assistant Manager, you ll have the chance to develop and mature like a fine cask ale with the prospect of managing your own pub one day. But, for now, as Assistant Manager you ll be helping the General Manager to grow the team and grow the pub s customer base too through the fantastic welcome you provide. As Assistant Manager, you ll be ensuring that standards of food and service are consistently excellent You ll be responsible for training and inspiring a large team First and last impressions count and it ll be your job to ensure that guests leave with the right one You ll be taking your first step on a management career ladder that s limited only by your ambition You ll be joining our awardwinning Assistant Manager Programme What will make you perfect for the job? Ideally six months experience in a high volume pub, bar or restaurant A handson approach so you can really lead by example You ll be a real people person who s great at customer service A passion for great food and drink The ambition to be a great manager of the future Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. What we offer Contributory pension scheme Assistant Manager Bonus Scheme Earn up to **** per annum Private healthcare Structured training programme 25 days holiday Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.