Title: General Manager  Plymouth
Webindex: 66670119
Company: Vintage Inns
Description: Working at Vintage Inns If you value individuality and charm as much as we do, working in a traditional country pub is going to suit you down to the ground. With General Manager vacancies across our cosy rural pubs and restaurants, you can find the perfect environment to make the most of your talents. Country dining with a modern twist Join our team and you ll be part of the warm, relaxed atmosphere you d expect from a country inn with a contemporary flavour, while learning your trade in one of the most stimulating and rewarding environments in the business. What s more every day at work will be in a perfect country retreat Welcome to Vintage Inns in Plymouth The Jack Rabbit, Plymouth is special because it sits on the old road from Plymouth to Tavistock , near to the towns of Derriford and Crownhill and is close to Dartmoor and next to the small local airport. This is a pub with rooms so it's a great base from which to explore Plymouth and the beautiful surrounding countryside. As the General Manager of a Vintage Inn you ll be in charge of one of Britain s finest country pubs. This is a place in the heart of the countryside with cosy interiors retaining wonderful original features, simply dripping with individuality and style. People travel here from miles around for the superb seasonal food and fantastic service, so there ll be no standing still for you and your team What you ll do in this role Your role as a General Manager is to deliver the country pub dream to our guests from the roaring fires in the winter, to the stunning gardens in the summer. It s the little touches that make all the difference flowers on the bar, tea lights on the tables, interesting displays and stylish merchandising. You ll be attracted by the adrenaline rush of managing a busy pub and leading a team of talented individuals. What will make you perfect for the job? A smart business person who focuses on the guest experience and food quality to grow sales and profit Experience of managing a high volume, partial fresh food, full service business Being able to recruit, develop and retain a large team of talented individuals Having the passion and knowledge to talk confidently about fresh food, premium wines and cask ales Being able to intuitively deliver those little touches without needing a brand manual Growing the business by using your initiative to drive local trade, for example, jazz nights, tasting parties or supporting local charities Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. What we offer Attractive salary Generous bonus scheme earn up to 100% of your salary General Manager benefits package A commitment to a quality training programme The potential to enjoy a long and successful career with us Apply for this General Manager position now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.