Title: Back of House Manager
Webindex: 69600202
Company: Forces Recruitment Services
Description: Job summary To ensure all Food Beverage BoH areas and kitchens are cleaned to schedule. To ensure F B have correct operating equipment. To oversee all waste management and recycle where possible. Purpose To provide operational support to Food Beverage and kitchens in order for these departments to deliver outstanding service and products to guests. Applications from suitably qualified exmilitary personnel (Royal Air Force, Royal Navy, British Army, Royal Marines) may be particularly relevant for this position. Main Duties and responsibilities:  To lead a multicultural and diverse team promoting a safe environment whilst engendering openness, fairness and opportunity.  To maintain the highest standards of cleanliness in an orderly manner.  To ensure that all equipment is stored and provided to the various outlets in the highest standard of presentation and in a hygienic manner.  To maintain par stocks of all items, as agreed, and to ensure that breakages are kept to an absolute minimum.  To maintain a tight financial control in all areas with regard to the budget.  To ensure absolute compliance with the legal and hotel requirements with regard to fire, health and safety and with particular reference to hygiene.  To ensure that night cleaning is carried out to the required hotel standard. Other Duties and responsibilities:  Attend Heads of Departments and Banqueting meetings and Food and Beverage Briefings and other meetings as designated by the management of the hotel.  To complete back of house tour with the Food and Beverage Manager on a weekly basis.  To conduct monthly Departmental Meetings with stewarding and staff restaurant.  Ensure that the changing rooms and toilets are checked and replenished as necessary and that they are generally presentable.  Ensure that equipment (in particular linen) is not misused by staff.  Ensure that cleaning materials are not wasted.  Ensure there is no food wastage when clearing trolleys and trays and return to kitchen. Person Specification: The ideal candidate requires strong team leadership experience in the hotel and catering industry or a similar environment, as you will be:  Directly responsible for your department leading a team, including dealing with all people related issues, and the efficient operation of your department.  Ensuring the sufficient resourcing of your department including identifying training and development needs, absence and performance management, coaching and continuous monitoring of department productivity.  Insisting on the highest standards.  Developing and maintaining a strong culture of health and safety practices and initiatives including ensuring Back of House practices are compliant with legislation and policy through monitoring, auditing and reviewing practices.  Demonstrating the ability to make decisions as well as motivating others and influencing work behaviours.  Managing within specified area/s and process improvement through efficiency and change.  Able and willing to work to flexible schedules and commit the time required to get the job done.  Recognised health safety and environmental qualifications. Interested applicants will be expected to complete and return by email a simple application form to which CVs must be pasted. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BackofHouseManager_job****