Title: Quality Kitchen Managers needed in Europe Great Salary
Webindex: 71845967
Company: Catering Services International
Description: Quality Kitchen Managers needed in Europe Great Salaries and benefits Are you looking for a change and like the idea of living and working overseas? Do you have a second language? Our client is currently recruiting Kitchen Managers for thier high volume restaurant concept around Europe. As one of the worlds most renowned employers, they offer fantastic food in a fast paced, customer focused service style. The company is looking to recruit a handson and self motivated Kitchen Manager. The restaurant company offer a benefits and training package which is one of the best in the catering and hospitality sector. Our client offers a unique opportunity and is looking for a talented, ambitious Manager. The Kitchen Manager will be responsible for all aspects of the business. Our multifaceted leaders must possess an entrepreneurial spirit, a high level of intellectual reasoning, a passion to deliver an exceptional atmosphere, and the ability to drive the business forward. You must possess a minimum of three years of experience in a high volume restaurant/entertainment venue. The successful applicant will:  Be flexible, customer focused and enthusiastic.  Be passionate about quality fresh food and flawless customer service.  Have Kitchen management experience within a high volume restaurant business; branded experience would be advantageous but not essential.  Full understanding of cost centres and how to run s an excellent salary package, a bonus potential, career development and ongoing training and development. What Next? If you would like to know more or you would like to apply for this opportunity pick up the phone and call me, Colin McCord , on **** **** **** or simply email me at infocatserv.co.uk . I look forward to hearing from you. We can offer permanent and temporary work to our candidates and we are always looking for good candidates for a variety of roles including Chefs, Management in all disciplines, Housekeepers, Hotel Receptionists and Waiting Staff. Please visit our website for all current vacancies  www.cateringinternational.co.uk Catering Services International acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and as an employment business for the supply of temporary workers.