Title: Chef de Partie  New Head Chef, Michelin Standards, Great Oportunities
Webindex: 70298690
Company: Orcinus Recruit
Description: Position: Chef de Partie  Jersey Icing on the Cake: For this permanent position of Chef de Partie the salary is up to **** and a share of the gratuities with live in. The Recipe: Chef de Partie: A stunning Hotel Restaurant in Jersey which currently holds 1 Michelin Star is currently recruiting a Chef de Partie. Responsibilities for the Chef de Partie role are : The Chef de Partie will run a section smoothly during service Help to produce and create tasty, classical menus from the finest, seasonal, local produce with the Head Chef Organise all prep lists, MisenPlus, ordering for the following days service on the section The Melting Pot: The Island of Jersey is a treasure trove of amazing produce, from oyster farms to Jersey Cows and local fruit and veg farms. It is a Chefs dream to work with this produce and most hotels on the Island utilise this amazing opportunity to its maximum. We are currently recruiting a Chef de Partie for a Hotel Restaurant which holds a 1 Michelin Star status and are passionate about promoting the produce Jersey has to offer. With a new Head Chef who has a Michelin background, this brings fresh ideas and a fresh team to continue the success of the Restaurant. The Head Chef is open to ideas and encourages free thinking when designing menus and dishes. This has to be one of the best opportunities the Islands have to offer at this time. Essential Elements: This is an awesome opportunity for a Demi Chef de Partie looking for a step up into a position offering the chance to work with some of the best produce in the South of England. Confidence running a section, with the ability to run it smoothly A motivated team player Experience in a minimum of a **** Rosette environment essential The Bread Crumbs: Orcinus Recruit Limited is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. In accordance and compliance with the “Asylum and Immigration act ****” all applicants applying for the above position will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to live and work in the United Kingdom.