Title: Lively Assistant Manager Wanted  Flagship Bar/Restaurant City, EC****
Webindex: 67379029
Company: PTHR International Restaurants & Bars
Description: Outgoing, polished personable Assistant Manager or Senior Assistant Manager wanted for Mon  Fri role Assistant Manager or Senior Assistant Manager telephone Interviews now being done  Apply now Assistant Manager  City, London  Client Details When our client opened it’s first Bar venue, it did so with the simple belief that classic food well mixed drinks delivered in a stylish environment would be a recipe for success. They are continuing to open in new landmark locations using exactly the same recipe for success. Everyone who visits their venues notices the bustling but laid back and friendly atmosphere which makes each visit so enjoyable. The Assistant Manager's create an unpretentious atmosphere which is somewhere you can take time out to sit, chat, eat and drink, or just watch the world go by. A classic, freshly prepared menu, unique wine list and exciting selection of cocktails continue to be trademarks of excellence. There is a commitment to serving high quality food and drink with everything prepared to the highest standards by skilled and dedicated staff. Assistant Manager  City, London  Role Requirements As Assistant manager you will support the General Manager in the day to day running of the bar and restaurant. Recruitment of new staff, initial and ongoing training, and the quality of product and service provided are all key to your success. You will actively manage shifts on a daily basis and we see this role as an important stepping stone to becoming a General Manager. You will be involved in all aspects of the business, and want to learn new skills and approaches to the business. You will learn all aspects of stock control P L management and be developed into a future manager.You will receive help and support in every way if you aspire to being a General Manager. Assistant Manager  City, London Required Experience We are looking for the brightest young stars out there with a strong branded restaurant/bar background. What you don’t have in experience you will more than make up for in enthusiasm and ambition. You will be committed to driving the business forward. Combining talent and personality you will know instinctively how to build the relationships that will strengthen and build the business. Your personality must shine; you will be bubbly and energetic, you’re a natural winner. You must thrive in a busy fast paced environment. In return you will receive a generous salary and benefits. Assistant Manager  City, London Remuneration Salary ****K plus a bonus scheme based on the performance. Eligibillity  Assistant Manager  City, London  All applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/LivelyAssistantManagerWantedFlagshipBarRestaurantCityEC****_job****