Title: Tearoom Assistant (Part Time) SEA263  Mompesson House
Webindex: 70589294
Company: National Trust
Description: About the role Great food doesn’t simply appear. And outstanding service doesn’t happen by accident. It’s dedicated, hardworking, conscientious people that make a good experience an unforgettable National Trust one. People like you. Joining the team here at our popular tea room at Mompesson House, you’ll serve our customers and ensure all areas are clean and tidy. Whether it’s a light lunch, a homebaked cake or a refreshing, hitsthespot cup of tea, you’ll make sure everything’s looking good and properly priced. Yes, it can be hard work, with lots of customers to serve, but that’s the beauty of working in a great team: you’re never on your own and there’s always someone to turn to for support. About you You don’t enjoy standing around, and you’d much rather be busy than bored. You also share our love of food, and you enjoy nothing more than empty plates and happy faces. You’ll always have a smile for our customers, and nothing’s ever too much trouble. If you’ve worked in a kitchen or catering team before, that’s great, and you’d ideally have a Basic Food Hygiene Certificate (though full training will be provided). But for us, it’s more important that you have bags of enthusiasm and a willingness to get involved. Incredibly rewarding You can look forward to 25 days’ holiday (pro rata for parttime), as well as free admission to all our incredible places, and a helpful 20% off at our shops, cafes and restaurants. But they’re just the benefits we can tell you about here. About us We love great food here at the National Trust. You’ll see it in the produce we grow. In the fresh, local, seasonal ingredients we use. In the smiles on our faces – not to mention the special places we work in, places like Mompesson House. For any informal enquiries please telephone **** **** Committed to equal opportunities. Registered charity number **** To apply: Please visit our website nationaltrustjobs.org.uk and search for ‘Seasonal Vacancies’