Title: Deputy Manager  food led pub in Colwyn Bay
Webindex: 71659619
Company: Brunning and Price
Description: Deputy Manager  food led pub restaurant in Colwyn Bay Brunning and Price Pen y Bryn in Upper Colwyn Bay is a classic food led pub restaurant with an enviable reputation for good fresh food. Inside, you ll find lovely oak floors, open fires, bookcases and old furniture with around **** covers. Outside you ll find a stunning garden and terrace with panoramic views out over the sea and the Great Orme and space for around **** covers which of course is highly popular when the sun is shining. Our menu has a spine of freshly prepared, classic British dishes, complemented by some more exotic influences from other parts of the world: in other words, modern British cookery. Our passion lies in finding quality ingredients and preparing, cooking and presenting them in a modern but unpretentious way. Due to an internal promotion, we re looking for an experienced Deputy Manager to join the management crew. As a Deputy Manager you are a key member of the pub management team and will be expected to support the manager as the ‘right hand person in all aspects of sharing responsibility for the day to day running of the pub. You will also assume responsibility for the pub when the manager is not on the premises with the help of the rest of the management team. Helping to run a Brunning and Price pub is a multifacetted career: you ll need to be a real foodie; have a real passion for decent beer and wine; enjoy looking after others and help build and direct a happy crew. The role will therefore be very handson and extremely varied encompassing people management, food and drink, customer service, pub maintenance and day to day financial administration. It sounds like a tall order, but in truth we are able to offer a lot of support, and at the end of the day the most important quality we look for in all our people is strength of personality. We like fun characters who set the bar high and have an eye for detail. We ll reward you with a salary package around ****K to ****K and you ll be part of a successful, growing company who have been awarded Pub Group of the Year on five occasions. To explore the possibilities of joining our crew, email your CV and covering letter telling us a bit about yourself and what makes you tick to janbrunningandprice.co.uk