Title: EDC Restaurant Assistant Manager
Webindex: 67392535
Company: Moto
Description: Eat Drink Co. is Moto s own brand of free flow restaurant offering the best choice of meals on the motorway network. It offers freshly cooked food including a great choice of breakfasts, traditional hot meals and a selection of healthy, vegetarian and kid s meal options. As the Assistant Department Manager of EDC Restaurant your role is to support the Department Manager to ensure that the whole team are focussed on driving sales, driving Operational standards, ensuring brand compliance and to support the Manager to develop the team and to deliver budgeted profit. You will also create a culture of service and sales, inspiring your team to deliver the highest levels of customer service. You will be part of the site management team and be involved in a range of management duties as delegated to you by your Manager. You will need to ensure that all supervisors and team members in the departments are aware of the required brand standards at all time and to monitor day to day operating performance. You will also be involved in all aspects of communication within your team you will get involved in team briefings and appraisals. All of our managers will champion customer service, create a culture of service and sales and lead by example. That s why this is a great development opportunity and ideal career move. In order to be considered for this post you will ideally have strong experience in the following areas: High level of customer service To be committed to the team spirit and harmony Able to work in a fast paced work environment Experience of working with a wellknown brand Proven experience of leading and motivating a team in a catering environment Employed by Moto, you will work closely with the site management team, along with our Head Office Support Functions. In return we'll give you all the training and support you need, plus generous benefits and exceptional career opportunities. So come and enjoy the journey with us