Title: Chef de Partie  Malmaison Aberdeen  ********K including service charge
Webindex: 69183361
Company: Malmaison and Hotel du Vin
Description: Malmaison are one of Europe s leading hotel brands gaining a reputation for being at the cutting edge of hospitality today. We have always believed in delivering hospitality in a different way. We select our people from all walks of life but with one common thread, a desire to succeed in life through hard work, loyalty, enthusiasm and respect for their colleagues. We are growing in size and are in the search for the best talented people on the market, if you have these attributes and they are in your heart then we would love to hear from you. The role involves taking responsibility for the delivery of a high standard of food to our guests. You will be required to develop the commis chefs and as part of the role you will be expected to maintain standards of food hygiene and health and safety. Chef de Partie: You will have the opportunity to move around all sections of the kitchen in this role. Our menus include a la carte, daily specials and our dishes allow us the opportunity to showcase some of the best local food producers who share our passion for great local and seasonal products. Chef de Parties must be passionate about food and delivering amazing hospitality to our guests. Experience in a similar position is necessary and we are looking for commitment and dedication. We are offering a competitive salary of ****K including service charge and an award winning benefit package including  Range of flexible benefits including life insurance. A contributory pension scheme. Childcare scheme. Employee assistance scheme. 31 days holiday per annum. Chef whites provided and laundered Company discounts including staff rates and major high street discounts. We also offer award winning training and development programmes including the AAA qualification for those who would like to take a step up the career ladder. We are a company continually evolving, developing and growing. A company full of opportunities.