Title: Food & Beverage Assistant  National Trust Stowe
Webindex: 72144354
Company: National Trust
Description: About the role Great food doesn’t simply appear. And outstanding service doesn’t happen by accident. It’s dedicated, hardworking, conscientious people that make a good experience an unforgettable National Trust one. People like you. Joining the team here at our popular restaurant at Stowe, you’ll prepare food and serve our customers. Whether it’s a hot meal, a homebaked cake or a refreshing, hitsthespot cup of tea, you’ll make sure everything’s looking good and properly priced. Yes, it can be hard work, with lots of customers to serve, but that’s the beauty of working in a great team: you’re never on your own and there’s always someone to turn to for support. We also appreciate that you have a life outside of work, so we don’t do split shifts here. This means that as well as enjoying a rewarding job, you’ll have an altogether better worklife balance. It’s about more than just going the extra mile but really believing in it. Every day, everything that you do will help to wow your colleagues and create a truly unforgettable experience for our visitors. In this role, weekend and Bank Holiday working is required within a rota pattern. Occasional evenings may be required to support events and functions. About you You don’t enjoy standing around, and you’d much rather be busy than bored. You also share our love of food, and you enjoy nothing more than empty plates and happy faces. You’ll always have a smile for our customers, and nothing’s ever too much trouble. If you’ve worked in a kitchen or catering team before, that’s great, and you’d ideally have a Level 2 Food Hygiene Certificate. But for us, it’s more important that you have bags of enthusiasm and a willingness to get involved. If training’s your cup of tea, you can have as much as you like. It could be that you want to build up your people skills, or learn about how things like stock and portion control and its impact on profit. The amount of training, and what you’d like to be trained in, is completely up to you. Due to the rural location of the property and minimal public transport links, access to your own transport is required. Incredibly rewarding From amazing places to helpful colleagues to great benefits, we want work to be a pleasure. As well as giving you free admission to all our incredible places (that’s you and your family), you’ll enjoy a helpful 20% off at our shops, cafes and restaurants, 25 days’ holiday (pro rata for parttime), pension scheme and flexible working. There’s also MY Discounts, a brilliant scheme that gives you exclusive discounts with hundreds of retailers and big brands. But they’re just the benefits we can tell you about here. About us We love great food here at the National Trust. You’ll see it in the produce we grow. In the fresh, local, seasonal ingredients we use. In the smiles on our faces – not to mention the special places we work in, places like Stowe. Apply Treat yourself to a better job. To apply, please visit nationaltrustjobs.org.uk and search using reference IRC****