Title: Kitchen Manager  West End
Webindex: 71275564
Company: Pret A Manger
Description: Kitchen Manager  West End Pret is growing, one shop at a time (no rush), we’re always looking for good Assistant Managers (Kitchen). They’re the lifeblood of our company. They have made us successful. Pret managers are often the envy of the retail world. They are responsible for building and leading a proud and professional team. They support their team to deliver a wonderful customer experience, creating a relaxed, comfortable environment for our eatin customers and fast, efficient service for those wanting to takeout. They challenge, motivate, coach and graduate their team to fulfill their potential (72% of Team Members have gone on to be Managers). Good Jobs for Good People So what’s it like to be an Assistant Manager (Kitchen) at Pret? Well, to start with, we believe a manager’s role is to lead, not just manage the daytoday stuff. We want you to shine and use your personality to create an exciting shop environment. Extensive management experience within a food or retail environment The ability to lead teams, establish a compelling way forward and be results focused Ensure the quality of ‘made to sell’ (MTS) food and ingredients is ‘Pret Perfect’ Ensure the kitchen delivers amazing service to the Front of House and our delivery customers Control production to ensure the right product at the right time The ability to communicate clearly, sensitively and with conviction The ability to cope well with pressure, use initiative and effectively prioritise workloads The ability to identify and realise potential within a team The ability to use feedback effectively, to enhance their own and their teams performance A genuine passion for food, people and standards Enthusiasm and the ability to create a sense of fun and motivate a team In exchange for your passion and commitment we offer A bonus up to 20% of salary (average salary for Assistant Managers is ****) 33 days holiday a year (including Bank Holidays) Private health care Life assurance Free lunch 50% off all products Employee referral scheme Season ticket loan Outstanding training development opportunities Great Parties If you’ve got a passion to be part of a fresh, vibrant company then apply now. If we like what we see from your CV, we’ll be in touch and invite you along for a chat (over a coffee, naturally). This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/KitchenManagerWestEnd_job****