Title: Training Administrator  De Vere Venues Ltd  Harben
Webindex: 68233615
Company: i resourcer
Description: Training Administrator  De Vere Venues Ltd (In partnership with Mercedes Benz UK) De Vere Venues in Partnership with the Mercedes Benz UK Training Centre, based in Milton Keynes, have a fantastic opportunity for a Training Administrator. The role provides a full range of administrative support to our Training and Development delivery teams based on site. The centre is nonresidential and is open Monday to Friday from 8.30am – 6.00pm. Responsibilities of a Training Administrator Working very closely with the Centre Manager, Brand Training Specialist or Technical Team Leaders to administer training course bookings, using the appropriate systems and processes to maximise course utilisation, revenue generation and waitlist management. To participate in proactive sales campaigns where necessary in order to capture attendees and maximise course numbers. To assist in the scheduling of the annual training programmes and facilitate provision of delivery requirements. To maintain the training records/history within the Learning Management System as accurately as possible. Provide cover for the Front of House team within a shift rota, and upon request. Benefits included for a Training Administrator:  25 days holidays plus bank holidays  Private Medical Insurance Scheme  Contributory Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers The ideal candidate will have excellent customer focus and communication skills and high attention to detail. Previous experience working within an administration role and high IT literacy skills are essential. If you are interested in the role of Training Administrator (Ref TRA AD ****) apply now by forwarding your current CV to Erica Livermore together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space – a forward thinking business with personality creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/TrainingAdministratorDeVereVenuesLtdHarben_job****