Title: HEAD CHEF  FOODLED GASTRO PUB
Webindex: 69989374
Company: Detail2Leisure
Description: Fantastic opportunity for a Head Chef working for this leading branded gastro pub chain. Although branded, each site has an independent feel with a strong emphasis on desirable surroundings creating an ideal family environment. The ideal candidate would be someone looking for their first appointment as Head Chef, stepping up into the role managing a small team or someone with experience in the role, looking for a new challenge. The Company: Our client is one of the UK's leading operators of managed pubs, bars and restaurants offering eating, drinking and entertainment for their customers in over **** outlets. They are one of the great names in licensed retailing and were at the forefront of the creation of the British pub restaurants we know today. This brand offers desirable surroundings making them the best pub restaurant for comfortable and relaxed conversation. It is a highly regarded brand throughout the sector and is synonymous with quality and service. Part of the appeal is the menu of old favorites with a few contemporary twists with the emphasis on freshly prepared food. Job Role  Head Chef  FoodLed Gastro Pub: The role of the Head Chef involves the daytoday running of the kitchen, leading by example and driving the business forward. You will adhere to company standards and procedures, motivating and developing your team. The role offers the successful applicant the opportunity to be at the forefront of leading this prestigious brand forward in its continuing development. Key Attributes  Head Chef  FoodLed Gastro Pub: Similar experience is essential, ideally from a branded restaurant / foodled pub environment. Qualifications are an advantage. Ambition to continually drive the business forward. Excellent team player and leader. Key management and development skills. Good financial understanding. Due to excellent inhouse training, our client is committed to fulfilling career development to suit the individual's needs. Detail****Leisure is a division of Detail **** Group Limited and acts as an employment agency. We are the chosen recruitment partner for many of the UK's leading hospitality leisure companies. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HEADCHEFFOODLEDGASTROPUB_job****