Title: Kitchen/Production Manager
Webindex: 70806264
Company: SSP UK   Food Travel Experts 
Description: We are looking for a Kitchen/ Production Manager for the Production Kitchen at Manchester Airport Terminal**** covering our branded units. The Role Key Accountabilities As Unit Manager for the Food Production Unit at Manchester Airport, you will be responsible for the production of bread products and other food items sold in **** of our branded retail catering outlets. This is an entirely 'back of house' role working with your internal customers to provide fantastic products to sell to our customers. The food items being produced include sandwiches, salads, pasties and some other new items, due to be launched soon You will have full ownership of the Production Kitchens performance and be responsible for delivering operational and financial results and high standards in customer service. You will also be responsible for managing, motivating and developing your team, recruiting, training and managing performance. It's as close to running your own business as you can get but with the advantage of having the support of a worldwide organisation. Skills Experience To be successful in this role, you will need to have experience of successfully managing a production kitchen environment with set standards and operating procedures. You will be commercially aware with good planning and analysis skills, able to manage a P L and have a proven track record of financial results. You will have managed a team and have examples of motivating and developing your people, managing their performance where necessary and improving individual and overall team performance. You will also be able to demonstrate competent management of brand, or company standards, having good audit and/or mystery shopper results to show for it You should also be used to working varied hours, with some early starts and late finishes. (Trading hours are twentyfour/seven). Local Site Brand Information This role is based at Manchester Airport Terminal ****  a very busy environment where we operate a large number and variety of successful brands from our portfoliio. Own transport also ideal due to 24 hour operation. Please note all successful candidates are required to provide a full ****year reference history or back to school leaving whichever is the shorter and undergo a Criminal Record Check to comply with Airport Security regulations. Benefits Incentives In return for your skills and experience, we offer you a rewarding and vibrant working environment, real and achievable career opportunities and excellent training and development to enhance your existing skills. You'll recieve a salary up to ****k and bonus incentive (up to 15% of your salary on achievement of KPI objectives), pension scheme, 28 days holiday, life assurance, free meal on duty, discounts off SSP brands and numerous other retailers and services, child care vouchers, cycle to work scheme and lots of opportunities to develop your career in to different brands or more senior management. When you click to apply, please be aware that you will transfer through to our talent management system where you will be asked to complete some forms and upload your CV. Method of apply: Email Submission Email Address: