Title: Sales Manager, luxury Cotswold hotel
Webindex: 68101386
Company: Berkeley Scott
Description: We are recruiting for an enthusiastic and driven sales professional to join this award winning luxury country hotel. This property has gained national recognition for its outstanding quality and amazing service. Located in the Cotswolds this property is a popular destination for weekend breaks but also has a great reputation locally for its fantastic food operation, offering both a pub and more formal dining outlets. The hotel caters for a wide variety of bespoke events, and is strong with leisure clients and also has a loyal number of corporate clients who love the personal service and luxurious surroundings. Job Description As Sales Manager you will be accountable for driving business across all areas of the property, rooms, corporate, leisure, events and spa. You will generate your own leads and develop existing clients and rekindle any lost relationships. You will attend client visits, trade shows and networking events, hold FAM trips and promote the venue at any opportunity on a face to face basis. You will work to achieving revenue targets, generating business growth and also ensure repeat business through delivery of exceptional service levels and ongoing client contact. Required Experience We are looking for candidates who have previous experience within sales or events within a hotel environment. You must be proven in proactive sales, confident and experienced in face to face meetings and presentations. We are looking for candidates with plenty of enthusiasm, passion and drive with a good grounding within the hospitality, sales industry. You must be well presented and able to confidently represent and promote a **** star luxury operation. Personality and presence are hugely important, along with a good grounding and proven abilities within a sales based role. along with a basic salary there will be a great incentive programme. In order to ensure your enquiry with regards to this position is dealt with quickly, please send in an uptodate copy of your Curriculum Vitae in a Word Document format. If this role does not fully match your needs please visit our website, www.berkeleyscott.co.uk for similar opportunitiesBerkeley Scott is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.