Title: Catering Assistant (Part Time) SEA****  Goddards Garden
Webindex: 70589303
Company: National Trust
Description: About the role Great food doesn’t simply appear. And outstanding service doesn’t happen by accident. It’s dedicated, hardworking, conscientious people that make a good experience an unforgettable National Trust one. People like you. Joining the team here at our popular tearoom at Goddards Garden, you’ll prepare food and serve our customers. Whether it’s a hot meal, a homebaked cake or a refreshing, hitsthespot cup of tea, you’ll make sure everything’s looking good and properly priced. Yes, it can be hard work, with lots of customers to serve, but that’s the beauty of working in a great team: you’re never on your own and there’s always someone to turn to for support. About you You don’t enjoy standing around, and you’d much rather be busy than bored. You also share our love of food, and you enjoy nothing more than empty plates and happy faces. You’ll always have a smile for our customers, and nothing’s ever too much trouble. If you’ve worked in a kitchen or catering team before, that’s great, and you’d ideally have a Basic Food Hygiene Certificate. But for us, it’s more important that you have bags of enthusiasm and a willingness to get involved. Incredibly rewarding From amazing places to helpful colleagues to great benefits, we want work to be a pleasure. As well as giving you free admission to all our incredible places (that’s you and your family), you’ll enjoy a helpful 20% off at our shops, cafes and restaurants, 25 days’ holiday (pro rata for parttime), pension scheme and flexible working. There’s also MY Discounts, a brilliant scheme that gives you exclusive discounts with hundreds of retailers and big brands. But they’re just the benefits we can tell you about here. About us We love great food here at the National Trust. You’ll see it in the produce we grow. In the fresh, local, seasonal ingredients we use. In the smiles on our face – not to mention the special places we work in, places like Goddards Garden. For any informal enquiries please telephone **** **** Committed to equal opportunities. Registered charity number **** To apply: Please visit our website nationaltrustjobs.org.uk and search for ‘Seasonal Vacancies’