Title: Head Chef****bonus sLive InHampshire
Webindex: 71555447
Company: Ideal chef recruitment agency
Description: Head Chef**** bonus sLive InHampshire. Organisation Description: This prestigious, traditional 16th century establishment guarantees a warm and friendly welcome. Boasting some of the finest food in the tranquil Hampshire countryside. Job Description: We are looking for a head chef with AA rosette experience to oversee our small kitchen of **** chefs. This establishment is seeking a head chef with a passion for food to join our professional and creative team. Locally sourced, fresh produce is used at all times creating seasonal and quality classical and modern British gastro food. Duties to include being responsible for food preparation. Ensuring that corporate standards for food quality are consistently met, monitoring and managing product yields and managing waste by kitchen staff. Coordinate and create special food items as required, maintain clean, orderly refrigerators and a clean, orderly kitchen. Ensuring proper clean up after each shift, expedite food orders as necessary, menu planning, training of the junior members of the team, staffing rotas and the general day to day running of the kitchen. Job Requirements: It is essential that the head chef is well experienced, well organised, focussed and driven. This role may be suited to an extremely strong sous chef who is looking to move up. The head chef needs to have proven stability in previous employment and a strong financial knowledge of running a kitchen. The candidate will need to be creative and enthusiastic with a passion and flair for their job, who has excellent cooking and knife skills including butchery. The head chef needs to be a strong team leader who is flexible and a team player who is capable at working at a hard pace in a great atmosphere. Accommodation: Available. In line with the requirements of the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. As part of the recruitment process, you will be asked to provide documented evidence of eligibility