Title: Chef de Partie  Fresh Food Restaurant  Seaside Location
Webindex: 68837478
Company: Orcinus Recruit
Description: The icing on the Cake: For the position of Chef de Partie the salary is up to **** and share of the gratuities. It also offers the chance to be part of a growing team in an establishment which offers fantastic prospects. Chef de Partie The Recipe: The Head Chef is currently recruiting for a Chef de Partie to join his enthusiastic and motivated team. Position: To gain an unusual, although valuable and exciting experience of learning modern cooking techniques yet still being able to stay in touch with the classical roots of cooking Gain valuable skills to progress as a Chef in a Restaurant environment To work on all sections in the kitchen The Melting Pot: Our client is a Restaurant which is part of a larger hotel group, however, run independently by an award winning local chef. This Restaurant has won many local and national awards and being based in Bournemouth near the sea is very focused on producing its menus from locally caught sustainable seafood. Using a variety of cooking techniques from salt baking to water baths this restaurant is at the forefront of modern cooking styles although classical in its cuisine. The restaurant is consistently busy with local clientele and visitors to the area. They can serve up to **** for lunch and **** for dinner with an experienced team dedicated to producing and delivering high standards consistently. Essential Elements: The ideal Chef de Partie will have a solid background in fresh food led kitchens, have always worked with fresh produce, but mostly have the passion and desire to help this property continue its amazing reputation. The Chef de Partie should be confident running a section Able to stay calm under pressure Experience in accolade awarded environment advantageous Due to the location of this property it is recommended the new Chef de Partie has transport. The Bread Crumbs: Orcinus Recruit Limited is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. In accordance and compliance with the “Asylum and Immigration act ****” all applicants applying for the above position will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to live and work in the United Kingdom. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ChefdePartieFreshFoodRestaurantSeasideLocation_job****