Title: Kitchen Manager  Cardiff
Webindex: 69251627
Company: O Neills
Description: Welcome to O Neill s Cardiff O Neill s Cardiff is special because it s one of the largest in the brand. The business has a large bar area, private areas to hire and a secondary trading floor. Its benefits from Sky sports, Music 7 days a week, International rugby at Millennium stadium, and local sport and music events in the surrounding area. This year see s external furniture and presence on a new pedestrian area. Food sales is showing continued growth and now needs a leader to push this further. If you thought O Neill s was just about velvety pints of Guinness and Caffrey s, Magner s magnificent cider and superb Irish whiskeys, think again. Because O Neill s liquid assets are more than matched by the delicious products of its kitchen. With salmon and colcannon fishcakes, juicy Irish steaks and superb black pudding to rival the quality of our liquid black stuff. What you ll do in this role As Kitchen Manager it ll be your responsibility to make sure that the culinary delights that we ve ferried over from Ireland get ferried perfectly from our kitchen. Not only that but, while you re measuring out the ingredients for your dishes, as Kitchen Manager you ll also need to take account, quite literally, of our bean counters back at base As Kitchen Manager, you ll make sure that every dish is sheer perfection as it makes its way from kitchen to table You ll be responsible for training and motivating your staff ensuring a perfect blend in the kitchen You ll be responsible for food stock control and ordering You ll be accountable for the kitchen s financial performance You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding managerial career with us What will make you perfect for the job? Kitchen Manager / team leader experience in a high volume, branded environment A passion for delivering great food and an obsessive attention to detail ensuring that every dish that leaves the kitchen leaves a guest satisfied Leadership qualities with the enthusiasm and charisma to inspire your team Attention to the maintenance of profit margins Strict about conforming to health and hygiene regulations Excellent communication skills Enthusiasm, a strong work ethic and a hunger to learn Minimum level 2 food safety (and preferably higher) What we offer Highly competitive salary Attractive Kitchen Manager bonus package up to ****k Opportunity to join a defined contribution pension scheme 5 weeks paid holiday Other lifestyleflexible benefits Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.