Title: Customer Service Manager  FM Services
Webindex: 68093867
Company: OCS Group  Ltd
Description: Manager Customer Services for Facilities Services. Your main aim will be to supervise the delivery of Soft FM services to a key corporate client site. You will use your significant knowledge of multi stream soft service delivery and your excellent organisational skills to ensure a high quality service is consistently delivered. Specifically you will: Liaise with operational teams and building users to ensure all services including cleaning, waste management, reception, security and vending are delivered to a high standard and agreed SLA's are achieved. Ensure safe working practices, Legislation and Health and Safety regulations are complied with. Maintain records for usage of consumables, document services, post and vending to enable accurate invoicing. Manage and report on non residential services including security, waste, pest control and window cleaning. Ensure staff records are accurately maintained and payroll information is submitted on time. Communicate reliably with the Client ensuring, requests are responded to and problems resolved effectively. Ensure a professional image is presented at all times. To succeed in this role you will need: Sound knowledge Soft FM service delivery Significant supervisory experience Level 2 Health Safety qualification e.g. IOSH Ability to communicate at all levels Good IT skills including MS Office Word, Excel Excellent organisational skills with the ability to resolve problems To be customer focused Educated to national level 2 e.g. GCSE grades AC About us The OCS Group is one of the UK's leading providers of facilities management and property support services. We have been at the forefront of developing integrated Facilities Management, becoming a seamless extension of our clients' businesses by delivering best in class services. We have achieved success through our dedicated teams of support staff and industry experts who work in partnership with our clients to deliver a reliable service and innovative FM solutions. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CustomerServiceManagerFMServices_job****