Title: Front of House Manager  East Midlands Conference Center ( In partners
Webindex: 68233619
Company: i resourcer
Description: Front of House Manager  East Midlands Conference Center ( In partnership De Vere Venues Ltd) The East Midlands Conference Centre (EMCC) and Orchard Hotel are management contracts managed by De Vere Venues. All applicants who apply for and accept a position advertised by the EMCC and/or Orchard Hotel will be employed by EMCC Ltd. Your employment will be subject to the terms and conditions set out by EMCC Ltd. Responsibilities of Front of House Manager:  Ensure that the highest standards of hospitality and communication are constantly in place  Ensure that all visitors’ expectations are consistently met and exceeded  Motivate and develop your team members  Ensure that wages and costs are in line with budget requirements Benefits included for a Front of House Manager:  25 days holidays plus bank holidays  Contributory Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. You will be working in a busy environment which requires a consistency in customer service, flexibility and being able to work well under pressure. The ideal candidate will be organised, an excellent communicator and a hands on Manager with exceptional attention to detail and the passion to go the extra mile for our customers. Previous experience in a hospitality environment and the proven ability to manage people in a similar role are essential, as well as knowledge of Front Office systems. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Front of House Manager (ref REM EMCC ****) apply now by forwarding your current CV to Lasse Hogberg together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. With over 25 years’ experience, the East Midlands Conference Centre is a unique venue with the ultimate flexibility to accommodate between **** and **** delegates. There are no limits to the size or combination of events we host. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/FrontofHouseManagerEastMidlandsConferenceCenterInpartners_job****