Title: Apprentice Chef
Webindex: 66538486
Company: Runshaw Business Centre
Description: Vacancy for a Level 2 Food Production Apprenticeship To provide a friendly, efficient and comprehensive service to all users of the Catering facilities. To prepare and serve food that conforms to the College and kitchen standards by working as part of the refectory team and to follow and adhere to kitchen legislation. Responsibilities include:  To train as an Apprentice Chef following the guidance and instruction given from the Chef and staff in particular assisting with the preparation of vegetables, salads and sandwiches as required. The level of complexity of dishes prepared will be dependent upon the level of training undertaken and completed.  To assist with the production of meals, snacks and beverages.  To prepare the dining and severing areas for the service of meals, snacks and beverages.  To ensure food is served and presented to a high standard and provide a friendly and efficient service that will encourage repeat custom.  To support colleagues at all times to ensure teamwork is maintained.  To assist in the smooth running of the kitchen and retail service.  To undertake cleaning duties as directed by senior staff and to follow HACCP guidelines.  To undertake duties as required at any of the Colleges catering and retail outlets, ensuring first class customer service at all times.  To act in accordance with all hygiene regulations.  To assure full compliance with key policies, notably Equality and Diversity; Health and Safety and Safeguarding Children.  To carry out such other duties as the Principal may reasonably require. Skills required: Ability to work on own initiative. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Excellent IT skills Excellent organisation and planning skills Personal qualities: Commitment to the delivery of excellent Excellent communication skills  Application Form/ Interview Good teamwork skills and commitment to teamwork  Application form/Interview A commitment to ongoing professional updating  Application form/Interview Able to recognise the importance of and provide excellent customer care  Application Form/ Interview Qualifications required: Maths English GCSE grades A – C or equivalent Training to be provided: Level 2 Food Production Apprenticeship Framework to include NVQ Technical Certificate, Employer Rights and Responsibilities and Personal Learning and Thinking Skills.