Title: Sous Chef  Cosy Club Taunton TA****
Webindex: 68706475
Company: Cosy Club
Description: Sous Chef  Cosy Club Taunton TA**** Great opportunity for a Sous Chef in Taunton for our developing, awardwinning concept The Cosy Club is run by Loungers Ltd and is similar in style to the successful Lounges cafe bars, but with some extra ‘Oomph . We are open all day, every day for quality food and drink in a slightly gentrified, relaxed environment in a building of stunning character with its separate downstairs snug room ‘The Den , relaxing caf areas & main bar & restaurant. Who are we looking for? A calm and organised Sous Chef who will motivate and lead the brigade and provide structured and progressive training for all of the team. Sous Chefs that can cook, taste and enjoy their food only, Ping chefs need not apply An experienced and well trained catering professional, who understands that a kitchen with flawless food hygiene standards and organisational systems will produce better food, better chefs and better profits. An ambitious and enthusiastic Sous Chef with a real desire to progress. The ideal candidate will have a mixture of branded and independent experience, with a proven track record as Sous Chef. A knowledgeable Chef who takes pride in producing great quality fresh food and will work with our Head Chef to ensure consistently high standards by adhering to the company specifications and procedures. A chef that is willing to join a growing company & add a bit of themselves to the business. Benefits Great salary package of up to **** per annum including bonus, depending on experience. Learn how to manage a kitchen from a company with all the structure and support to show you how to be more than just a great cook. Chance to join an expanding and recession busting company. Fantastic company incentives. Training on offer includes Advanced Health & Safety, Food Hygiene and First Aid Courses, NVQ Level 3 and fully funded college courses. Straight shifts and two days off a week, and a sensible working week working with decent people Please apply with a full CV stating the position you are applying for. If you feel you have insufficient experience for the Sous Chef role, but would be interested in joining us in another capacity, please feel free to send us your CV and a short cover letter explaining the job you feel you would be suited for and why you are interested in our group.