Title: Bakery Shift Manager BLUB****
Webindex: 72132619
Company: Blue Octopus Recruitment
Description: Bakery Shift Manager BLUB6163 Bolton Salary ****  **** depending on experience Today, our client is the biggest independent retail baker in the North West with over **** shops throughout the region. This is a very exciting time for the company as it rolls out its new brand. This exciting brand has taken the high street by storm and to support its incremental growth, the company wishes to strengthen the bakery management team at its bakery in Bolton. As Bakery Shift Manager, on your shift you will have responsibility for all aspects of the production process throughout the bakery, which manufactures, on a daily basis, bread, morning goods, fresh cream and ambient cakes for its own shops. Whilst advocating a Clean as you Go culture, you will take responsibility for both the production area and output to include performance targets and attainment. You will support any NPD activity within the department with correct and timely management of recipes and trials and deliver a people plan for the shift team to include implementation of training requirements. The Bakery Shift Manager will oversee Health Safety on the shift, promoting Health Safety and accident investigation and take ownership of any improvement issues that are identified in the investigation. You will have ongoing communication with shift employees through briefings, conversations and other methods to ensure focus on a results driven and employee engaged culture. The successful candidate will be expected to operate to the highest standards at all times and to strive for continuous improvement within the constraints of a very traditional labour intensive operation. Ideally, you will have experience of bakery products although of greater importance is experience of a fast paced food manufacturing environment. Candidates must be available to work a 3 days per week rotational shift of 12.5 hours per day. This is a Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd vacancy who are operating as an employment agency. Once you have clicked to apply for this vacancy, we will then send you more information on the role including a copy of the application form via email.