Title: Front of House SupervisorContract Catering SiteOxfordshire
Webindex: 68504580
Company: Catering Services International
Description: Front of House SupervisorContract Catering SiteOxfordshire ****  **** per annum Excellent Company Benefits 37.5 hours per week (mainly Monday to Friday) Overtime paid The Company Our client operates the Catering offering for a variety of establishments in the Uk and Worldwide. This particular site is top of its field and is located in Oxfordshire. Our client is constantly improving their offering and service techniques and offer fantastic future prospects for all employees that show the love for their roles. Recently refurbished, our client offers excellent facilities. Known as a progressing employer, our client is certainly on the right road to excellence. The role We are currently looking to recruit a Front of House Supervisor to join this large site in Oxfordshire. The perfect candidate will have an eye for customer focus and ensuring guest satisfaction is maintained and exceeded during every service. The ideal Front of House Supervisor will have a bubbly and enthusiastic outlook and a genuine love for service and customer care. Candidates are required to be a strong leader and not afraid to role their sleeves up and get stuck in where needed. This role will involve serving food to customers as a counter service, which will involve interacting with clients on a daily basis. For this our client will offer paid overtime along with a great worklife balance. The role will also be mainly Monday to Friday with most weekends and evenings off. What We Are Looking For Successful individuals will be able to demonstrate the following: Individuals will be able to demonstrate a culture for customer service. Previous experience with in a fast paced environment. Candidates who are customer focused. Individuals who are able to think on their feet and constantly look at ways of improving the offering and the service. Ability to supervise a team of 10. Ability to take direction but also work from their own experience and initiative. What Next? If you would like to know more or you would like to apply for this opportunity pick up the phone and call me, Steve Jamieson , on **** **** **** or simply email me at infocatserv.co.uk . I look forward to hearing from you. We can offer permanent and temporary work to our candidates and we are always looking for good candidates for a variety of roles including Chefs, Management in all disciplines, Housekeepers, Hotel Receptionists and Waiting Staff. Please visit our website for all current vacancies  www.cateringinternational.co.uk Catering Services International acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and as an employment business for the supply of temporary workers.