Title: Assistant Manager  Liverpool
Webindex: 66501462
Company: Toby Carvery
Description: Working at Toby Carvery Want to join the friendly, fastpaced atmosphere of a famous great British carvery? Then the exciting vacancies with Toby Carvery will be right up your street Carvery food Just as it should be Fanatical about food quality? Passionate about people? Serious about service? Then join our team and help provide a carvery experience that s Just as it should be , with freshly roasted meat straight from our carvery deck, delicious seasonal vegetables and a good oldfashioned welcome. Whether you prefer being a fabulous host, an outstanding server or love creating delicious meals, we ll help you carve out a great career. A brand new Toby Carvery is due to open early 2013 on Speke Boulevard, very near to John Lennon Airport. This particular Toby Carvery is a brand new build, located on a busy dual carriageway and very near to an already large and expanding retail site. This fantastic new restaurant is looking to recruit a fresh and exciting Management team ready to take on a big challenge Famous for its superb selection of succulent roast meats, Toby Carvery is theplace for a superb slapup Sunday lunch. Any day or time of the week in fact With our carvery table heaving with three magnificent roasts, it s no wonder we re so popular. No wonder so many people want to carve out a career with us What you ll do in this role As Assistant Manager at Toby Carvery you ll be an important part of a Great British institution. You ll help our General Manager to train and marshal a highlycommitted team to provide a magnificent carvery that even your mum can t match. As Assistant Manager, the nation will love you for it. Everyone except your mum, that is As Assistant Manager, you ll be ensuring that standards of food and service are consistently excellent You ll be responsible for training and inspiring a large team First and last impressions count and it ll be your job to ensure that customers leave with the right one You ll be taking your first step on a management career ladder that s limited only by your ambition You ll be joining our awardwinning Assistant Manager Programme What will make you perfect for the job? Ideally six months experience in a high volume pub, bar or restaurant A handson approach so you can really lead by example You ll be a real people person who s great at customer service A passion for great food and drink The ambition to be a great manager of the future What we offer Contributory pension scheme Private healthcare Structured training programme 25 days holiday Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.