Title: Junior Sous Chef  food led pub restaurant in Ironbridge
Webindex: 71659804
Company: Brunning and Price
Description: Junior Sous Chef food led pub restaurant in Ironbridge The Woodbridge in Coalport has undergone a root and branch renovation, and reopened in October 2012 as part of the Brunning and Price group of pub restaurants. The pub is ideally situated on the banks of the River Severn, a mile downstream of Ironbridge in Shropshire, and we have made some substantial additions to make the most of the gorgeous views. We ve built a large raised deck at first floor level to provide an outside drinking and eating area overlooking the river, and a light and airy garden room which also looks out over the Severn, giving us a total of about **** covers inside and many more outside. The bar is right at the heart of the building with up to six cask ales on tap, an extensive wine list, and a shelf crammed with Malts. Our seasonal menu has a spine of freshly prepared, classic British dishes, complemented by more exotic influences from other parts of the world: in other words, modern British cookery. Our passion lies in finding quality ingredients and preparing, cooking and presenting them in a modern but unpretentious way. We re looking for a Junior Sous Chef with excellent cooking skills, experience in helping to set and achieve GP percentages and the ability to manage high volumes with the right standards of quality and consistency. Together with the head chef you will help write the menus, assist in sourcing ingredients from the best suppliers and set and maintain the highest standards of food quality and consistency. You ll also need to help efficiently run service in the head chef s absence and so your kitchen management and organisational skills will be of paramount importance. This is a vital role in the pub and is an excellent stepping stone on the road to managing your own kitchen. As a Junior Sous Chef we ll reward you with a salary package around **** and you ll be part of a successful, growing company who have been awarded Pub Group of the Year on five occasions. To explore the possibilities of joining our crew, email your CV and covering letter telling us a bit about yourself and what makes you tick to janbrunningandprice.co.uk