Title: Deputy Restaurant Manager****tipsEssex
Webindex: 69001909
Company: Ideal chef recruitment agency
Description: Deputy Restaurant Manager****tipsEssex. Organisation description: Delicious fresh food, amazing wines and bedrooms to die for, this establishment boasts **** year history and fantastic food to boot Come and enjoy a stay at this historic yet fabulous place. Enjoy a meal and a glass or two out on the terrace to compliment the experience. Job description: We are looking for a deputy restaurant manager to corun a small team of staff ensuring that the restaurant operates efficiently and profitably while maintaining the establishments reputation and ethos. There is chance to move up within this establishment also. Duties to include cashing up, stock control, staff rotas, managing staff, meeting and greeting customers and ensuring staff adhere to company rules and regulations. The deputy restaurant manager will need to be able to advise customers of the menu and wine choice. The candidate will also need to maintain high standards of quality control, hygiene and health and safety. It will suit an individual who is proud of their past achievements and keen to join an innovative business, someone who has the highest of standards but remains informal, charming and hospitable when managing the guests experience. The Deputy Restaurant Manager will be passionate about food, wine and service. The successful applicant should have as their personal goal an ambition to eventually move into a managing partner role within the company. Job Requirements: It s essential that the deputy restaurant manager is a strong team leader who can work under pressure. The deputy restaurant manager needs to be well organised, focussed, driven and although management experience is desirable it is not essential as full training will be given. The candidate needs to have an effervescent character and have a bubbly, keen and lively personality. Good written and spoken English skills are a must. Personal hygiene is to be exceptional. The deputy restaurant manager needs to be able to deal with customers clearly and efficiently and who can demonstrate exceptional customer service skills. The successful candidate will understand that training his or her team is critical, and be able to support of the Managing Partner in all areas of the business including, promoting sales growth , control of costs plus an understanding of on line management systems would be beneficial. Working 5 days in **** with some split shifts. Accommodation: None Available. In line with the requirements of the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. As part of the recruitment process, you will be asked to provide documented evidence of eligibility