Title: KITCHEN MANAGER DESIGNATE  South East
Webindex: 71197112
Company: Sizzling Pubs
Description: Sizzling Pubs Kitchen Manager Designate **** Working at Sizzling Pubs Do you love to be at the heart of the community, serving locals and regulars the food and drink they love? Then the vacancies at these friendly pubs will suit you down to the ground. Sizzling platters. Sizzling value. A Sizzling Pub provides the cheerful drinks, tasty food and colourful characters that make working days whizz by. It s lively work, with regular events, a varied menu, food sizzling on piping hot iron skillets and lots of smiling families. So if you re looking to bring some fun to your working life, look no further Welcome to Sizzling Pubs In Essex and Kent Sizzling Pubs is special because we are looking for a highly motived team player to join us at Sizzling. We have various positions across Essex and Kent. We are looking for someone with a passion for food and the ambition to run their own kitchen in 36 months. Candidates must be flexible and be prepared to travel whilst they are training, so we can ensure you get the best training available and make sure you are ready to help us drive the brand forward. We will consider candidates from different food backgrounds. If you think this sounds like you please apply now At Sizzling Pubs we re famous for our sizzling skillets loaded with all sorts of delicious things from surf and turf combos to juicy prime steaks. But our skillets aren t the only things that keep our customers coming back for more. There s our delicious meaty burgers, our gorgeous gammon hock, even our super mega sundaes. What you ll do in this role As Kitchen Manager Designate you ll be responsible for learning everything that goes into our kitchen and for everything that comes out and everyone too. Not only that but you ll keep a wary eye on stock, control ordering and budgets. So however hot the skillet you ll never get your fingers burned As Kitchen Manager Designate you ll make sure that every dish is sheer perfection as it makes its way from kitchen to table You ll be responsible for training and motivating your staff ensuring a perfect blend in the kitchen You ll be responsible for food stock control and ordering You ll be accountable for the kitchen s financial performance You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding managerial career with us What will make you perfect for the job? Kitchen Manager/team leader experience in a high volume and or a branded environment A passion for delivering great food and an obsessive attention to detail ensuring that every dish that leaves the kitchen leaves a guest satisfied Leadership qualities with the enthusiasm and charisma to inspire your team Attention to the maintenance of profit margins Strict about conforming to health and hygiene regulations Excellent communication skills Enthusiasm, a strong work ethic and a hunger to learn Minimum level 2 food safety (and preferably higher) What we offer Highly competitive salary Opportunity to join a defined contribution pension scheme 5 weeks paid holiday Other lifestyleflexible benefits Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.