Title: Kitchen Manager / Head Chef
Webindex: 67089627
Company: Yo! Sushi
Description: ****k Depending on experience Benefits Bonus Looking for a rewarding CHALLENGE?Do you enjoy working in a FASTPACED, FUN, TEAM CUSTOMERFOCUSED ENVIRONMENT? At YO Sushi, we pride ourselves on our brand and our unique customer experience. If you love working in restaurants, have excellent communication skills, love life to the full and are looking for a structured career, YO Sushi could be the place for you. The Perfect Kitchen Manager: We re looking for a handson, Passionate and vibrant, selfmotivated Kitchen Manager with previous kitchen management experience and proven customer and team focus. Someone who thrives by developing their team and, equally, growing their business. A forwardthinking leader who likes more than just fresh fish The Kitchen Manager Role: The Kitchen Manager (KM) will report directly to the General Manager for the entire operation of the Restaurant. Setting the standards  Motivating and leading your Managers and Team, guiding them in successfully operating their departments ensuring your kitchen is set to the highest standards. Food Quality  having a fantastic working knowledge and understanding of the kitchen including product knowledge, ensuring the team produce the perfect food experience produced to the highest safest Brand recipe standards. Customer Service delivering superior customer service and experience in all aspects of guest interaction. Profitability  accurately report all costs and expenditure alongside actively growing sales. Complete responsibility and control for the Food cost, wastage controls and stock takes. Key Performance Indicators  Maintaining and achieving the Business measures set as K.P.I s Performance of your Managers and Team  ensure all managers and team members reach their full potential through ongoing evaluation, listening, coaching and training. Knowledge of and Adherence to all YO Sushi Health and Safety and other Company Policies and Procedures  ensuring all your team have been trained and follow YO Sushi procedures and policies. Maintaining all Health and Safety records You will have: A number of years previous experience working in a Kitchen Manager position within the catering and hospitality industry, leading and developing a team of a similar size. Proven leadership expertise excellent problem solving skills with the ability to multi task and think on your feet and work well under pressure. Financial awareness and understanding in dealing with budgets, Stock and labour controls, with ownership and control of your Restaurants Food cost. The ability to accurately report to your General Manager on a regular basis. Fantastic communication skills with the ability to effectively coach and develop your Managers and Team. Good working knowledge of MS Word and MS Excel Drive and Ambition to grow sales Must have permission to work within the United Kingdom If this sounds like you and you want to be part of something different and work in a friendly creative environment, we would definitely like to hear from you.