Title: Assessor (Hospitality and Catering)  West Midlands
Webindex: 68692292
Company: TBG Learning Ltd
Description: Job Title: Assessor Reports to: Team Leader Programme: Workforce Development  Employer Division Location: West Midlands Closing date: 25th January 20******** In this role you will be responsible for maximising achievement of learners through training and assessment activities, ensuring all qualifications delivered meet both the funding agency and the company standards. What you'll be doing: Undertaking start up visits inline with agreed procedures and ensure learners are live on database. Working with a minimum caseload of **** infunding learners. Completing start up paperwork, inductions, initial assessments and all documentation in line with company requirements and timescales. Undertaking assessment and review in line with agreed and documented standards, system and strategy. Ensuring personal achievement rates are timely and reflect company targets. Implementing any improvements identified as a result of performance reviews and IV process. Ensuring all candidates allocated are visited regularly as per their agreed programmes and funding contract requirements. For those assessors who hold D****/V**** or equivalent you may be required to conduct internal verification activities. Monitoring learner's progression and ensure assessment is completed to enable learners to meet achievement targets for all parts of their programme on time. Maintaining learner records accurately  both paper based and electronic in accordance with SFA contractual and TBG Quality Assurance procedures. Carrying out Health Safety Risk Assessments and reaudits and ensuring appropriate H S documentation has been completed for all learners. Provide relevant support to ALN candidates and maintain candidate records as appropriate. Ensuring all requests for internal verification activity are met promptly. Promote progression of learners from one qualification to another. Generate 'repeat business' through existing employer base. Attend and contribute to meetings and training as required. Carry out other duties as requested by the Business Manager. Standard responsibilities for all positions within TBG Learning Participate in any staff review/performance management processes involving the identifying and meeting of training needs for self and others. Evidence own progress and achievement using CPD Take appropriate responsibility to ensure the health and safety of self and others Advance and integrate equality and diversity throughout all activities. Undertake any other tasks and responsibilities appropriate to the level of this post. Comply with Rehab Group/TBG policies and procedures at all times. What you'll need to have: Assessment Qualifications (A1 or equivalent) GCSE English Language and Maths at Grade C or equivalent Hold an IT qualification (desirable) Competence to assess on a number of disciplines Proven experience of WBL assessment (desirable) Able to meet and exceed retention and achievement targets for qualifications and frameworks The ability to maintain learner caseload in line with budget and business development targets. Must be able to work competently with the minimum of supervision. Good time management skills with the ability to work towards and meet deadlines. Ability to communicate and motivate self and others in challenging surroundings. Excellent communication skills, oral and written. High standard of customer care Good organisational and administration skills This role will involve travel across the Midlands region however when required travel throughout England may be required. Therefore you should have access to your own transport and have a current full driving licence and business insurance. TBG Learning is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of all participants and expects all staff to share and promote this commitment. As this position may involve handling sensitive data relating to, or working with children and/or vulnerable adults, the successful candidate will be subject to a Disclosure check through the confidential process administered by the Criminal Records Bureau. You will be expected to take responsibility for your own professional development and participate in relevant internal and external training/activities. Who are TBG Learning: TBG Learning is one of the UK's leading youth and adult learning organisations, as well as a growing provider of services in the Welfare to Work Sector. TBG is a wholly owned subsidiary of Rehab Group, an independent, notforprofit (3 rd Sector) organisation that provides health, social care, training and employment services to some **** people each year in the UK, Ireland, Netherlands and Poland,. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssessorHospitalityandCateringWestMidlands_job****