Title: Unit Manager Upper Crust Guildford ****KBonusBenefits
Webindex: 69988139
Company: SSP UK Ltd
Description: About SSP  The Food Travel Experts SSP is a worldwide retail catering company with operations in 32 countries and employing over **** people. We operate well known branded restaurants, bars, cafs, food courts and convenience stores in airports, train stations, retail parks and other leisure locations. We are looking for a confident Store Manager who is passionate about delivering fantastic customer service within a branded environment and can coach and develop their people to be the stars of the future. The Role Key Accountabilities This fantastic opportunity is based at Guildford Railway Station, a thriving commercial environment serving the travelling public.You will be managing our popular Upper Crust cafe which sells a wide range of freshly made baguettes, drinks, confectionery and magazines. As a Store Manager you're responsible for the financial performance of the unit, maintaining high quality operating standards which means following set 'brand' and company procedures, quality of customer service delivered by your team and the overall look and feel and cleanliness of the unit. Ultimately, you will manage the unit and take ownership for the quality of service from your team and the financial performance of your unit  it's as good as running your own business but with the support and fantastic development opportunities of working with a world wide market leading foodservice company. Skills Experience To be successful in this role, you will need to have: Previous experience of having full accountability for a similar business such as a branded bar / caf / restaurant, or food retail business. Managing a diverse team  8 direct reports, you will also need experience of managing the standards and structured processes required working within brand standards. You will also need commercial awareness and previous experience of the financial controls required when running a unit  cost control and P L reviews, as well as experience in driving sales growth, with aspirations for career progression to play a part in the succession plans for the station and wider region. Your personal characteristics will include having confident and effective leadership and communication skills, attention to detail, strong coaching and people development skills and be focused on exceeding customer expectations. Benefits Incentives In return for your skills and experience, we offer a fantastic benefits package including: salary up to ****K, management bonus scheme (up to 30%), contributory pension scheme, life assurance, meal on duty, fantastic learning and development opportunities for future progression and career prospects and ongoing support from our business support functions (marketing / HR / finance etc) to help you manage your business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/UnitManagerUpperCrustGuildford****KBonusBenefits_job****