Title: Special Event Sales Coordinator: Crowne Plaza Marlow
Webindex: 66552517
Company: Crowne Plaza   Marlow
Description: The Award winning Crowne Plaza Marlow is currently recruiting for an experienced Special Events Sales Coordinator to join our sales team. Reporting to the M E Manager you will deal with incoming enquiries for all weddings, events and private functions and to convert enquiries to confirmed business and ensure the maximization of the hotel facilities. You will also support your colleagues in dealing with corporate events. This role will focus on the Special events business including weddings, social events and Christmas. The role is a fulltime position working 40 hours per week Tuesday through to Saturday. You will also support the sales team in building awareness of the hotel in the local and national conference market and the leisure market, and to proactively sell the hotel facilities to ensure budgeted figures are achieved / exceeded. Responsibilities include: • To ensure the expected revenue is achieved for the conference banqueting rooms. To have a sales awareness of the corporate leisure market for the hotel. • To receive telephone enquiries and take the appropriate follow up action necessary to convert the call to then generate a ‘sale’ • To be involved in sales activities to ensure the continued business success of the hotel • Handle all enquiries, bookings and the organizing of conference events offering a personal service as per the standard operating procedures. • To co ordinate with Conference Banqueting Operations to ensure the smooth running of events. • To refer business within the BDL portfolio of hotels and across IHG • To ensure all billing is done accurately within the accounts procedures To be successful in your application for the position of Special Events Coordinator, you will be required to demonstrate that you meet the following criteria: • A meeting events professional with a minimum of 1 years event management experience in the hotel / venue industry • A steady career path to date showing good progression driven by proven success • Computer literate with an understanding of databases and a knowledge of Delphi Opera an advantage. • Excellent presentation skills • Fully conversant and a clear spoken voice and able to write letters • To have high standards and produce work/client correspondence with no errors • Fully flexible approach to working as the hours for this role will need to be flexible to suit client appointment. It will not be acceptable to pass over clients to the Duty Manager to show round/meet. This may include weekends and evening working. • To have an eye for detail, to ensure that client expectations are exceeded • Strong organizational skills as there could be multi meetings/conferences being held on one day Benefits: • A competitive basic salary • 28 days holiday per annum, increasing according to length of service • Cash plan healthcare scheme to which the company will contribute • Staff accommodation discount scheme • Friends and family discount scheme • Formally recognised for our investment in people, we also offer unrivalled training and career development opportunities • Various other incentives Part of the BDL group, The Award winning Crowne Plaza Marlow is a contemporary 4 star hotel in the beautiful Buckinghamshire country town of Marlow, in the heart of the Thames Valley. The stunning lakeside location of this Buckinghamshire hotel makes it the perfect wedding venue as well as an ideally placed conference destination within easy reach of the M4, M40 and M25 motorways and Heathrow Airport Please apply for the Special Event Sales Coordinator position with your CV and cover letter. Proof of eligibility to work in the UK will be requested at interview This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SpecialEventSalesCoordinatorCrownePlazaMarlow_job****