Title: Meeting and Events Coordinator
Webindex: 68685383
Company: Bucks & Berks Recruitment PLC
Description: Immediate opportunity for a dynamic and focused Events Coordinator to join the team at this leading prestigious hotel, based in Bracknell. The focus of the role is to market and sell the hotel's conference and banqueting facilities through proactive sales and marketing activities. The key responsibilities of the role include: The handling and processing of enquiries for meeting and events facilities Taking of bookings, ensuring rates are quoted correctly and that all information is input into Opera correctly Ensuring that enquiries, brochure requests, bookings and confirmation letters are processed correctly and sent out daily Meeting with clients for show rounds and appointments when necessary and ensuring all bookings and information are input correctly into Opera Organise and coordinate all function details prior to an event Selling of the hotel's meeting and events facilities, ensuring that revenue is maximised at all times. This exciting and challenging role would suit someone with hotel meetings, reservations or events experience who is familar with Opera or Fidelio. The ideal candidate will demonstrate a professional and mature approach with the ability to proactively market and sell the company's facilities. Attention to detail and excellent organisational skills are essential. Key words 'events' 'Events Coordinator' 'Events Manager' 'Reservations' Please note we will only contact those candidates that we feel are suitable for the positions we have currently available. If you don't hear from us within **** working days, please accept our apologies but we are unable to help you on this occasion. Bucks and Berks Recruitment is an equal opportunities employment agency and business that is serious about its compliance with legislation. Bucks and Berks is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MeetingandEventsCoordinator_job****