Title: Interim Events manager  Birmingham, ****K
Webindex: 72228133
Company: Berkeley Scott Contract Catering Facilities Management
Description: Interim Events Manager We are looking for a Events manager to oversee the operational aspects of this city centre conference and events a operation. This venue is the revenue generating part of a well established university and has a great reputation and many clients within the sector. The venue is looking to gain more business from the private and commercial sectors and requires a proactive manager to attract this market for them. Job Description Along with client liaison, you will also have responsibility for the day to day running of the conference rooms ensuring the delivery of the event from start to finish.  team training, rotas, management  conference organisation, quotes invoices  maximising revenue from all events  implementing and ensuring delivery of service standards  managing contracted caterers  all centre administration This is a very diverse role and will require a strong mix of skills and good organisational ability Required Experience Candidates must have strong operational skills within the conference and events industry. You must have proven experience in driving standards and also running events. you must be able to communicate at all levels, at managing stakeholders, deliver great standards of customer service and have great administration skills. You must be able to organise your time effectively and have good business skills. This role is initially only a 3 month contract initially but may go permanent . This role requires an immediate start. In order to ensure your enquiry with regards to this position is dealt with quickly, please send in an uptodate copy of your Curriculum Vitae in a Word Document format to suzannah.coleberkeleyscott.co.uk If this role does not fully match your needs please visit our website, www.berkeleyscott.co.uk for similar opportunitiesBerkeley Scott is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.