Title: Sous Chef  Boutique Hotel Group  Amazing Food Operation Live In
Webindex: 67016617
Company: JAP Associates
Description: Company Information: Our client is an exclusive up market Independent Hotel Group; they boast a stunning collection of hotels. They have won awards for dining, service and accommodation. They are renowned for their excellent career progression and training. Situated in a stunning location the hotel is a popular choice for Leisure and Corporate Guests. You will have the opportunity to work with a very talented brigade and Head Chef and take your career to the next level. The Head Chef is currently recruiting for a Sous Chef to assist in taking the operation forward as they are about to launch a new exciting restaurant concept which will be an additional outlet to compliment the Award Winning Restaurant and other outlets including functions. Job description: As Sous Chef you will be working across all the outlets and be instrumental in development and implementation of the new menus alongside the Head Chef You will have the opportunity to work with all fresh produce and have creative freedom to assist with putting the new restaurant concept on the map and also updating the current outlet. This role will also involve menu planning, GP management and stock control. As Sous chef will be also be responsible for supporting the Head Chef in the day to day running of the kitchen and brigade. A key part of this role will be the ongoing training and development of the junior chefs. Ideal Background: The Head Chef is looking for a Sous Chef with passion, enthusiasm and the energy to continue the ongoing success of this operation and also be involved in the future expansion plans and concepts. It is vital you have experience working in a quality driven hotel or restaurant environment ideally of rosette standard due to the nature of the operation and forward plans for the restaurants. It is essential you are confident with Health and Safety laws, HACCP, COSHH, and able to work across all sections within the kitchen and have the ability to lead and motivate a team. This is an ideal role of a Sous Chef who is keen to be involved in a new opening and also work alongside a very accomplished and industry recognized Head Chef. Salary and Benefits: The salary of this permanent role of Sous Chef is ****  **** plus a share of gratuities. This role also comes with the offer of low cost accommodation and an array of company benefits including low cost airfares. You will also benefit from some lower tax benefits that come from be based in the Channel Islands In order to process your application please forward you CV in word document to Justine Perry – justine.perryjapassociates.co.uk JAP Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. In accordance and compliance with the “Asylum and Immigration Act ****” all applicants applying for the above position will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to live and work in the United Kingdom. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SousChefBoutiqueHotelGroupAmazingFoodOperationLiveIn_job****