Title: Baker  Desserts/Cakes
Webindex: 69001369
Company: Berry Recruitment
Description: Our client is based in beautiful gardens in Sevenoaks and are looking for a Baker to work within the catering team to provide cakes and desserts to visitors to this National Trust site. The post holder shall: Provide a warm, friendly welcome to all visitors, acquire knowledge of the history of the site and inspire visitors with our passion for fresh, seasonal and local food and follow the National Trust s policies and procedures in conjunction with the Property Business Plan. Prepare cakes and desserts in high volumes to standard recipes with consistency of product, maximising gross profit and minimising wastage. Ensure that all food is produced and presented to standards as set by the Catering Development Manager and undertake all tasks relating to food storage such that food safety guidelines are met. Ensure waste efficiency such that the business is enhanced by improved ratios and ensure stock control guidelines and effective portion control are adhered to as set by the Catering Development Manager and assist in monthly stock taking as required. Provide high standards of customer care, so that the reputation of the Trust is enhanced and sales targets achieved, contribute to presenting the Tearoom to a high standard, maintaining high standards of presentation and participate in staff training, both within the catering team and the wider property team. Deliver the service promise with exceptional service, every time, for everyone. All staff are expected to observe health and safety at work regulations as set out b the Trust in accordance with its statutory obligations and to take reasonable care for the health and safety of themselves and of others who may be affected by their acts or omissions at work. Be accountable for their personal development through the appraisal process. All employees are expected to work within the terms of their contract of employment and adhere to Trust Instructions, Values and Behaviours. Knowledge: Holds a cooking qualification COSHH trained Holds intermediate Food Hygiene certificate Holds Basic Food Hygiene certificate Health and safety training Knowledge of HACCP procedures Good level of numeracy and literacy