Title: Assistant Manager'New Pasty Shop' Manchester Airport to ****K
Webindex: 71186382
Company: SSP UK Ltd
Description: About SSP  The Food Travel Experts SSP have been delivering world class food and beverage experiences across the globe for more than 60 years. We operate a wide portfolio of owned and franchised food beverage brands in travel and retail locations across 32 countries and employ over **** people  our 'food travel experts' The Role Key Accountabilities All of our pasties are lovingly hand made in Cornwall. They are then freshly baked on site daily, with the highest **** % natural quality ingredients. Each pasty has a limited life to ensure every pasty sold comes fresh from the oven  they are not full of additives to extend shelf life. The new position. Assistant Manager for the Pasty Shop at Manchester Airport Terminal1 will be responsible for the successful opening and operation of the new Pasty Shop with predict high volume. With full financial accoutantability and responsibility for a team of 12, you will have significant retail catering management experience. As Manager, you will also be responsible for managing, motivating and developing your team, recruiting, training and managing performance. It's as close to running your own business as you can get but with the advantage of having the support of a worldwide organisation. Skills Experience To be successful in this role, you will need to have  previous experience of managing and leading a diverse team of people in a branded coffee shop or branded bakery of high volume  Knowledge and passion of the standards and structured processes required to work within a globally recognised brand.  An awareness and previous experience of the financial controls required when running a unit  cost control and P L reviews.  Demonstrable experience in coaching and developing your team to deliver against financial and SOP targets.  Barista Trained The ideal candidate would have significant experience as Assistant Manager with a branded caf / bakery background. You will also be able to demonstrate competent management of 'brand' or company standards, having good audit. Local Site Brand Information Manchester Airport is a very busy airport  open 24 hours all year round All candidates must be flexible to work to a shift system involving very early starts and late finishes and of course fully flexible for weekends. Own transport also ideal due to 24 hour operation. Please note all successful candidates are required to provide a full ****year reference history and undergo a Criminal Record Check to comply with Airport Security regulations. Benefits Incentives In return for your skills and experience, we offer you a rewarding and vibrant working environment, real and achievable career opportunities and excellent training and development to enhance your existing skills. You'll receive salary up to ****k and bonus incentive (up to 15% of your salary on achievement of KPI objectives), pension scheme, 28 days holiday, life assurance, free meal on duty, discounts off SSP brands and numerous other retailers and services, child care vouchers, cycle to work scheme and lots of opportunities to develop your career in to different brands or more senior management. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerNewPastyShopManchesterAirportto****K_job****