Title: Assistant Manager  Chertsey
Webindex: 70676457
Company: Vintage Inns
Description: Assistant Manager ******** Working at Vintage Inns If you value individuality and charm as much as we do, working in a traditional country pub is going to suit you down to the ground. With Assistant Manager vacancies across our cosy rural pubs and restaurants, you can find the perfect environment to make the most of your talents. Country dining with a modern twist Join our team and you ll be part of the warm, relaxed atmosphere you d expect from a country inn with a contemporary flavour, while learning your trade in one of the most stimulating and rewarding environments in the business. What s more every day at work will be in a perfect country retreat Welcome to Vintage Inns The Kingfisher The Kingfisher was previously known as Chertsey Lock and then later as The Lock Haven, because we are situated on the banks of the river Thames. It is our position next to the 18th Century Chertsey Bridge which gives The Kingfisher some superb views and adds to the relaxed atmosphere. Standing by the 18th century stone ChertseyBridge, with a garden overlooking the Thames, our pub is ideally placed for those wishing to explore the river and nearby wetlands As the Assistant Manager of a Vintage Inn you ll be working in one of Britain s finest country pubs. This is a place in the heart of the countryside with cosy interiors retaining wonderful original features, simply dripping with individuality and style. People travel here from miles around for the superb seasonal food and fantastic service, so there ll be no standing still for you and your team What you ll do in this role Your role is to deliver the country pub dream to our guests from the roaring fires in the winter, to the stunning gardens in the summer. It s the little touches that make all the difference flowers on the bar, tea lights on the tables, interesting displays and stylish merchandising. You ll be attracted by the adrenaline rush of managing a busy pub and leading a team of talented individuals. As Assistant Manager, you ll be ensuring that standards of food and service are consistently excellent You ll be responsible for training and inspiring a large team First and last impressions count and it ll be your job to ensure that guests leave with the right one You ll be taking your first step on a management career ladder that s limited only by your ambition You ll be joining our awardwinning Assistant Manager Programme What will make you perfect for the job? Ideally a minimum of 1 years previous experience in a similar role in a full service, partial fresh food business Being able to recruit, develop and retain a large team of talented individuals Having the passion and knowledge to talk confidently about fresh food, premium wines and cask ales Being able to intuitively deliver those little touches without needing a brand manual Growing the business by using your initiative and ideas to drive local trade, for example, jazz nights, tasting parties or supporting local charities Keen to work on the bar and floor and in the kitchen being hands on and leading from the front The ambition to be a great manager of the future Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. What we offer Contributory pension scheme Assistant Manager Bonus Scheme Earn up to **** per annum Private healthcare Structured training programme 25 days holiday Apply for this Assistant Manager position now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.