Title: Head Chef  High End Quality Driven Progressive Pub Company Hampshire
Webindex: 72513463
Company: JAP Associates
Description: Company Information: Our client is Progressive Company who has an impressive portfolio that includes High End Fresh Food Pubs and Chic Cafes. They offer excellent training and career progression and have strong values in the ongoing development and training of their employees across their business and have the infrastructure to support this. Due to a future acquisition they are currently recruiting for a Head Chef to be based at one of their Award Winning Pubs. Job description: This role is for a Head Chef with good people management skills, able to lead, train and motivate a team in a busy environment. They already have rosette status and are featured in the many of food guides, which is something our client is keen to ensure they maintain going forward. You will have a core seasonal menu as well as a daily specials menu. You will be using all seasonal and local produce and have the opportunity to have autonomy over your menus. A key part of this role with working to set budgets and food GP’S, driving sales and the overall profitability of the operation. Ideal Background: We are looking for a Head Chef with passion, enthusiasm and the energy who can assist with taking the operation forward in a new direction whilst maintaining a high level of food quality and consistency. You should have experience working in a high volume, quality, fresh food led environment. You will have sound financial understanding of how to manage the business expenditure to ensure your business remains profitable and food costs and GP targets are achieved. This could suit an experienced Sous Chef looking for a step up or a Head Chef who is keen to work with fresh produce and have autonomy over their menus. Salary and Benefits: Our client is offering a basic salary for this permanent Head Chef role of up to ****; you will also receive a bonus based on key performance indicators and a share of the gratuities. In order to process your application please forward you CV in word document to justine.perryjapassociates.co.uk JAP Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. In accordance and compliance with the “Asylum and Immigration Act ****” all applicants applying for the above position will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to live and work in the United Kingdom. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/HeadChefHighEndQualityDrivenProgressivePubCompanyHampshire_job****