Title: SENIOR MEETING EVENTS COORDINATOR, BUCKINGHAMSHIRE
Webindex: 65170577
Company: Hot Recruitment Consultants
Description: Senior Meeting & Events Coordinator, Buckinghamshire. An excellent opportunity has arisen at our clients **** Hotel in Gerrards Cross, Buckinghamshire for an experienced Meetings and Events Coordinator. This well established, recently refurbished 150 bedroomed hotel has a Restaurant, **** Bars and extensive Meeting and Events space. Situated in a lovely rural but easily accessible location, this Hotel is a very popular venue for both corporate and leisure clients. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:  Ensuring the smooth running of Meeting and Events bookings, including weddings, from initial enquiry through to final accounting, providing a consistent first class standard of service to all customers through the dedicated implementation of the departmental SOP standards.  Maximising revenue through effective sales techniques and conversion of enquiries.  Communicating all clients’ needs throughout the hotel through the publishing of weekly function sheets and amendments as appropriate ensuring the highest quality and standards are maintained in all of the information and printed material issued.  Attending daily/weekly business meetings as required to coordinate the smooth operation of all departments. Conducting showrounds to all potential clients Effectively supervising the day to day operations of the Meetings and Events office in the absence of the department Manager, providing support and guidance to other team members. ESSENTIAL QUALIFICATIONS / EXPERIENCE: To be successful in the role of Senior Meetings and Events Coordinator, you must:  Come from a hospitality background to be considered and ideally will be a Graduate in Hospitality or Event Management  Have at least 2 years experience in Meeting & Events Sales in hotels ideally with some previous Supervisory experience  Have good knowledge of Microsoft Office with experience of an electronic Event Management Diary (ideally Phoenix)  Have an understanding of the selling cycle and proven negotiation skills  Be well presented, as you will be meeting clients face to face and be confident, friendly and outgoing with exceptional customer service skills.  Have excellent spoken and written English skills along with a professional telephone manner and a good clear telephone voice.  Have good organisational and administrative skills and excellent attention to detail in order to effectively organise events and meet customer expectations. Working hours will be 5 days per week between the hours of 8.30am and 6.30pm but will include occasional evening and weekend work in order to meet clients. REWARDS: For the role of Senior Meetings and Events Coordinator, there is on offer a benefits and remuneration package that includes the following:  Salary circa **** per annum plus Sales Bonus scheme  28 days holiday including bank holidays  Free meals on duty  Discounted rates at other hotels  Life Assurance  Opportunities for training and development HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV will be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients’ business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. In line with the requirements of the Immigration, Asylum and Nationality Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Documented evidence of eligibility will be required from candidates as part of the recruitment process. Applications for the role of Senior Meetings and Events Coordinator will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and residential address. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Hotel, Leisure, Hospitality, Conference, Events, Weddings, Corporate, Meetings, Sales,