Title: Professional Cookery Apprentice
Webindex: 72240166
Company: Remit Group
Description: A professional cookery apprenticeship will train you to become a chef. A chef is responsible for creating a range of different dishes, using different methods and presenting them to look appealing. As a chef you will usually work within a large team of people. You will take responsibility for your own area such as starter, main course or desert and this could change on a daily basis. You may also be able to specialise in certain areas such as confectionary, baking and cooking foods from around the world. As an apprentice you will start as the kitchen commis chef which will allow you to learn within all the different areas of a kitchen. The type of foods you might be cooking can vary depending on the place of employment, you may be cooking foods from around the world or specialising in a certain cuisine. As an apprentice (commis) chef you will learn skills and techniques from each area of a kitchen including how to prepare ingredients for the dishes you are going to cook, how to cook the ingredients you have prepared and how to take care of the kitchen and its valuable equipment. Working in a kitchen can be hot and busy. The work can be fast paced and you will have timing deadlines to meet, to ensure that customers are not waiting too long for their food. You will also be expected to ensure that the food you produce is timed correctly with what other chefs in the kitchen are producing. This is to ensure that tables in the restaurant are served at the same time. Chefs are required to wear protective uniforms or ‘chefs whites’ to ensure health and safety stands are adhered to. This is in the interest of both the customers and the chef. As a chef your main duties would include:  Assisting with ingredient preparation. This could include vegetables, meats, fish and dairy  Ensuring the work you produce is of a high standard and that you are constantly monitoring this  Implementing and maintaining health and safety standards and guidelines  Menu planning  Stock ordering  Maintaining a clean and efficient working environment As part of the professional cookery team you will need to demonstrate:  Passion for cooking  Good communication skills  Able to work under pressure  Able to multi task  Good team work skills  Conscientious about hygiene and safety  Good organisational skills  Creative and innovative with food presentation. Chefs will usually work on a shift pattern to ensure the long days in a restaurant are covered. In a hotel a chef would be needed in the morning, for breakfast, at lunchtime and then again in the evening for dinner. This would be over 7 days a week There are also roles where a chef would only be needed for one part of a day such as a canteen when only one meal a day would be produced over lunchtime. These shifts could include evening and weekend work. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProfessionalCookeryApprentice_job****