Title: Assistant Front Office Manager
Webindex: 71212592
Company: Independently Owned & Operated Holiday Inn
Description: Eclipse Hotels Group, a multiple franchisee of InterContinental Hotels Group, are seeking an ASSISTANT FRONT OFFICE MANAGER to be instrumental in running our flagship **** Star Holiday Inn Bristol City Centre. Located in the heart of Bristols Vibrant City Centre in close proximity of the Cabot Circus Shopping Centre, this ultra modern new generation hotel which opened in May 2011 consists of 155 bedrooms, Academy Conference you will assist in overseeing and managing the smooth day to day operation of the Reception, Reservations, Nights, Concierge and Porter service deputizing in the absence of the Front Office Manager. Outstanding team management skills are essential as you will be fully responsible for the development and performance management of the Front Office team, involved with daily supervision, staff and rota planning and HR / Administration tasks. You will be expected to deliver excellent customer service standards, encourage sales (upsales, crosssales) and have an understanding of your targets such as revenue and staff costs. You should also have excellent communication skills – both written and verbal and must be fluent in the English language. You must also be prepared to be fully flexible as you will be required to work hands on Duty Management shifts and shifts as required. A full time position, you will work on a shift basis, working 5 days out of 7 including early starts, late finishes and the occasional night shift. The successful candidate should preferably have previously worked in a branded Hotel at supervisory level, preferably an InterContinental Hotels Group brand, in a similar role. Prior knowledge of Brilliant PMS and Holidex is a strong advantage. You should have a proven track record of leading a team to achieve performance and operational targets with particular emphasis on Rooms Management. You will be required to motivate and inspire the team and be able to implement new systems and procedures. Ideal candidates should have a stable background and positive references. Hotel Front Office Experience is essential and knowledge of IHG Systems and processes would be desirable. You must be eligible to live and work in the UK unrestricted.