Title: Sous Chef (Jnr)
Webindex: 70568078
Company: Blue Arrow   Bristol
Description: Work, Life balance in 20****3 ???? This is a superb opportunity for an experience Chef De Partie or Sous Chef seeking the chance to work in a prestige location but able to enjoy great holidays, training, and company benefits Our client is seeking a Junior Sous Chef to join a Catering Team of **** within an imposing Grade 1 listing Manor House. The ideal candidate would come from either a large hotel or educational environment, be very clued up on dietary needs and ideally also have banqueting and/or wedding experience. This is a multifunctional site set in stunning grounds, a very popular wedding and banqueting location as well as a boarder and educational campus. This position averages ****hrs a week with occasional weekend and evenings required but not constant, thus enabling the ability to enjoy life and hobbies as well as holding a great career down in an amazing location. Free meals whilst at work, uniform provided for day to day and special events. free parking use of all sports facilities onsite. This location requires suitable applicants to undergo child protection screening appropriate to the post, including checks with past employers and the Criminals Record Bureau. Minimal Expectation at point of application:  Relevant and proven experience in previous role.  ability to work under pressure to high volume.  Prepared to undergo training for enhancement of role and career aspiration  Eligible to Live and Work in the UK  Ability to attend interviews and Work trials in January 2013 Anybody not with the above minimum requirement, will not be contacted reference this role due to level of interest and timeline to fill role. Blue Arrow is one of the UK`s largest recruitment businesses, dedicated to providing bespoke staffing solutions through a network of specialist branches and onsite locations. For over 50 years, our priority has been to work in partnership with our clients and candidates to secure longterm relationships. Blue Arrow provides an extended range of permanent and temporary recruitment services to a variety of public and private sector clients in the following areas:  Catering and Hospitality  Secretarial and Admin  Driving  Industrial and Manufacturing  Distribution and Warehousing This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SousChefJnr_job****