Title: General Manager Designate  West Midlands
Webindex: 71443519
Company: Sizzling Pubs
Description: Working at Sizzling Pubs Do you love to be at the heart of the community, serving locals and regulars the food and drink they love? Then the vacancies at these friendly pubs will suit you down to the ground. Sizzling platters. Sizzling value. A Sizzling Pub provides the cheerful drinks, tasty food and colourful characters that make working days whizz by. It s lively work, with regular events, a varied menu, food sizzling on piping hot iron skillets and lots of smiling families. So if you re looking to bring some fun to your working life, look no further Welcome to Sizzling Pubs Sizzling Pubs is one of the largest and most successful brands within the Mitchell s Butlers company and is planning to expand the number of businesses across the UK. Currently in the West Midlands we have **** pubs providing opportunity and scope to develop within the Sizzling brand. Our pubs operate in the heart of their communities offering quality pub food, a great choice of drinks and regular quiz nights in a friendly, informal, lively and fun atmosphere that is inclusive to all. At Sizzling Pubs we re famous for our sizzling skillets loaded with all sorts of delicious things from surf and turf combos to juicy prime steaks. But our skillets aren t the only things that keep our customers coming back for more. There s our delicious meaty burgers, our gorgeous gammon hock, even our super mega sundaes. What you ll do in this role If your career feels like it s fizzling out, a job as General Manager Designate here will put the sizzle back in You ll be burning up the miles too travelling around all our outlets in the area. It s all designed to give you a real feel for our culture and our high volume management needs before you move from General Manager Designate to taking on your own pub. As General Manager Designate, you ll spend time at a number of our sites learning about all aspects of our business You ll also be taking on managerial responsibilities working alongside the General Manager This will give you plenty of opportunity to show what you can do After training, you may be made Holding Manager for a period before progressing to a fullyfledged General Manager s role What will make you perfect for the job? At least 2 years management experience Determination to become a great manager Commitment, passion and a real desire to succeed A charismatic fun personality that s infectious for customers and staff alike Being flexible enough to be prepared to work at a number of different locations in the region Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. What we offer Highly competitive salary Generous benefits package Quality training 5 weeks paid holiday Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.