Title: Conference and Banqueting Head Chef  be part of the best
Webindex: 71150877
Company: ME Talent Ltd
Description: Conference and Banqueting Head Chef ****K and Bonus Set in the most stunning rural location yet in very easy reach from local population centres this Large stunning Boutique Hotel with Upbeat restaurants is set in a historic country house setting . Stunning Views and a Stunning place One of the best hotels in England this is the true home of luxury and one of the few hotels that everybody wants to have on their CV. Known internationally in our industry as one of benchmarks of top quality food and service. The Exec Head chef is renowned far and wide and is a vibrant and excellent leader passionate about developing his team of top chefs. We are looking for a proven Conference and Banqueting head chef with flair and enthusiasm. Strong luxury trade, celebrity events, top high end corporate hospitality for companies like Aston Martin, large society weddings, as well as a lot of racing and London seasonal tourist trade. Outdoor eating in the summer. A friendly approachable and ‘can do attitude is essential as is flair and enthusiasm. This employer is known for absolutely the best quality fresh food and produce. The person needs to be keen and highly motivated and good kitchen and people manager capable of dealing with volume whilst maintaining top quality and inspiring a fast moving brigade. You need to be strong delegator and manager, also strong on presentation and timings. You will be producing quality food from top fresh produce and have a real passion for the job. You need to be keen and highly motivated and good at maintaining standards. You will need to lead from the front and to act as a role model to the kitchen team. This is a top employer with a very good reputation. The salary is around ****k****k and good bonus as well as benefits etc. You will be working with the Exec Chef but running this separate kitchen yourself. You must have Talent & Passion as well as being a good proven kitchen manager and people manager. M3/M25 area