Title: Sous Chef  British Menu Exciting New Venture Suffolk
Webindex: 55892816
Company: Clear Selection
Description: Sous Chef  British Menu Exciting New Venture Suffolk Sous Chef role in a fantastic seaside restaurant, benefiting from a beautiful Suffolk Coastal setting, a great management team, fantastic menu and an extremely skilled and talented Head Chef. They are looking for a Sous Chef that can not only provide another technically gifted set of hands, but strong leadership in the absence of the head chef and a large degree of initiative and innovation. Largely because unlike many Sous Chef positions, you will be working alongside the Head Chef on many occasions, helping to change the menu with the seasons and co manage a great brigade rather than have to sit in the shadows waiting for your time. Ideally you will be dept at pastry, as there is scope to create your own dessert menu and predominantly be a Sous Pastry Chef. If you don t, but have the right skill set, natural leadership and necessary passion for fine British food, then you will certainly still be considered for the role. The restaurant seats approximately **** diners, with an outside terrace capable to doubling that number, service can be quite busy, but with a professional and extremely talented brigade of chefs you will find time flies by. If you have a history of cooking quality food to a high standard, using 100% fresh ingredients. If you have technical skill, but don t hide behind its flair, then this could be the ideal job for you. With a very competitive salary, benefits and job security this opportunity is nothing short of perfect for the right Sous Chef or Senior Chef De Partie that knows soon enough they will be a Head Chef themselves. So if you are looking for a great Sous Chef position working with a great brigade, freedom and you own space at work, and actual career prospects and foreseeable promotion, then email to apply today Consultant: Chris Wilson Ref: ****CW  / **** **** Want a quick job search without the hassle of registering then paste www.clearselection.co.uk/search.php to your web browser and enjoy the experience. We are always busy and are constantly receiving new instructions from a number of different client s nationwide, which makes it good for candidates and us. In the majority of cases we have visited the client s establishment and even spent work days with them and have a very enviable reputation for finding the best for the best. If you desire a professional, honest and calm approach with the reassurance that your application will be treated confidentially if requested, we look forward to working on your behalf. Our Consultants love their jobs and its always worth trying to contact them on their mobiles in the evenings or at weekends, if you are to busy during the day. Remember if they do not contact you within **** hours, unfortunately you have not been successful in your application for this position. Clear Selection Recruitment is part of the Clear Selection Group Est. ****