Title: Kitchen Manager  Revolution Bars  Beaconsfield (Live in)
Webindex: 69471222
Company: Revolution  Bars
Description: Kitchen Manager  Revolution Beaconsfield Salary ****k  ****k  live in  bonuses Would you like to be a Kitchen Manager for one of the Sunday Times Top 100 companies to work for The Publicans 'Best Employer' 2012? Revolution Beaconsfield are looking for an enthusiastic and hardworking Kitchen Manager to join the team. As a Kitchen Manager you responsibilities would include ensuring all kitchen operations and activities are carried out in full compliance with the company's operating standards and procedures, and is in accordance with all legal requirements. You will also be responsible for planning to ensure your bar achieves all financial targets and GPs and therefore aiding in sales initiatives and ensuring your kitchen achieve brand standards targets. Also you will be responsible for making sure that all food safety legislation and documentation is up to date, aid in recruitment of junior chefs and develop their training plans and to ensure all kitchen staff are trained in line with company procedure. The Company Purpose: to be the best bars to work in, be in and invest in Vision: Best Loved Bars Values: Safety, Fun, Integrity, Initiative, Drive, Passion. Inventive Leisure operates Revolution Vodka Bars Revolucion De Cuba Rum bars. We are currently made up of over 65 sites nationwide and have a commitment to continue to grow. With last years launch of our fresh food menu doubling food sales this is a very exciting time to join our award winning company What are we looking for? The Candidate we are looking for is an experienced Kitchen Manager or Head Chef with at least 1 years experience in this role. The person will need a proven track record in relation to Hygiene Audits, achieving weekly GP targets and producing food to Company specification. You may be from a restaurant or bar background but must have worked within a brand at some stage. Candidates must be good communicators, have a hands on approach and be passionate about food. You must be flexible, reliable and able to work hours to meet the businesses needs  which will include evenings and weekends. Are you Results driven?  Do you have the determination to set and achieve goals? Organised?  Do you have the ability to plan, prioritise and organise your work? Full of initiative?  Are you willing to take appropriate action before being asked? A great relationship builder?  Can you build and maintain effective internal and external relationships? An Effective Communicator?  Are you able to convey ideas effectively getting into the hearts and minds of your audience? Do you share our values?  Are you passionate to make the most of your job in a positive and fun way? Why work for Revolution? 'Sunday Times' top 100 companies to work for  5 years running Good working hours Great company culture Regular cash and travel incentives Structured training and development programme Fresh Food Menu Join the Revolution This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/KitchenManagerRevolutionBarsBeaconsfieldLivein_job****