Title: Chefs of all levels needed Temporary work High Wycombe
Webindex: 70146155
Company: Chefline UK
Description: Chefline UK is a recruitment business specialising in the provision of temporary professional Chefs to the catering industry. Based from our offices in High Wycombe we offer support to clients throughout Buckinghamshire such as sporting venues, conference centres, hotels and contract caterers. The work we have is booked at Chef de Partie level which traditionally means head of section. When we ask or Chef de Partie (CDP) level chefs what we really want are Chefs who have the aptitude to run a section but more importantly have the knowledge and experience to adapt their skills to different working environments. For example each one of our clients will have different ways of doing things which will differ to how you would normally do them, could you handle that? We are currently looking to grow our team of professional chefs and continue to develop our business and market share in the area. If you’re a Chef who can say YES to the following questions we would really like to hear from you Do you have your own whites, knives and safety shoes? Do you have your own transport? Have you been working as a Chef for more than 2 years? Have you had any formal training such as a City and Guilds qualification, BTEC or NVQ? Are you available at least 2 days per week? Temporary work is an excellent way to learn new skills and meet new people. It’s also a perfect way to revitalize your career and can open new doors and opportunities for those who can really impress. Chefs who work full time and want extra work on their days off / annual leave or Chefs who work for other agencies are ideally what we’re looking for. If you’d be interested in working with us please apply today with your up to date cv, alternatively please feel free to call and ask for Rich for an informal and confidential chat.  Mob: **** **** Email: richard.bartercheflineuk.com Chefline UK can only accept applications from candidates who are eligible to live and work in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ChefsofalllevelsneededTemporaryworkHighWycombe_job****