Title: Front Office Manager
Webindex: 68837822
Company: Radisson Birmingham
Description: CARLSON REZIDOR HOTEL GROUP The Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group is one of the fastest growing hotel companies in the world who strive to achieve an environment where a Yes I Can attitude is ingrained into everything we do. With three distinct hotel brands within the UK : Radisson Blu, Park Inn by Radisson, Hotel Missoni, Carlson Rezidor offers a world of opportunities. Carlson Rezidor currently features over **** hotels and almost **** rooms in operation or development in 65 countries. THE HOTEL Ideally positioned near the business district and convention centre and shopping complexes, the Radisson Blu Hotel in Birmingham is located in a 39storey glass skyscraper. This contemporary hotel offers **** stylish guest rooms and suites featuring floortoceiling windows, in addition to stateoftheart conference facilities, this Birmingham hotel features an awardwinning Italian restaurant, two bars, three spa treatment rooms and a health and fitness centre offering spectacular city views from the **** th floor. THE ROLE We have a fantastic opportunity for a talented individual to lead our Front Office department as Front Office Manager in achieving our financial and customer satisfaction goals. You will be part of a challenging department in achieving high standard of customer care, creating the ultimate customer experience within our busy and vibrant hotel. Key aspects to the role are as follows: To be fully conversant with room status to maximise room sales To ensure cover in all areas of the Front Office Department as and when required To be fully conversant with all Front Office departmental policies and procedures To prepare, implement and report on departmental goals and training plan To ensure all Front Office Operations are adequately staffed To ensure Front Desk staff are quoting correct roomrates and using yield management system to maximise on average rate and revenue Maximise customer satisfaction and utilisation of hotel facilities by promoting hotel facilities to guests Maintains a safe and healthy environment for guests and fellow colleagues THE PERSON We are looking for an individual who wants to take the lead in their future career within Hospitality, who has the qualities to encourage and empower themselves and the hotel team to take ownership and to participate in decisions that affect them and the business. The right person must be a team player who can motivate the team to go beyond the guest expectations and who is able to take and give direction in order to achieve great success within their future with the Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group. Having a Yes I Can approach to working life is essential for this position. Minimum of two years previous management experience in a **** star property in a similar position Knowledge of Opera is an advantage Provides leadership and motivation to maximise employee productivity and satisfaction Highly motivated and enthusiastic individual Excellent communication skills are essential Focus on exceeding customer expectations Openminded towards different shifts; early mornings, evenings as well as weekends Fluency in English, both written and orally THE PACKAGE Our teams enjoy a competitive salary and an exciting range of benefits; a few that may tempt you are discounted accommodation rates at our hotels worldwide, food beverage, contributory pension scheme, complimentary meal on duty, uniform to name a few. Do you have the spirit, flexibility and confidence to make a difference? If so then your career starts here at The Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/FrontOfficeManager_job****