Title: Deputy Manager  Fun & Vibrant Restaurant Group  Newbury
Webindex: 70144104
Company: The Edge Recruitment Ltd
Description: Assistant Manager  Fun Vibrant Restaurant  Newbury The Business This is a great opportunity to join a genuinely wonderful restaurant business who, year on year have shown success and growth which has in turn provided huge opportunities for new managers. They are continuing to expand and grow in key locations across the UK. They are family friendly and offer top quality meals at very competitive prices – It’s the mix of accessibility, value for money and food quality that has made this business highly enviable in the branded restaurant sector. With over **** restaurants across the UK (And growing), this is a company that lives and breathes internal promotion, therefore opportunities will be available for high achievers. Assistant Manager  Fun Vibrant Restaurant  Newbury What They Are Looking For The ability to manage a large team. Work well within a high pressured but fun environment. Contribute to a company that promotes fun, fairness and a family feel. Proven success of managing high volume establishment. Determined with a drive to succeed. Passion for leading, developing and driving a large team Assistant Manager  Fun Vibrant Restaurant  Newbury Who They Are Looking For You will be able to show significant achievement in the hospitality sector Experience working at management level in a high volume business Experience in a branded establishment is preferred. Demonstrates fun and teamwork in the workplace. Approachable, accessible with a passion for the industry. Assistant Manager  Fun Vibrant Restaurant  Newbury What To Do Next / How We Can Help If you have the correct experience and skills for our client, Edge Recruitment will work closely with you and prepare you for all interview stages. We understand our clients’ needs and can therefore ensure your interview experience is a positive one. Edge Recruitment are a professional recruitment consultancy who recruit managers and chefs for renowned restaurant businesses across the UK. If this position doesn’t sound 100% right for you then we are still keen to see your CV. Apply Today Edge Recruitment. Finding the best restaurant assistant managers in Newbury Looking for an assistant manager for restaurants in Newbury This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/DeputyManagerFunVibrantRestaurantGroupNewbury_job****