Title: Fitness Coach / Fitness Instructor / Personal Trainer
Webindex: 71528483
Company: De Vere Hotels & Village Urban Resorts
Description: Work out, max out, chill out…that’s what we encourage at VILLAGE. It’s about a way of life where VILLAGE health and fitness offers a unique fitness experience which stands out from the rest. It’s not a typical hotel gym that’s quiet, airy, lifeless and formal, where people feel intimidated or embarrassed. Members in their thousands, come from the local community and business sectors to spend their leisure time working out and enjoying the many benefits of being a member at VILLAGE. VILLAGE health and fitness has a very modern feel with over **** pieces of state of the art equipment, a **** metre pool, extensive classes, personal training, MYZone, retail shops and generous leisure and hotel discounts, all rolled into what we call “Perfect Fit”, our amazing members programme designed by double Olympic champion Dame Kelly Holmes, allowing members to get the very most out of their membership. Your role is to assist the Leisure Club Manager and Team Leaders in delivering the highest possible standards to members. You will carry out Perfect Fit Sessions, Coaching Personal Training, as well as monitoring the pool area with the flexibility to deliver some classes in line with the class timetable. This is all combined with the ongoing monitoring of the gym floor during your hours of work, health and safety roles and daily cleaning. You ensure our club is more than just a place to work out; it’s a way of life for our members. You achieve this by focusing on assisting our members in achieving their goals and getting the most out of their leisure club membership through the Perfect Fit Programme. Personality is everything You’ll love sports, fitness and the leisure industry, and be able to build relationships with members quickly. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/FitnessCoachFitnessInstructorPersonalTrainer_job****