Title: General Manager  Plush Premium Style Bar & Dining  Central Glasgow
Webindex: 70568505
Company: PTHR International Restaurants & Bars
Description: A General Manager or Senior General Manager is required for this Stylish, Vibrant Restaurant and Bar Venue in Central Glasgow Telephone interviews now being done for General Manager / Senior General Manager – apply now General Manager  Employer Details – The Lowdown: Our client is a market leader in stylish bar and restaurant venues. With an everexpanding estate the current portfolio spreads from fine dining restaurants through to high volume style bars. They are one of the most exciting and innovative operators in the country. The Company’s philosophy is to identify under developed, prime sites; to design and develop these into unique, stylish and imaginative venues; and to promote attract, empower and develop General Managers who commit to their company ethos. Demonstrating a mature attitude towards dining and socializing General Manager’s ensure their venues have remained popular destinations through the imagination and creativity applied to the development of menus right through to the music played, with a strong emphasis on quality of product, consistency of standards of service and the desire to exceed ALL guest expectations on every visit. General Manager  Role Description A s General Manager, you truly are accountable for the business. Reporting to the concept director, you will be exceptionally confident about all aspects of you business. Able to demonstrate your internal controls with regards to labour, stock and staff are a given, but you will be totally committed to your guests. You will be the main point of focus for your management team, and with a workforce in excess of **** people you will be able to demonstrate excellent levels of communication, direction and delegation. You will be a calming influence, and able to deliver the best your business has to offer, even under the most pressured situations. Coordinate the front and back of house operations. You will have full P L responsibility and that means the ability to forecast, and write correct budgets for the forthcoming quarters and new financial year . General Manager  Role Requirements You really must be a very strong General Manager, with an exceptional and proven track record in business management. You lead completely by example You will relish the challenge of running one of the most aspirational environments on the market You must have a minimum of 2 years proven General Management experience with in a recognised market leading organisation and be able to provide first class references. You will be fully conversant in health and safety legislation and be systems and standards driven. You will have a passion for getting things done systemically, correctly but most importantly completely. You will need to be able to forge strong relationships with the local business community and be able to build sales. You must have proven experience in both wet and dry operations with strong staff management experience and are a proven cost controller. If you are an all rounder who wants a new challenging, with a proactive attitude this is the ideal opportunity for you. General Manager  Salary Benefits Salary Circa ****k basic  Bonus General Manager  Eligibility You must be eligible to live and work in the UK This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GeneralManagerPlushPremiumStyleBarDiningCentralGlasgow_job****