Title: PURCHASING ASSISTANT, WINCHESTER
Webindex: 67017233
Company: Hot Recruitment Consultants
Description: Purchasing Assistant, Winchester: An excellent opportunity has arisen for a Purchasing Assistant in Winchester, Hampshire. This is working for a dynamic servicing and MOT Centre which has a reputation for great service and is part of the UK’s fastest growing tyre retailer and wholesaler, employing over **** people. The role of Purchasing Assistant is initially on a temporary basis for 3 months with progression into a permanent role. THE ROLE The role of Purchasing Assistant has an opportunity to progress within a dynamic purchasing office and involves:  Supporting the existing purchasing team  Performing routine procedures  Building, collating and processing orders to suppliers  Handling logistic issues  General administration  All other day to day dealings between the company and their suppliers. THE PERSON In the role of Purchasing Assistant you will be reporting to the Purchasing Manager and the ideal candidate will be:  Highly computer literate  Quick to learn  Able to work from own initiative with a high degree of organizational skill  Able to work under pressure. This position would ideally suit an applicant who has some previous experience in a buying / logistics role and is looking to develop with training and experience. As a Purchasing Assistant, you will work 42 hours per week, Monday to Friday and offers a salary package of **** to **** per annum. HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients’ business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Purchasing Assistant will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Purchasing, Buying, Logistics, Warehouse , This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/PURCHASINGASSISTANTWINCHESTER_job****