Title: General Manager  Independent Restaurant & Lounge Bar  NEW OPENING
Webindex: 71276824
Company: Bee Recruitment London Ltd
Description: General Manager  Independent Stylish Local Restaurant and Lounge Bar –West London NEW OPENING Salary around ****K plus a very good work life balance The Client – General Manager This small but perfectly formed group have been building a portfolio of very cool local restaurants in some of London's most fashionable areas over the last few years. These are the kind of restaurants that the locals love so much they don’t want to tell anyone else about them. With a cutting edge design, great service, amazing food and an unrivalled passion for wine you don’t get much cooler. This brand new restaurant is looking for a dynamic general manager to help with the opening. The Role – General Manager As the General Manager in this new site you will be heavily involved with the opening. You will be a very hands on General Manager, running shifts, motivating managing your team and delivering great service. You will create an amazing team with passion and energy. This is an exciting place to work. Essential Skills Experience  General Manager We're looking for a General Manager with at least 2 years experience from a quality restaurant background. You will have great people skills and lots of confidence on the floor with huge amount of energy. You will have a passion for wine and good honest food with wholesome flavours Rewards – General Manager Great Package – ****k Exciting, challenging environment Chance to join a dynamic, expanding company Candidate Information, General Manager All candidates must provide proof of identity and eligibility to work in the UK along with and relevant supporting qualifications. Bee Recruitment is an equal opportunities employer, a recruitment agency dedicated to recruitment in the hospitality industry. Please send your CV to Taffeta at taffetabeerec.com or call on **** Due to the high number of applicants we receive sadly we cannot reply to everyone, therefore if you do not hear back from us within 5 days please assume you have been unsuccessful this time This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GeneralManagerIndependentRestaurantLoungeBarNEWOPENING_job****