Title: Night Receptionist
Webindex: 68704943
Company: Beaumont House
Description: Night Receptionist The Company Principal Hayley Hotels and Conference Venues is an innovative, forward thinking group of key city centre upscale hotels and dedicated conference venues across the UK and Europe. Following a rapid growth in **** the collection is now **** strong with ambitious and exciting plans to continue growth throughout Europe. With a company vision to be the best upscale conference training and events led group in Europe, there s no better time to join the group and play a fundamental part towards us achieving our vision. The Venue Set amid forty acres of magnificent landscaped grounds in the Royal Borough of Windsor, historic Beaumont Estate is unrivalled in Europe as a stunning residential meeting and conference venue. The property boasts 414 bedrooms, **** meeting rooms and extensive leisure facilities. The Role We currently have a vacancy for a Full Time Night Receptionist reporting into the Front Office Manager/ Night Manager assisting with the smooth running of the department, working as a team to ensure that deadlines are met. Duties and Responsibilities of the Night Receptionist To supply the highest possible level of guest care and service to the guests internal and external To provide a warm welcome to all guests To maintain the correct standard of dress as laid out in both the departmental standard and Company grooming standards Adhere to all Hotel Policies and Procedures To be fully aware of the Hotel Facilities and rates To assist guests with enquiries To check guests in/out, quickly and efficiently using the Hotel computerisd system Assist with the Night Audit Assist guests with luggage Provide night drinks for guests once the Tempus Bar has closed Ensure lobby area is clean, tidy and presentable for the following day Assist with room set ups if required Our Ideal Night Receptionist Previous experience in a similar role within conference/hospitality would be an advantage Ideal candidate will be able to communicate in English to a high level Knowledge of operations within a Hotel or conference venue would be an advantage Knowledge of Opera or Fidelio would be advantageous Flexible, reliable with a smiley disposition Able to work with a willingness to assist other departments Hours of work  The position is a full time role (****hrs) and would primarily operate around the needs of the business. Due to the nature of the business, you would be required to work weekends. Night Receptionist Benefits Holidays  28 days, including bank holidays. Company pension scheme, meals on duty, uniform provided, discounted accommodation within the group. Free car parking, complimentary use of the leisure facilities. Awarded complimentary breaks within the group for every years service. Invitations to attend our Birthday & Anniversary Lunches. Discounts available on Virgin Holidays, discounted airport parking. A unique debit card, which enables you to receive fantastic bonuses from many leading high street retailers. Plus many more for you to choose from our PH Privileges Scheme.