Title: Guest Relations Agent
Webindex: 71956844
Company: The Doyle Collection
Description: The Doyle Collection At The Doyle Collection we are leaders in development and setting standards of excellence in the luxury hotel sector, one of the world's most dynamic and successful industries. A select group of urban havens in six major cities throughout Ireland, the UK and the USA, The Doyle Collection employs over one thousand of the most skilled, professional and dedicated people that the industry has to offer. Our hotels inhabit the most fashionable quarters of the most soughtafter cities, and each one is a unique reflection of its setting, providing business and leisure travellers with a truly memorable luxury experience. The Kensington Hotel now has an excellent opportunity available for a Guest Relations Agent to join our team Purpose: To provide the guest with an efficient and friendly service, while ensuring the department operates in an organised manner. Ensure a professional, friendly and courteous service to all guests. Key Responsibilities: To manage all incoming and internal phonecalls to the hotel. To organise all guest's daily amenities and all special requests. To be familiar with the day's business, including arrivals, departures, special requests, etc. To have thorough understanding of the hotel and location to ensure efficient and accurate information is communicated to all of our guests and colleagues. To offer guest services such as wakeup calls, information on the hotel and the local surroundings. Communicate hotel services to guests, i.e. opening and closing times and Food Beverage outlets, advise what amenities are available e.g. bar, dinner, snacks, etc. Handle all guest enquiries and complaints in a professional manner. The ideal candidate for this position: Must be courteous and focused on providing a consistently high standard of customer service Must be standards driven and detailorientated Must have the ability to multitask in fastpaced environment Must be flexible with regards to hours Must have a good command of the English Language Must have excellent selfpresentation Should have previous experience in similar role Should have experience using Opera or similar reservations system Benefits package: Competitive salary Meals on Duty Provision and laundry of uniform Discounted Health Insurance Employee Discounts Educational Support Employee Recognition Awards The Doyle Collection is an equal opportunities employer. We do not require the assistance of recruitment agencies at this time. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GuestRelationsAgent_job****