Title: Training Manager (Newly Created Role) London
Webindex: 71528733
Company: Levant Group
Description: Training Manager (Newly Created Role) London We are looking for an ambitious, entrepreneurial, careerist Training Manager who is keen to have a significant impact on the business and progress and develop within it. This position reports directly to the Managing Director. Who We Are Looking For The successful Training Manager will be able to demonstrate the following:  Experience working as a Training Manager within a contemporary London Restaurant group.  A strong understanding of Restaurant operations gained from working in Restaurant Operations  An organised systematic approach coupled with the ability and experience to write training manuals and formalise the training department.  The ability to plan and develop a pipeline of trained individuals ready to play key parts in the company’s expansion plans  Magnetic, Motivational and Gregarious personality  Passion and Pride ensuring that all those who you train are inspired by your methodology guests continue to enjoy the experience for which the company has become recognized  Traits that clearly demonstrate the ability to work as a team to achieve goals Skill Required The group needs someone who can deliver the highest quality training delivery and management to enable the restaurants to meet the business needs at all times. They must be flexible, extroverted, have boundless enthusiasm and selfmotivation together with high standards and a good sense of humour, and be able to mentor and manage other trainers. The company is looking for an excellent communicator – outgoing and articulate – as you will have to build a rapport with the Founder, MD, Operations Manager, General Managers and staff. You should have a raw passion for food, drink, service and hospitality, as well as technical operational knowledge gained from previous experience along with a sound commercial awareness. To succeed in this position the successful candidate will need to demonstrate experience of the entire training cycle and a track record in designing and delivering management and soft skills training. They will have previously implemented or worked with successful talent management and will be able to demonstrate a commitment to customer service. The ideal candidate will be a proven, ‘hands on’ stand up trainer, with relevant management development skills and experience of design and delivery of a full range of training materials. You will have a strong character and stamina to deal with the pressures that the pace within this role includes. This is a fantastic opportunity for the right candidate to develop the company’s training set up in an exciting fast paced environment where no two days are the same. As a minimum, the successful candidate must have:  Minimum 2 years previous training manager experience gained in the hospitality sector.  Ideally previous restaurant operational experience  Creative and innovative solutions  Good stand up delivery  Confidence and ability to develop and deliver own material for both staff and management training and development  Experience at managing the training requirements for new openings The Rewards  A salary of c****  A realistic and generous quarterly bonus  Career Progression within the Group – this position will develop into a Head of Department role The company The Levant Group operates a number of quality, authentic neighbourhood Middle Eastern restaurants across London, including Levant and Kenza. In **** we launched a new concept; Comptoir Libanais, which is now a leader in the current market place offering freshly made Lebanese food in a casual and contemporary environment. It is supported by an authentic Middle Eastern merchandising range which adds a unique selling point and provides a retail income to the business. The Group also has a further brand; Shawa, a gourmet shawarma concept. T he business is privately owned, well funded and well managed by a dedicated team of experienced restaurateurs. All sites feature dynamic open kitchens where guests can enjoyed the experience of chefs creating dishes from the best fresh ingredients. The food is prepared fresh daily typically sourced from local suppliers. The sites are hugely atmospheric with noise and colour in abundance. Having been established for numerous years we are poised to open at least **** new sites in 2013 with ambitious plans to open a further **** within the next 67 years What Next? If you would like to know more or you would like to apply for this exciting Training Manager opportunity, please email me, Sue Crozier at sue.croziertalktalk.net or apply on line. I look forward to hearing from you. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/TrainingManagerNewlyCreatedRoleLondon_job****