Title: Spa Receptionist  Amazing **** Star Operation  Based in a Hotel Live In
Webindex: 67562228
Company: JAP Associates
Description: Company Information: Our client is has been voted as one of the ‘Best Hotel Spas in Europe and has recently undergone a major refurbishment and extensive development to ensure the Spa remains at the top of its game. The Spa is based within a **** Star Luxury Hotel on Jersey and has over the years build a strong client base for both Corporate and Leisure guests alongside a strong local clientele base. The hotel itself has also won awards for dining and service making this one of the best hotels on the island to stay. This is also mirrored in the working environment for employees where they receive excellent training and development and the opportunity to succeed. The Spa is currently recruiting for a Spa Receptionist to join the Spa team to start in early Jan 2013. Interviews are being held now Job description: As Spa Receptionist you role will involve assisting the Spa Management team in maintaining the highest level of service in all aspects of the Spa operation. You will be responsible for the day to day running of the Spa Reception; this will include making bookings and effective management of the Spa booking system. The role will also involve billing and maintaining accounting procedures and up selling and promoting the Spa products and services. The hours will be based on a shift pattern over 7 days with 2 days off, however you will not be expected to work past 8pm in the evening. Ideal Background: Our client is seeking candidates that have previous hotel Spa reception experience within a **** or **** Star Hotel within the UK or Europe. It is essential you are able to demonstrate excellent customer service and communication skills both verbally and written. You must be able to work under pressure and be self motivated, with a desire to exceed guest expectations. Salary and Benefits: The Salary for this of role of Spa Receptionist is ****; you will also receive staff accommodation at a subsidized cost with all meals and bills included. You will also benefit from lower tax benefits from working on the Channel Islands. In order to process your application please forward you CV in word document to Justine Perry justine.perryjapassociates.co.uk JAP Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. In accordance and compliance with the “Asylum and Immigration Act ****” all applicants applying for the above position will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to live and work in the United Kingdom.