Title: General Manager  The Hop Pole Bath
Webindex: 71275707
Company: Bath Ales
Description: We are looking for an exceptionally talented, motivated and ambitious General Manager to lead our exciting team at The Hop Pole in Bath. Best described as a country pub in the heart of the city, The Hop Pole is a great place for a pint and outstanding cuisine. As General Manager of this great city centre pub you will have outstanding standards with the ability to effectively communicate with the kitchen brigade and front of house teams. Your leadership and enthusiasm for working with a diverse range of real ale will be your success factor. This is an opportunity to develop an already established and passionate team and your desire for fresh, locally sourced ingredients is a must. This is a key position within the overall management team that will give you the chance to showcase your talent for exceptional service and whilst working closely with Head Office to ensure business compliance. The Hop Pole is a comfortable, spacious, friendly pub serving good food and topnotch beer. During the summer months and periods of fine weather, the garden comes into its own and is the perfect place for mellow afternoon quaffing – boasting fine foods to be accompanied by equally fine cask ales and wines. Our ideal candidate will have the desire and motivation to engage their team in delivering the exceptional service that is associated with all Bath Ales pubs. You will oversee both front of house and back of house operations whilst working closely with the Head Chef to develop menu ideas and adhere to our food brief. When it comes to expanding our family of pubs and restaurants we only choose places whose character, location and potential all fit with what we and our customers like. With this in mind, this is an excellent opportunity for a strong and ambitious General Manager with a proven record within a similar environment to lead an exceptional team. If you’re interested in this position please email your CV below for the attention of Stacey Day with a covering letter detailing why you are interested in this position. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GeneralManagerTheHopPoleBath_job****