Title: Chef Manager  independent school
Webindex: 68706685
Company: Pabulum
Description: With a reputation for excellent service and fabulous food we always put our customers first and as one of our chef managers we expect you to want to do the same. By developing a great working relationship with colleagues, clients, and customers alike you will be able to ensure the catering contract you are responsible for is always growing in the right direction. There are three basic ingredients for this role: The Food  You will show passion for the food you serve, you will be passionate about the ingredients and you will ensure your team deliver a consistently high level of food quality.  By agreeing, monitoring and maintaining standards and objectives with your team and your client, your commitment to food excellence means that the standard of food service delivery in your sites meets the Pabulum criteria  You will assess the food service offer and identify how to deliver required improvements through a site development programme and action plan  You will support the team in ensuring our standards for fabulous fresh food are maintained by ordering the right food from the right place at the right time The Numbers  You are required to carefully monitor quantities purchased and ensure invoices are reconciled accurately.  You should ensure that you are always purchasing the ‘best buys as advised by Pabulum.  All financial returns including payroll need to be completed and returned to head office on a timely basis with any short falls being reported to your line manager. The People  our clients, teams and customers  Happy customers always come back for more, so we expect you to ask for feedback and improvements on service delivery and food choice in order to ensure customer satisfaction  You will manage your team closely and hold monthly team meetings, working through problems and identifying solutions together  You will regularly review the teams performance and objectives by regular informal reviews  You will ensure the training records are completed accurately and kept up to date through regular review and training sessions. About you  You will have a craft back ground with qualifications to match and have experience in independent schools  The ability to communicate effectively to clients, site teams and customers alike.  With three years experience, preferably in a chef supervisory role and within the education sector we will also expect you to have a positive approach to your role and be passionate about food. At Pabulum, you re important, we know that without our employees we wouldn t be where we are today with such a strong, innovative and constantly growing business. With over 170 sites across the south east of England there s plenty of opportunity for you to grow and develop. You ll get a shiny new uniform, meals on shift and an excellent training and development programme along with regular reviews, holiday and sick pay. Safeguarding statement Staff employed in schools, colleges and further education establishments or other units where children or vulnerable adults may be present will be required to complete a Criminal Records Bureau (CRB) enhanced disclosure application form and provide two employment or character references that we can contact in writing.