Title: M&E Diary Manager
Webindex: 70383453
Company: Millennium & Copthorne Hotels plc 
Description: Perfectly situated in the heart of fashionable Mayfair , the **** Star Deluxe **** Room Millennium Hotel London Mayfair with its Georgian faade has all the discreet charm and elegance of an exclusive private residence. We are passionate about what we do and when guests walk through our doors, they are greeted with a warm welcome and service which is gracious yet reserved, often unnoticed but never forgotten, anticipative, effortless, consistent and personable. No request is ever too big or too small and every employee is empowered to exceed expectations by taking ownership of requests and concerns, so that our guests feel valued and look forward to their next visit. We currently have a great opportunity to join our team as a Meeting and Events Diary Manager. Reporting to the Director of Sales. This is a fulltime and permanent position. This role involves maximizing the revenue and occupancy of all Meetings and Events function rooms by proactively driving sales through the Meeting and Events Sales team. The main duties of the role include :  Being responsible for managing all Meeting and Events Sales Executives and staff.  Motivating and Training Meeting and Events staff to ensure their best performance.  To handle and ensure that the team handles all telephone and written enquiries as to availability for potential meeting or function space within the required timeframe.  To maximise the occupancy of all Meetings and Events function rooms whilst maintaining revenue and profit guidelines set.  To have a constant up to date knowledge as to future monthly activity and highlight to the Director of Sales potential weaknesses together with recommended strategic action plan.  To ensure that all bookings in Opera are entered in an accurate manner in accordance with their requirements as per standard operating procedures.  To maintain excellent relationships with all bookers including event organisers, party planner's conference agents and private hosts.  To prepare all required provisional revenue forecasts and weekly/monthly statistical information for Director of Sales and Director of Meeting and Events.  To conduct show round site visits with prospective clients.  To ensure that all client correspondence is prioritised and responded to in accordance with Standard Operating Procedures.  Closely monitor accounts’ revenue and business production and highlight any troughs to the Director of Sales  To ensure that Banquet Event Orders are issued as required and are accurate  To ensure that all revenues's are posted and monies are obtained from the client  To ensure that all events receive a post event call Shift Pattern: Core Hours/Shifts : Monday – Friday 9am 5.30pm (**** hrs Approx) However, you will be expected to work outside of these hours and additional hours when necessary, including weekends and bank holidays, subject to business needs. The ideal candidate for this position needs to be a strong organized people manager with at least 12 months experience in an applicable Assistant Meeting and Events Management role . Must be well presented, with a warm personality and good communication skills, strong written and spoken English and a high level of computer literacy and numeracy. Millennium Copthorne Hotels is a hotel company with over **** hotels worldwide. We offer a good benefits package as well as real opportunities to develop and gain promotion within this industry. We are keen to welcome applications from all sectors of society as appointments are based on merit only. PLEASE ONLY APPLY FOR THIS POSITION IF YOU ARE CURRENTLY LIVING IN AND HAVE THE RIGHT TO WORK FULL TIME IN THE UK WITH NO RESTRICTIONS We are unable to apply to work visa’s or UK entry clearance. Visit www.millenniumhotels.co.uk/mayfair This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/MEDiaryManager_job****