Title: Manager Fresh Food Led Country Pub Independent Quality Company live In
Webindex: 71407062
Company: JAP Associates
Description: Company Information: Our client is Independent pub and hotel operator; they are currently recruiting for a Manager for their food led Country Pub. The pub is a very popular choice for both visitors to the area as it is situated on of the most stunning locations in Hampshire and with its home from home feel caterers for a wide selection of clientele. They have also developed an excellent reputation in the local area for their food, service and general ambiance which really makes this stand out from the crowd Job description: As Pub Manager you will responsible for the day to day running of the operation, ensuring a high level of service and standards are delivered across the board. You will be dealing with suppliers managing GP s and driving sales. A key part of this role will be the marketing and promotion of the operation and building on their current success. This is hands on role and requires a real personality who can build strong relationships with the local clientele and also attract customers from further afield. Ideal Background: It is vital you have previous gastro pub or high end fresh food led pub management experience. You must be able to demonstrate excellent attention to detail and leadership skills. Along with the ability to drive sales, manage costs and implement marketing ideas and strategies This role may suit a strong deputy or experienced manager looking for a fresh challenge. Salary and Benefits: Our client is offering a salary of **** for this Pub Managers role plus a generous bonus based on sales, profit and key objectives, a share of gratuities. This role also comes with the added option of low cost live in on site. In order to process your application please forward you CV in word document to justine.perryjapassociates.co.uk JAP Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. In accordance and compliance with the “Asylum and Immigration Act ****” all applicants applying for the above position will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to live and work in the United Kingdom.