Title: Kitchen Manager  London
Webindex: 66669675
Company: Metro Professionals
Description: Working at a Metro Professionals pub If individuality is what you value most, this eclectic mix of cool urban pubs is a great place for you to build your food and drink skills. Distinctive pubs that locals call home Do you think a pub s personality should reflect the people that use it? We think so. Each pub is unique from the Garden Gate near Hampstead Heath which runs Pup Idol every summer, to the White Horse in Parson's Green, famous for its cask ales, huge range of everchanging draught beers and amazing American Beer Festival. A collection of pubs with an independent feel where professionals can enjoy great fresh food and one of the best drinks range in the country. You ll be encouraged to think on your feet and make your pub perfect for its local community. Welcome to Metro Professionals The Railway Tavern The Railway Tavern is special because it is situated about half a minute's walk from Clapham North tube station. It's a busy summer site with both front and back gardens plus a garden bar. It has had significant investment over the last couple of years and shown very healthy sales and profit growth, remaining one of the top performing sites in Castle. BBQ s are an important part of our offer in the summer. It s famous for the individuality of its d cor, the personality of its people and the originality of its menu, with its mouthwatering range of pub classics with a unique twist. So if your idea of your daily bread is foccaccia with goat s cheese and a sprig of something herby, the role of Kitchen Manager with us could be just the thing for you What you ll do in this role In a Metro Professionals kitchen the dishes are designed to surprise and delight a discerning clientele that demands a little more excitement than meat and two veg . As Kitchen Manager you ll be inspiring your team to deliver them. You ll have an eye for detail making sure that every dish is sheer perfection as it makes its way from kitchen to table. You ll be responsible for training and motivating your staff ensuring a perfect blend in the kitchen You ll be responsible for food stock control and ordering You ll be accountable for the kitchen s financial performance You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding managerial career with us What will make you perfect for the job? Kitchen Manager / team leader experience in a high volume, branded environment A passion for delivering great food and an obsessive attention to detail ensuring that every dish that leaves the kitchen leaves a guest satisfied Leadership qualities with the enthusiasm and charisma to inspire your team Attention to the maintenance of profit margins Strict about conforming to health and hygiene regulations Excellent communication skills Enthusiasm, a strong work ethic and a hunger to learn Minimum level 2 food safety (and preferably higher) What we offer Highly competitive salary Attractive Kitchen Manager bonus package up to ****k Opportunity to join a defined contribution pension scheme 5 weeks paid holiday Other lifestyleflexible benefits If you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places apply now