Title: Assistant ManagerFood and Beverage
Webindex: 68837670
Company: Towngate Personnel
Description: BUSY HOTELTOWN LOCATION60 BEDROOMS PLUS ASSISTANT MANAGER This busy hotel situated in this quaint town which is quite close to Epsom is currently recruiting for an Assistant Manager (responsible for Food and Beverage) to start work as soon as possible. Reporting directly to the Operations Manager/General Manager you will be responsible for dealing with all guests in a particular and professional manner, paying attention to all guest requirements.You will also be responsible for dealing with all guest complaints within the hotel. Other duties and responsibilities of the role will include: To plan, organise and control the day to day operation. Communicating and delegating duties to the team. Understanding the day to day business and the implications on various departments to ensure the smooth running of the hotel. Ensuring adequate resources are available for the day and planning for the future. Taking action where necessary for the department/ hotel. Completing Duty Manager shifts Ensure that cellar ledgers are maintained and entered correctly. Ensure that all requisitions are completed and entered along with delivery notes on ledgers. The safe keeping of all company assets, equipment, stock and keys. To comply with company policy on placing orders. To ensure that food and beverage stock holdings are kept to an absolute minimum whilst providing the best service possible. To assist with stock takes on a regular basis, and prepare paperwork required. An excellent opportunity which would suit someone who has a strong background in Food and Beverage and has worked in a management role (within a hotel) before You should be good at training and developing a team and take great pride in leading from the front. Apply now without delay We value all applications, however due to the volume of response we are currently receiving, we are only able to contact candidates whose skills and experience closely match the requirements of our clients. In line with the requirements of the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK . As part of the recruitment process, you will be asked to provide documented evidence of eligibility. In line with the requirements of the Employment Agencies Act **** Towngate Personnel are prohibited from charging workseekers for work finding services. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerFoodandBeverage_job****