Title: Sous Chef  Kylesku Hotel
Webindex: 69470987
Company: Kylesku Hotel
Description: Sous Chef  Kylesku Hotel First job of the day: Don the wellies and fetch the langoustines straight from the boat. Second job of the day: Check to see the herbs have survived the nightly raids from the local deer. If this sounds up your street, read on We are passionate about the produce we work with, and are fortunate to have such an amazing larder on our doorstep. Our philosophy is to use the highest quality, local ingredients and to serve our food simply, beautifully and honestly. Situated on the edge of a sealoch off the NW coast of Scotland, Kylesku Hotel is an awardwinning, independently run small hotel. Recently renovated to a high standard, our aim is to offer our guests the most spectacular scenery, food and service in the area. We are now recruiting for the 2013 season, and are looking for an experienced sous chef, able to work alongside the chefowner, as part of a brigade of **** We run an all day operation, serving up to **** covers a day at the height of the season. Whilst this position is currently a temporary one, an opportunity may exist to reevaluate this in the future. What we offer you: • A unique opportunity to work with a vast array of amazingly fresh local produce (straight off the boats), fishermen and local crofters. • Exposure to all areas of the operation, including the daytoday running of the kitchen in the owners absence, training of the team and creating daily specials • A genuinely interested, supportive and fun working environment. • A great package, with ? livein ' accommodation. • An opportunity to live and work in an area of outstanding natural beauty. What we expect from you: • Our ideal chef will have relevant experience of working with a gastrostyle menu, and skill to meet our high standards across all sections. • A highlymotivated selfstarter, with a genuine passion for food and desire to please the diner. • A level headed person, able to form great working relationships at all levels and to work under pressure. • You would be equally comfortable helping to create and lead the team as well as working part of it. • You would be expected to work on a full range of tasks from creating and cooking main courses to doing the washing up. Key elements include stock control, ordering and ensuring compliance with due diligence and food safety procedures. All applicants must be entitled to work in the UK, and be fluent in English. Please email your CV Covering letter by clicking 'APPLY NOW' This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SousChefKyleskuHotel_job****