Title: Restaurant Team Member (Casual)  Brigade
Webindex: 70382985
Company: De Vere Venues
Description: Restaurant Team Member (Casual Hours) Brigade, based at the historic fire station on Tooley Street, London SE1, is a new bar and bistro. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Restaurant Team Member (Casual) who will be required to ensure all guests expectations are met during their restaurant experience. Responsibilities of casual Restaurant Team Member:  Provide and excellent standard of hospitality  Preparing the restaurant ready for service  Controlling stock  Handling the till.  Have in depth knowledge of menu offerings Benefits included for a casual Restaurant Team Member:  **** per hour, including service charge  28 days holidays including bank holidays  Family Friends discounts across the Group  Stakeholders Pension Scheme  Meals on duty  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. You will be working in a busy environment which requires a consistency in customer service, flexibility and being able to work well under pressure. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Restaurant Team Member (Casual) apply now by forwarding your current CV to Marc Alexander together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space – a forward thinking business with personality creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Brigade is a dedicated event and private dining space, boasting a wine tasting lounge and a cook school. It is the ideal setting for both corporate and social events, and offers a fun and informal atmosphere. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/RestaurantTeamMemberCasualBrigade_job****