Title: Chef De Partie / CDP
Webindex: 70232398
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Chef De Partie: Up to **** pa (Inc bonus) Location: Near Crawley / Gatwick Airport / Horsham Industry: Hotel / Hospitality A beautifully presented Hotel, with excellent ratings for their restaurant, bar and wedding facilities, now looking for **** Chef De Parties with a passion for cooking to join their very well established and friendly team. A fantastic opportunity for Chefs who want to cook within a well established country Hotel with a fantastic reputation. Job Directly supporting the Head Chef and Sous Chef for breakfast, lunch and dinner, with occasions when you will run a service and be chef in charge. You role will have huge variety, taking on initiative to manage your own section and cover when the senior Chefs are absent.  To maintain a consistently high standard of food preparation for Hotel guests  To maintain standards of hygiene and cleanliness in the kitchen as set by regulations/legislation and Company requirements  To follow the kitchen cleaning schedule adhering at all time to COSHH regulations  To work as part of a team within the kitchen and the rest of the hotel  To check the quality, temperature and quantity of deliveries from external suppliers  To actively contribute and participate towards personal continued development  To prepare starters and desserts for lunch and dinner service  To prepare main course in the absence of the Sous chef  To compile menu ideas for the future  Manage the team in the absence of the Head/Sous chef  Run functions in the absence of the Head/Sous chef Candidate The ideal candidate will have a true passion for cooking and be a reliable and professional character with a positive and can do attitude. You will have a strong work ethic and enjoy being busy at all times, being actively involved in all aspects of the restaurants development. You must have:  Worked in a similar chef role previously  Have your own transport to reach a nearby country location to Gatwick, Horsham and Crawley Hours  You will work **** hours a week  Working earlies, lates and split shifts Salary and benefits  Up to **** basic, with annual bonus  Overtime available  28 Days holiday including bank holidays  Extensive ongoing hospitality training and personal development plans  Free onsite parking Keywords: Chef, CDP, Chef de partie, Commis, Head Chef, Kitchen, Hotel, Bar, Hospitality, Restaurant, Near Gatwick / Crawley / Horsham / West Sussex / Surrey / Dorking We will study your CV and compare it against our clients requirements for this role. If your skills and experience match our clients requirements, we will contact you within the next few days. Unfortunately, due to time constraints, we are unable to contact individuals who are unsuccessful to discuss their application. The Recruitment Place is an equal opportunities employer. We observe laws against discrimination and positively promote equal opportunities. Keywords: Chef, CDP, Chef de partie, Commis, Head Chef, Kitchen, Hotel, Bar, Hospitality, Restaurant