Title: Head Chef  Chester
Webindex: 69669049
Company: Vintage Inns
Description: Working at Vintage Inns If you value individuality and charm as much as we do, working in a traditional country pub is going to suit you down to the ground. With Head Chef vacancies across our cosy rural pubs and restaurants, you can find the perfect environment to make the most of your talents. Country dining with a modern twist Join our team and you ll be part of the warm, relaxed atmosphere you d expect from a country inn with a contemporary flavour, while learning your trade in one of the most stimulating and rewarding environments in the business. What s more every day at work will be in a perfect country retreat Welcome to Vintage Inns The Cheshire Cat is an iconic pub on the outskirts of Chester that is well known for its character and charm and fantastic gardens on the bank of the canal. It is as large as it is beautiful with a fantastic Inn Keepers Lodge next door. If you re looking for a workplace where you can thrive, the welcoming atmosphere of this beautifully restored pub will be just what you re looking for. As the Head Chef of a Vintage Inn you ll be in working in one of Britain s finest country pubs. This is a place in the heart of the countryside with cosy interiors retaining wonderful original features, simply dripping with individuality and style. People travel here from miles around for the superb seasonal food and fantastic service, so there ll be no standing still for you and your team What you ll do in this role As Head Chef, you ll be responsible for everything that goes into the kitchen and everything that comes out. You ll look after ordering, keep a wary eye on stock levels and tight control of budgets. So, if you can stand that kind of heat, you should get into our kitchen As Head Chef you ll make sure that every dish is sheer perfection as it makes its way from kitchen to table You ll be responsible for training and motivating your talented team You ll be responsible for food stock control and ordering You ll be accountable for the kitchen s financial performance You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding managerial career with us What will make you perfect for the job? At least 1 years experience of successfully managing a high volume partial fresh food kitchen Experience of recruiting, developing and retaining a talented team of chefs Being able to deal with high volume and the pressure of busy sessions Working in an organised manner, delivering brand standards and controls Being able to enthuse the team about dishes and their provenance Having a passion for fresh food and daily specials Taking an interest in the whole of the business and having ambitions to become a Manager in the future Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. What we offer Highly competitive salary Attractive Head Chef bonus package up to ****k Opportunity to join a defined contribution pension scheme 25 days paid holiday Other lifestyleflexible benefits Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.