Title: ASSISTANT MANAGER  GASTRO PUB AND RESTAURANT
Webindex: 68090874
Company: Detail2Leisure
Description: Fantastic opportunity for an Assistant Manager working for this leading branded gastro pub chain. Although branded, each site has an independent feel with a strong emphasis on desirable surroundings creating an ideal family environment. You must have previous management experience, coupled with a desire for setting and upholding company standards. The Company: Our client is one of the UK's leading operators of managed pubs, restaurants and leisure attractions offering eating, drinking and entertainment. They are one of the great names in licensed retailing and were at the forefront of the creation of the British pub we know today. This brand offers desirable surroundings making them the best pub restaurant for comfortable and relaxed conversation. It is a highly regarded brand throughout the sector and is synonymous with quality and service. Part of the appeal is the menu of old favourites with a few contemporary twists with the emphasis on freshly prepared food. Job Role  Assistant Manager  Gastro Pub and Restaurant: The role of the Assistant Manager involves the daytoday running of the site, leading by example and driving the business forward. You will adhere to company standards and procedures, motivating and developing your team. The role offers the successful applicant the opportunity to be at the forefront of leading this prestigious brand forward in its continuing development. Key Attributes  Assistant Manager  Gastro Pub and Restaurant: Similar experience is essential, ideally from a branded restaurant / foodled pub environment. Qualifications are an advantage. Ambition to continually drive the business forward. Excellent team player and leader. Key management and development skills. Good financial understanding. Detail****Leisure is a division of Detail **** Group Limited and acts as an employment agency. We are the chosen recruitment partner for many of the UK's leading hospitality leisure companies. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ASSISTANTMANAGERGASTROPUBANDRESTAURANT_job****