Title: Front of House Supervisor, Suffolk, Boutique Hotel, ****k
Webindex: 68292223
Company: Red Star Associates   Hospitality Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Front of House Supervisor The Candidate Requirement: Front of House Supervisor We are looking for an exceptional front of house professional to oversee the day to day running of the department leading and developing a team of 3 receptionists, rate management on a day to day basis, leading and developing new and existing sales initiatives,financial reporting, dealing with customer complaints and ensuring that all guests have a positive experience. You should be a customer focussed individual with previous Hotel reception and reservations supervisory experience. Since you will be responsible for a small team, you will be conversant with all administration and cash handling procedures. You will need to be a confident, vibrant, professional team player with good communication skills. Our Client: Front of House Supervisor This long established hotel is a period building, now a more refined operation. Luxurious finishes set in chic surroundings is the best way to describe this privately owned property. Inside, there are comfortable lounge areas and a contemporary restaurant, where good local ingredients are prepared with skill and minimal fuss. Benefits: Front of House Supervisor Uniform provided and free meals on duty. Assistance with accommodation available. Good package and benefits for the right candidate. Suffolk ****k n.b. You must hold an EU Work Permit valid for at least 18 months to be eligible for this role.  Please note, only candidates with the specified experience will receive a response. About Red Star Associates: Red Star Associates is an independent organisation specialising in Hospitality Recruitment. We are here to assist you in developing your career further within the hospitality industry.We offer vast opportunities across the board and specialise in the some of the finest establishments throughout the country  including those from Relais Chateaux, and with accolades such as AA red stars, Michelin stars and AA rosettes, from mainly a portfolio of privately owned properties. We offer a highly efficient and personal service believing that by getting to know both our candidates and clients well, we can ascertain their needs far better and make successful placements for both parties.