Title: Restaurant Supervisor  Weddings Venue  Herts  with live in
Webindex: 68505053
Company: G Squared Recruitment
Description: Bespoke Weddings Venue  North Herts  Rosette Standard  ****k circa Are you a Restaurant Supervisor or an experienced Waiter/Waitress ready for a new challenge and ready to step up to Restaurant Supervisor? G Squared Recruitment is actively looking for a charismatic and driven Restaurant Supervisor to help run the floor of this Rosette restaurant, set in a bespoke country hotel. Located in Hertfordshire, within easy reach of the A**** and North London. This lovely hotel can offer job security, career progression and job satisfaction. Our retained client is expanding its venue and therefore the successful Restaurant Supervisor can expect superb career opportunities, whilst have the chance to grow, develop and learn further skills. My client is keen to appoint a Restaurant Supervisor who is experienced in delivering great service with a keen interest in fresh food. As Restaurant Supervisor you will: Assist in the supervision of Restaurant waiting staff and running of the floor Assist the Restaurant Manager on several C B events such as weddings and conferences Ensure to deliver excellent friendly service Liaise with the kitchen team Be hands on and efficient Are you: Relaxed with bags of personality, customer focused and smart? Looking to move up within the Hospitality industry? Looking for a hotel where you can develop and progress in your career? Upbeat, vibrant and professional? Interviews and trials can be arranged immediately with my client, so please do not wait and get in touch. This role offers a generous salary, great development prospects and accommodation if required. I would like to thank you for your interest shown in this position. Please note that we take your application very seriously, but must stress that applications will only be answered in person if they match the criteria of the position advertised. Please send your CV DIRECT TO dianegsquaredrecruitment.co.uk Bespoke Weddings Venue  North Herts  Rosette Standard  ****k circa