Title: Head Chef Funky Community Lounge Bar
Webindex: 68292241
Company: Catering Services International
Description: Head Chef/Kitchen Manager required for trendy community restaurant/bar in Brighton The Package circa **** plus great career progression opportunities The Company Our client is an up and coming group that is going from strength to strength and is quickly becoming one of the places to be seen in Brighton. It is predominantly a community food led bar serving a variety of classics and priding itself on its great drinks selection, food offering and general all round relaxed environment. As part of a rapidly growing national group this would be an excellent opportunity for the right person to help propel their career. The role We are looking for an individual who can come into an established team and lead from the front whilst ensuring food is delivered impeccably at all times and to company specifications. It is essential that the candidiate has experienced leading a kitchen, whether it be as a head chef in a similar establishment or a Sous chef who can demonstrate leading a team and is looking for a chance to shine. We need a leader to direct operations within the kitchen What We Are Looking For Successful individuals will be able to demonstrate the following: Able to work within guidelines set out by the company (dishes to brand standard etc) Excellent people, manmanagement, organisation, and communication skills. Experience managing smallmedium sized teams Individuals who have a keen eye for detail and take great pride in the appearance of their dishes Understanding GP s and other financial factors Able to work within guidelines set out by the company What Next? If you would like to know more or you would like to apply for this opportunity simply email me at nathancatserv.co.uk . I look forward to hearing from you. We can offer permanent and temporary work to our candidates and we are always looking for good candidates for a variety of roles including Chefs, Management in all disciplines, Housekeepers, Hotel Receptionists and Waiting Staff. Please visit our website for all current vacancies  www.cateringinternational.co.uk Catering Services International acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and as an