Title: Front Office Manager  Holiday Inn  Glasgow Airport  (12 Months FTC Maternity Cover)  **** Excellent Benefits
Webindex: 70293129
Company: IHG
Description: What s your passion? Whether you re into playing the guitar, singing or rowing at IHG we re interested in YOU. At IHG we employ people who apply the same amount of care and passion to their jobs as they do their hobbies  people who put our guests at the heart of everything they do. And we re looking for more people like this to join our friendly and professional team. The Holiday Inn Glasgow Airport is a modern hotel and is the closest hotel to Glasgow Airport and only **** minutes from Glasgow City Centre where fabulous shopping and nightlife is in abundance. This 296 bed roomed hotel has **** meeting rooms, The Traders restaurant offering A La Carte and a carvery menu and The Abbotsinch bar and lounge. As the Front Office Manager, you will ensure that the reception and night teams demonstrate the highest standards of guest care and welcome on front desk. You will be responsible for the training and development of the team and will drive them to achieve maximum guest feedback scores and increasing revenue, whilst managing and motivating your team. You will be required to ensure that all staff within your department are adequately trained and developed in line with company policy. You will also be responsible for the Recruitment and Selection of your team and for managing any Employee Relations issues with the support of the Human Resources Department. You will actively guide and direct the whole team to ensure consistency of brand standards and a high level of performance and service delivery. The successful Front Office Manager must be ble to demonstrate that they can multi task effectively whilst leading a team to deliver excellent customer service. The successful candidate will have previous experience of Managing others within a front office capacity and will ideally have knowledge of Opera front office system. In return we ll give you a generous financial and benefits package including healthcare support, pension scheme, fitness club membership, hotel discounts worldwide, access to a wide variety of discount schemes and the chance to work with a great team of people. Most importantly, we ll give you the room to be yourself. At IHG we are committed to developing our team and managing our talent and would encourage internal as well as external candidates to apply for any of our vacancies. So what s your passion? Please get in touch and tell us how you could bring your individual skills to IHG. We are an equal opportunities employer. The successful Front Office Manager must be ble to demonstrate that they can multi task effectively whilst leading a team to deliver excellent customer service. The successful candidate will have previous experience of Managing others within a front office capacity and will ideally have knowledge of Opera front office system.