Title: ASSISTANT MANAGER  HOSPITALITY AND ENTERTAINMENT COMPLEX
Webindex: 68591213
Company: Detail 2 Leisure
Description: Are you passionate about customer service? Do you have management experience within a hospitality, leisure or retail environment? Do you want to develop your management career within a successful company? Interested in being part of our exciting future? The Company: Rooted in local communities, our client's many regulars love the fantastic service, the thrills and the social atmosphere of their sites. With a team of over **** colleagues there is scope to grow We are looking for vibrant people with a proven track record in leading or supervising a customer facing team within a fast paced hospitality, retail or leisure business to join this leading leisure operator. Job Role  Assistant Manager  Hospitality Entertainment Complex: We are looking for enthusiastic and talented people who will relish the challenge of a fast paced and commercially competitive environment. Reporting to the General Manager, your role will be to coach and develop a team to deliver outstanding standards across the department, in order to achieve all financial targets. Your responsibilities will include: Recruiting, training, coaching and developing a team who will deliver exceptional customer service and a great memorable customer experience Delivering the department budget through the flawless execution and delivery of a clearly defined profit plan Devising, implementing and monitoring sales activities in order to achieve both gross and net percentage sales targets Delivering and continuously improving service and standards across the department Ensuring all practices comply with Health Safety, HACCP and environmental health legislation and procedures Key Attributes  Assistant Manager  Hospitality Entertainment Complex: The ideal candidate will have previous management experience preferably for a large multisite retail, hospitality or leisure business. You must be able to demonstrate exceptional leadership qualities and have the ability to generate and sustain effective work relationships with a diverse range of people. You will be self driven and continually looking to improve business performance. A high level of organisational skills and the ability to prioritise and remain focussed on priorities is important. As you would expect in such a role, superb people management and interpersonal skills are essential. The successful candidate will be required to gain a full understanding of all areas within the site and must work across all of these as needed. A flexible and adaptable approach is therefore important in this role. The sites open to suit the customer need, therefore flexibility towards hours of work is a must in this role. In general, sites are open from 10am to 11pm and working hours will be within this timeframe. Detail****Leisure is a division of Detail **** Group Limited and acts as an employment agency. We are the chosen recruitment partner for many of the UK's leading hospitality leisure companies. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ASSISTANTMANAGERHOSPITALITYANDENTERTAINMENTCOMPLEX_job****