Title: Michelin level Chef de Partie and Sous
Webindex: 72197584
Company: Juice Hospitality
Description: Chef Job Title: Chef de Partie, Junior Sous and Sous  Michelin Accreddited. Location: Near Milton Keynes Salary: Negotiable Level: Michelin Reference: **** Juice Hospitality are seeking applications for the positions of Chef de Partie, Junior Sous and Sous Chef in Michelin venue located near Milton Keynes. If you are an experienced (min ****AA Rosette) Chef de partie or Sous who thrives in working in a busy, prestige environment and likes the rewards of a strong employer then we would very much like to hear from you. The Role: ? work flexibly to help support the Executive Head Chef ? a good understanding of health and safety and kitchen management (making sure behind the scenes is set) ? exceptional organisational skills ? exceptional attention to detail to every order ? experience in high volume but quality environment. Experience ? Relevant experience within a kitchen environment. ? NVQ level 1&**** or similar. Level 3 beneficial. ? Basic Food Hygiene certificate. Experience at Rosette level ? Team player. In Return ? Great Salary ? Excellent career progression ? Excellent group benefits to include free nights in sister properties ? Live in available If this sounds like the sort of position that you have been waiting for then we want to hear from you. In line with the requirements of the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. As part of the recruitment process, you will be asked to provide documented evidence of eligibility. As part of the recruitment process, all candidates will be required to provide proof of identity, status and eligibility to work in the UK. To be considered for any position you will be required to provide copies of your passport or other photographic ID, visa details and any work permit documentation as applicable. You will be asked to take the original copies of these documents to any interviews, for verification.