Title: General Manager  Grimsby
Webindex: 69251581
Company: Sizzling Pubs
Description: Working at Sizzling Pubs Do you love to be at the heart of the community, serving locals and regulars the food and drink they love? Then the vacancies at these friendly pubs will suit you down to the ground. Sizzling platters. Sizzling value. A Sizzling Pub provides the cheerful drinks, tasty food and colourful characters that make working days whizz by. It s lively work, with regular events, a varied menu, food sizzling on piping hot iron skillets and lots of smiling families. So if you re looking to bring some fun to your working life, look no further Welcome to Sizzling Pubs Bradley Inn Sizzling Pubs Bradley Inn is special because it is in the heart of the community, located on a small roundabout in a residential area. The pub has a strong relationship with the regulars and is a wet led, sportsorientated business but also has a high volume of food. The position will be ideal for someone who has experience of maintaining a relationship with regulars, has a background in sports and an understanding of managing high food volume. Branded experience is desirable but not essential. At Sizzling Pubs we re famous for our sizzling skillets loaded with all sorts of delicious things from surf and turf combos to juicy prime steaks. But our skillets aren t the only things that keep our customers coming back for more. There s our delicious meaty burgers, our gorgeous gammon hock, even our super mega sundaes. What you ll do in this role As General Manager at Sizzling Pubs it ll be your job to put the sizzle into everything. From the large team under your command to the superb dishes emerging every few seconds from the kitchen and the warmest of welcomes for our customers. As General Manager you ll be training and leading a large team You ll ensure good first impressions, last impressions and those in between You ll nurture and grow the business You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding career with us You ll benefit from our awardwinning Management Programme What will make you perfect for the job? General Manager level experience in a high volume, ideally branded pub or restaurant A passion for delivering great service with the personal touch and attention to detail to ensure that every single customer comes back for more The personality, energy and charisma to inspire, lead and develop a large committed team The ability to impress a highly individual and diverse clientele The financial acumen to plan and grow the business to achieve its full potential Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. What we offer Attractive salary Generous bonus scheme earn up to 100% of your salary General Manager benefits package A commitment to a quality training programme The potential to enjoy a long and successful career with us Apply for this General Manager position now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.