Title: Head Professional (Golf)  Wokefield
Webindex: 67379000
Company: De Vere Venues
Description: Head Professional (Golf) Wokefield Park is a unique venue set in the rural Berkshire countryside. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Head Professional (Golf) who will be responsible for providing our guests with first class service, and a fantastic golf and leisure experience. Responsibilities of Head Professional (Golf):  Est ablish and i mplement ing a golf coaching programme to be operated at the venue  To promote and market the golf coaching programme  To ensure appropriate staffing levels are maintained for the golf coaching programme  Proactively generating Memberships and retaining existing Memberships through coaching activities  Proactively renewing existing members through courtesy calls  To support the operational golf activities within the golf shop, driving range and other facilities Benefits included for a Head Professional (Golf):  28 days holidays including bank holidays  Stakeholder Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers The ideal candidate will be a newly qualified PGA professional looking to establish themselves in a busy coaching environment and as a Head Professional. As this is the first Head Professional position we are looking to appoint, we have a fantastic opportunity for a proactive, self starter to establish themselves, and the venue as first class coaching facility. You would be joining the venue at a key time in its development as a leading golf destination in the south of England . Please note as part of this role there will be a seperate coaching agreement. We are looking for someone with fantastic customer service skills, a great personality, and a passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. You will be working in a busy environment which requires a consistency in customer service, flexibility and being able to work well under pressure. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Head Professional (Golf) apply now by forwarding your current CV to Janie Coleman together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space – a forward thinking business with personality creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Wokefield Park offers two totally different centres in both style and feel: the spacious, ultramodern, purposebuilt Executive Centre and the traditional Mansion House. The venue offers **** meeting rooms and **** ensuite bedrooms. Also available, a championship golf course, indoor pool, mini gym and spa. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/HeadProfessionalGolfWokefield_job****