Title: Diary Coordinator  De Vere Venues Ltd ?? Wokefield Park
Webindex: 72437770
Company: i resourcer
Description: Diary Coordinator  De Vere Venues Ltd  Wokefield Park Wokefield Park is a unique venue set in the rural Berkshire countryside. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Diary Coordinator who will be joining our team to effectively plan events and communicate client requirements to both the internal and external team. Responsibilities of Diary Coordinator:  Ensuring client s expectations are met and exceeded.  Coordinating diary bookings and ensuring all information is obtained prior to events.  Producing a function sheet for each event which you will hand over to the venues operational team  Maintain contact with the client through to the postevent follow up  Proactively identify new leads from existing and potential clients.  Occasionally conduct show rounds for business clients  Dealing with new enquiries on a daily basis  Maintain the Delphi database Benefits included for a Diary Coordinator:  25 days holidays plus bank holidays  Private Medical Insurance Scheme  Contributory Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family & Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. You must have experience in Events, ideally in a Hotel/Conference environment. You may be required to work some weekends to ensure the smooth running of events. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Diary Coordinator (ref: DC WOK ****) apply now by forwarding your current CV to Marta Johansen together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space  a forward thinking business with personality & creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Wokefield Park offers two totally different centres in both style and feel: the spacious, ultramodern, purposebuilt Executive Centre and the traditional Mansion House. The venue offers **** meeting rooms and **** ensuite bedrooms. Also available, a championship golf course, indoor pool, mini gym and spa.