Title: Assistant Manager  London's Best Bar Group  City, London Mon  Fri
Webindex: 67379028
Company: PTHR International Restaurants & Bars
Description: London's most celebrated Bar Group is looking for an able Assistant Manager or Senior Assistant Manager to join the team of a new project Assistant Manager / Senior Assistant Manager telephone Interviews now being done  Apply now Senior Assistant Manager  City, London  Employer Details This is an established, stylish, upbeat, fresh food restaurant with a destination bar operation. Ambitious to build a national independent chain of sites across the UK our client is dedicated to providing excellent quality fresh food and market leading service to a more discerning guest. Being independent and proud of it our client is constantly innovating in order to satisfy increasingly sophisticated customer demands. They have a warm friendly working environment, almost a family atmosphere in relatuion to how they treat their people, the average lifespan of a manager is 5 years They believe in promotion from within and there is a strong support system in place, they believe in the team and reward them for there efforts on a regular basis. The culture of the business is very much work hard, and play harder. Senior Assistant Manager  City, London  Role Description As Assistant Manager you will be responsible for the day to day running of the unit and supporting the General Manager. You will run shifts passionately and be responsible for key business controls. You will be leading your team form the front, displaying excellence in service. Your focus will be on running fantastic shifts and encouraging your team to push the level of service each and every shift. Coaching and developing assistant managers will be a part of your remit, and you will be developing your own coaching skills in the process. This role is all about the people, both the team and the customers. In addition you will be financially focused with a keen eye on stock control and wage control and sales building. Senior Assistant Manager  City, London  Required Experience No shrinking violets please You will have experience in a branded environment and will be extremely passionate about the industry. You will have an excellent sense of humour and high energy levels. You don’t give anything less than perfection when it comes to service and you will be looking for a company that will challenge your current skills and develop your potential. In return you will receive excellent career prospects and a high basic salary with an achievable bonus scheme. Senior Assistant Manager  Remuneration ****k  ****k  bonus Senior Assistant Manager  Eligibility You must be eligible to live and work in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerLondonsBestBarGroupCityLondonMonFri_job****