Title: Assistant Manager For Vibrant Restaurant Group In Hertford
Webindex: 70487168
Company: The Edge Recruitment Ltd
Description: This is a top end exclusive restaurant group that have hit the Hertfordshire restaurant scene with a bang A fantastic opportunity has arisen to join this established restaurant in the capacity of Assistant General Manager. With a growing restaurant portfolio, this group is very much on the up and taking the country by storm. The restaurant is open in a prime Hertford location.With over **** Restaurants this is a very popular brand. As the manager of the Hertford restaurant you will have full autonomy to drive the restaurant forward. You will manage your team, including Junior Assistant Manager s, to continued success. The Assistant General Manager of this business is required to ensure the business is successful in all areas. And that profitability expectations are surpassed. The successful manager will promote repeat business and ensure the restaurant has the highest reputation in the Hertford area. As the manager of this business you will be allowed to give it a personal touch. It is important that you are engaging and inspiring so that your team of managers, chefs and waiters are consistently amazing Our client want their restaurant to be the most talked about in Hertford. The ingredients needed for the right person include: Strong people person with experience of managing large teams, A customer focused manager, a business minded manager who has run big and successful restaurants, some experience in managing within a branded operation would be preferable. If you are interested in discussing this job in more detail we would love to see your CV Apply today Edge Recruitment are an established recruiter with a strong focus on finding manager s and chefs for national restaurant groups UK wide. If you have the correct experience and skills for our client we will work closely with you and prepare you for all interview stages. We understand our clients needs and can therefore ensure your interview experience is a positive one.