Title: General Manager  Halesowen
Webindex: 71443317
Company: Ember Inns
Description: Working at Ember Inns Do you want to be the General Manager of the best pub in the local area for meeting, eating and drinking? Then look no further than the vacancies at Ember Inns. We ve got exactly the workplace you re looking for. Great British pub food and fine cask ales Ember Inns offer great quality food and drink pubs in the heart of residential areas. We are particularly famous for our cask ales so there s no better place to master the art of keeping Cask Marque certified real ales. You may also fancy becoming the best quiz master for miles around or learning the skills to prepare and serve delicious, seasonal pub food. Welcome to Ember Inns  Royal Oak, Halesowen The Royal Oak is located in a prime position on Manor Lane in Halesowen on the outskirts of Birmingham. It was the first ever Ember Inn and has continued to operate successfully over the last 11 years. This business has easy access to the motorway **** of the M5. Ember Inns are some of the best real ale pubs in Britain with an unrivalled choice of perfectlykept cask beers and a wide range of other drinks too. But it s not just the ales that are real at Ember Inns. These are real local pubs with delicious real pub food, comfortable sofas, easy chairs, real fires and lots of cosy corners; we are the best place for relaxed conversation and socialising. What you ll do in this role As General Manager of an Ember Inn you ll be responsible for keeping it real, from the real traditional pub atmosphere to the superb homecooked pub food. Most important of all, you ll know that the magnificent naturally fermented ales in your cellar will need nurture to bring out their nature. As General Manager you ll be training and leading a large team You ll ensure good first impressions, last impressions and those in between You ll nurture and grow the business sales and profit You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding career with us You ll benefit from our awardwinning Management Programme You ll create reasons for guests to visit What will make you perfect for the job? General Manager level experience in a high volume, ideally branded, pub or restaurant A passion for delivering great service with the personal touch and attention to detail to ensure that every single customer comes back for more The personality, energy and charisma to inspire, lead and develop a large committed team The ability to impress a highly individual and diverse clientele The financial acumen to plan and grow the business to achieve its full sales and profit potential Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. What we offer Attractive salary Generous uncapped bonus scheme General Manager benefits package A commitment to a quality training programme The potential to enjoy a long and successful career with us Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.