Title: GENERAL MANAGER  BRANDED RESTAURANT
Webindex: 69548653
Description: This role is being advertised by Detail **** Retail who are acting as an employment agency. Please send your CV with the vacancy reference number to jcdetail****retail.com A fantastic opportunity for an experienced General Manager / Restaurant Manager with one of the UK's most recognisable brands. This site is a brand new opening so is the perfect opportunity to join this leading brand. We are looking for a driven manager with a similar background who is ready for the next challenge in their career. The Company: Our client operates contemporary restaurants in high footfall venues within the UK. They are a group of stylish, modern, informal restaurants serving great quality, authentic food at sensible prices. Job Role  General Manager  Branded Restaurant: As the Restaurant Manager / General Manager, your role will be to ensure the operating your restaurant to achieve maximum sales and profit by having motivated and skilled staff who deliver a delightful customer experience. As the General Manager, your key responsibilities will include: Recruiting, training and developing your team to achieve their personal best. Leading positively by example. Setting targets with clear standards and time scales. Actively marketing and promoting your business. Developing your business by continually seeking opportunities to increase sales and improve service anticipating changes and planning accordingly. Assisting in controlling the financial performance of the business, seeking to exceed agreed sales and profit targets and achieving agreed margins. Key Attributes  General Manager  Branded Restaurant: Hands on experience of within a hospitality / restaurant background. An ambitious individual, driven by 100% customer satisfaction. Be a team player with the desire to develop yourself and those around you. A desire to excel in everything you do. Enjoy the buzz of a fast paced environment. Detail****Leisure is a division of Detail **** Group Limited and acts as an employment agency. We are the chosen recruitment partner for many of the UK's leading hospitality leisure companies.