Title: Cocktail Bar Person  Holiday Inn Express, Hoylake
Webindex: 71552535
Company: Liverpool in Work
Description: Casual mainly evenings Holiday Inn Express and Frankie s opened its doors in March 2012, with **** stunning bedrooms. This exciting hotel offers Free WiFi, complimentary breakfast plus spacious well equipped rooms with air conditioning. This stunning property has had the old Manor House transformed for additional rooms with a fully glassed extension to the front, which will be the Frankie s Restaurant. The partnership between English culinary giant Marco Pierre White and Frankie Dettori, Frankie s Bar Grill is a focal point of the hotel offering guests the highest standard in cuisine. Frankie's Bar and Grill, an ****seater Italian restaurant, will offer a wide range of Italian food including pizzas and pastas as well as seafood and steaks. This is an exciting opportunity for a Cocktail Bar Person to join a great and exciting concept, who will take pride in being responsible in assisting the Restaurant team within the Frankie s concept. You will ensure that both standards and specifications are met, ensuring service delivery will be an occasion for all guests. Waiting on and Bar experience is essential for this particular role, preferably within a **** star standard hotel, or a busy stand alone restaurant. Key Tasks will involve: Looking professional, being punctual, polite, courteous and helpful to guests and colleagues at all times. Being inspirational, going out of your way to make the guest journey, one they will never forget. Knowledge of wines, spirits and cocktails is essential in delivering flair and creativity, resulting in a high standard of consistency and profitability creating both a service an ambiance second to none. Being flexible in responsibilities, work as a team, deliver inspiration customer service together Be fully conversant with the facilities, services and promotions offered by the hotel and whenever appropriate, offer this information to the guest. Ensure Company policies and procedures are adhered to in line with Company standards and Financial Audits. You must have a great personality along with motivational skills. If you are looking to develop your career, we can offer help. We have great opportunities at Frankies for those that want to be successful in what they do Is this you? Please apply below