Title: KITCHEN MANAGER  GASTRO PUB AND RESTAURANT
Webindex: 72437736
Company: Detail 2 Leisure
Description: Exciting Kitchen Management opportunity with this branded fresh food Gastro Pub operation. This role offers the successful applicant the opportunity to work for a company that really does value their employees and is committed to career development. This is all about delivering quality and volume, making this an exciting, fastpaced environment. The Company: Our client is one of the UK s leading operators of banded bars and restaurants and are about to embark on an unprecedented period of expansion. We therefore have an exciting opportunity to join one of the company s leading modern pub dining concepts. This brand offers contemporary surroundings and prides itself on offering their guests great quality drinks and gastro style food at an accessible price point. It is a highly regarded brand throughout the sector and is synonymous with quality and service. Job Role  Kitchen Manager  Gastro Pub and Restaurant: As a result of brand expansion our client has a vacancy for a Kitchen Manager / Head Chef. Their role would be to ensure that the kitchen operates smoothly, to manage the profitability by providing consistently excellent food and exceeding guest s service expectations. If you can inspire your team to success you can expect competitive benefits, rewards, excellent training and exceptional career prospects. The successful client will drive this through: Having bags of enthusiasm and drive along with new ideas for ways to increase sales and promote your business. Living the values. Leading by example. In return you will be working for a multibrand company that really values their employees and is committed to career development. This is an excellent opportunity for an ambitious Kitchen Manager. Key Attributes  Kitchen Manager  Gastro Pub and Restaurant: As Kitchen Manager you must have: Hands on experience of preparing fresh food, on a cook to order basis, within a restaurant background. An ambitious individual, driven by 100% customer satisfaction. Absolute eye for detail and passionate about food quality. Knowledge of the highest standards of Health s leading hospitality & leisure companies.