Title: Head Chef  new classic pub restaurant near Wilmslow
Webindex: 68512667
Company: Brunning and Price
Description: THE BULLS HEAD – NEW PUB RESTAURANT Mottram St Andrew, Wilmslow, SK**** ****QH Head Chef The Bulls Head (presently Osteria Mauro) will, come the New Year, be the latest addition to the Brunning and Price family of classic pub restaurants, which includes, amongst others, The Wharf in Castlefield, Little Manor in Thelwall and Sutton Hall in Macclesfield. We’re proud to be recognised by the Good Pub Guide as Pub Group Of The Year 2013 and we plan to continue our recipe for success at the Bulls Head. We’re planning an extensive refurbishment to take the building back to a classic country pub (including a new state of the art kitchen) and upon completion you’ll find cosy dining areas and alcoves with open fires, bookcases and lots of old wood furniture leading into a light and airy garden room. We’re also planning to build a large raised deck at first floor level as well as a sunny terrace to provide an outside drinking and eating area for when the weather is fine. The bar will be at the heart of the building with six cask ales on tap, a back shelf crammed with Malts and an extensive wine list. Our menus will have a spine of freshly prepared, classic British dishes, complemented by more exotic influences from other parts of the world – in other words, modern British cookery. We plan to reopen in Spring 2013 and we are looking for an experienced Head Chef to head up the brigade of six other chefs and play an influential role as part of the pub’s senior management team. The Head Chef role provides a great deal of autonomy and you’ll have enormous influence over the performance of the business. Together with the manager you will develop the menus and be responsible for locally sourcing fresh ingredients from the best suppliers, and negotiating the best deals available. We’re looking for someone who has the right character and personality to inspire and motivate the crew together with a real passion for good fresh food. You’ll be very handson and so you’ll need to be experienced in maintaining high volumes with the right standards of quality and consistency. As a Head Chef we’ll reward you with a salary package around **** and you’ll be part of a successful, growing company who have been awarded Pub Group of the Year on five occasions. If you’re interested in developing a rewarding career with an expanding company, please send your CV with a covering letter telling us about you and what makes you tick to janbrunningandprice.co.uk For more information, please take a look at our website: www.brunningandprice.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/HeadChefnewclassicpubrestaurantnearWilmslow_job****