Title: Banqueting Floor Manager
Webindex: 69732134
Company: The Park Lane Hotel, London
Description: The Park Lane Hotel is a Five Star property centrally located in the heart of Mayfair and one of London's most elegant and traditional hotels, a ****'s jewel reset for the 21st Century. Combining a reputation for providing unparalleled comfort and service with a firstclass location at London's smartest address, The Park Lane Hotel, offers our life enthusiasts both style and convenience to satisfy their needs. The Park Lane Hotel is seeking a new team member who shares our passion for delivering an unrivalled level of service. You will need to be highly motivated to work in an environment where exceeding the expectations of our customers is the minimum standard. Additionally, it is essential that you wish to work as a part of a team, as this is central to the way that we do business. In return we offer unlimited career opportunities, industry leading benefits (including discounted hotels and F B, free meals on duty, uniform, dental and optical plans), and an environment where your development is our priority. For this we offer a monthly Learning and Development calendar full of developmental courses designed to aid your career progression. A Day in the Life of Susan Banqueting Floor Manager Working at The Park Lane hotel has been such a fantastic experience for me. As an Floor Manager I am fortunate to be given the flexibility and experience to work in all areas of the C B , which I really enjoy. The Park Lane Hotel, London is one of the most recognised Central London venues for conferences, product launches, trainings and special events. Step into our ****year old, ****square foot Ballroom complex and let the history and magic from within the walls surround you. I am in charge of organising, coaching, training and the motivation of the Banqueting Staff in order to deliver a smooth service throughout the day. Taking ownership, work independently, constantly trying to improve and working alongside the Assistant Manager are strengths required day by day. During the shifts, I report directly into the Conference Banqueting Manager and work alongside my colleagues in the department; it’s important for us to also work closely with other departments including the Kitchen and Food and Beverage teams as we have to support each other to ensure our success an deliver an excellent guest experience. Being an excellent communicator, understanding and motivatingpeople, experience in F B and leading with example is essential to the role as it is vitally important to create a good team atmosphere in order to create memorable experiences for our guests. The F B Team at the Park Lane are like a big family and I toughly enjoy come in for my shift and working with such a fantastic team. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/BanquetingFloorManager_job****