Title: Recruitment General Manager
Webindex: 70733787
Company: Off To Work
Description: Off to Work is a leading supplier within the Hospitality and Events industry. Through our **** distinct divisions we provide permanent recruitment, casual staffing and both accredited and skill based training to the industry. Our clients include Event caterers, Contract caterers, hotels, distinct London/ UK landmarks and sporting venues. With offices in London, Birmingham and Scotland we are able to supply to all corners of the UK and have also worked successfully on an international basis. Our Consultancy division, which looks after all permanent and contract recruitment is currently recruiting a General Manager. Reporting in to the Operations Director, The Consultancy General Manager will manage, develop and support the Consultancy division within Off to Work with the main responsibilities including:   Continually looking to develop the business by identifying and meeting future potential key clients.  Supporting existing clients in the recruitment of permanent members of staff into their teams.  Attracting and representing a regular and high quality pool of candidates who are available for permanent opportunities.  Networking at relevant events and representing/ developing Consultancy within the industry.  Working closely with all divisions and locations in the business to ensure cross selling, support and development is achieved.  Managing a small, growing team of Consultants. The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate a strong network of contacts within the industry and be able to consistently develop relationships with new contacts. You will demonstrate previous successes with developing business and be familiar with temporary, permanent and contract recruitment methods. It is vital that you have the energy, drive and enthusiasm to continue to steer the division forward. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentGeneralManager_job****