Title: General Manager  Carvery Restaurants
Webindex: 67257682
Company: Carvery
Description: General Manager  Carvery Restaurants Salary ****k to ****k (Nationwide) Now recruiting several General Manager Positions Nationwide… To be a successful General Manager you need to ambitious and passionate, someone who wants to show off their skills and progress their career in a fantastic environment As General Manager you will take pride in delivering a fantastic customer experience. Carvery Restaurants are part of The Orchid Group which won Retail Concept (Publican Awards **** and BHA Food Excellence Awards). The successful candidates will be managing some of our company s flagship sites. General Manager Requirements: Proven track record of managing a high volume Pub / Restaurant, ideally in a branded environment Handson, inspirational leader who enjoys the excitement of driving sales and profit. Be passionate about delivering exceptional customer service through your team and impeccable house standards Be willing to think out of the box to drive sales and communicate the importance of “Britishness” where possible. Be proactive in the search to develop the next generation manager through our fantastic internal training programme. On top of this as the successful General manager you will enjoy giving your guests a memorable restaurant experience and be eager to communicate with the customers allowing them find out more about the Carvery ethos. Unlike other pub companies with their strict brand standards, you won t feel handcuffed to the manual with an Orchid Carvery. At Orchid, we ve always been passionate about the humble British Carvery, but felt it was rather neglected. So, after much thought and hard work, we gave the concept a radical roasting resulting in the birth of our new Contemporary Carveries. Our Carvery is something we are extremely proud of. All meats and vegetables are all fresh and sourced from British farms securing us the “Red Tractor” certification and in turn supporting British Farming ensures our produce is of the highest quality at all times. General Manager Benefits: Competitive basic salary  dependent on your experience Lucrative quarterly bonus structure… An EVEN MORE lucrative annual bonus Company discount from High St retailers Outstanding training button below and send us a copy of your CV. Initially we will have a chat to find out more about you and a little more about Orchid and the opportunities. To find out where our pubs are located, please visit our website www.orchidgroup.co.uk Our mission…To grow a profitable company, where our people are proud to work and our customers are proud to recommend