Title: HEAD CHEF  BRANDED RESTAURANT CHAIN
Webindex: 68513690
Company: Detail 2 Leisure
Description: Exciting Head Chef position within a fastpaced, high volume organisation who are one of the most wellknown businesses on the high street. The business prides themselves on delivering quality fresh food and excellent levels of customer service. They offer their managers fantastic career progression. The Company: Our client are one of the leading names on the high street and are a brand synonymous with quality and market leading standards. The business offers fantastic opportunities. The company takes great pride in their staff and are looking for enthusiastic, driven managers with a passion for service and standards. Job Role  Head Chef  Branded Restaurant Chain: You will have direct responsibilities for all back of house / kitchen functions within this freshfoodled business. As this is a business who pride themselves on a market leading quality, the Kitchen Manager / Head Chef role is essential in ensuring that these standards are consistently delivered. Your main duties and responsibilities will include: Motivating, coaching and developing your team Ensuring excellent levels of communication between the Front of House and Back of House teams Ensuring excellent food standards are maintained within this fast paced environment Ensure all health and safety standards are adhered to Responsible for the cleanliness and upkeep of all back of house areas and storage Managing Stock Control Key Attributes  Head Chef  Branded Restaurant Chain: Able to develop and motivate a team Communicate effectively at all levels Previous Management experience within a foodled business Planning and organising skills Excellent attention to detail and standards Leadership skills with the ability to demonstrate a hands on approach to your work Excellent customer care skills Detail****Leisure is a division of Detail **** Group Limited and acts as an employment agency. We are the chosen recruitment partner for many of the UK's leading hospitality leisure companies. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/HEADCHEFBRANDEDRESTAURANTCHAIN_job****