Title: Accommodation Manager  Hotel  West Yorkshire
Webindex: 68676095
Company: Berkeley Scott Limited
Description: HOTEL ACCOMMODATION MANAGER  WEST YORKSHIRE AREA  EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY LOCATION  WEST YORKSHIRE AREA SALARY: UP TO AROUND ****K My client, a successful, wellestablished and wellrespected hotel in the West Yorkshire area are looking for an experienced Accommodation Manager to lead and motivate a team of staff, implement company standards and provide an excellent level of customer service. Situated in a stunning location and with great facilities and picturesque grounds, the hotel is very popular. The hotel has good conference and banqueting facilities as well as a quality restaurant open to the public. They operate a busy Sunday lunch carvery and serve food all day through the week. The hotel has 31 bedrooms and is a great venue for an array of special events and functions with many weddings arranged for future dates. It is also well situated for business visitors to West Yorkshire and Greater Manchester area being close to the M62. This is a challenging role and the ideal candidate must be happy and also adaptable to work in both extremely busy but also quite quiet environments. The candidate must be capable, ambitious and driven with great customer service skills. My client is looking for an Accommodation manager who can drive the sales of the bedrooms and increase overall occupancy whilst also managing the Reception, Night Porter and Housekeeping department. Ideally this role would suit someone who is currently working as an Accommodation Manager in a hotel of similar size (around 40 bedrooms) and who has a proven experience of managing and increasing bedroom sales and who also is committed to enhancing the guest experience. My client is looking for someone who can make a difference to the bottom line, is passionate about driving business forward, bringing out the best in their team and looking to grow and develop with them. Required Experience  Previous experience as an Accommodation Manager in a similar sized hotel.  Proven experience of maximising bedroom occupancy and working to sales targets.  Previous experience managing the Reception, Housekeeping, Night Porters and Bedrooms.  Experience motivating, managing, leading and developing a team.  Experience of handling general reception enquiries.  Strong computer skills  Word, Excel, Power Point.  Experience of working with a hotel management system.  Strong admin experience  the ability to complete all relevant paperwork, invoices etc.  Strong communication skills  both written and spoken.  Strong organisational skills and experience of the management of a hotel diary and rotas.  Be a strong problem solver.  Have a background in hotels. Salary and Benefits The salary for this role is around ****k depending on experience. In order to ensure your enquiry with regards to this position is dealt with quickly, please send in an uptodate copy of your Curriculum Vitae in a Word Document format to Jayne.hoskinsberkeleyscott.co.uk. If this role does not fully match your needs please visit our website, www.berkeleyscott.co.uk for similar opportunities or call us on **** **** **** Berkeley Scott is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccommodationManagerHotelWestYorkshire_job****