Title: ASSISTANT MANAGER  THEME BAR AND RESTAURANT
Webindex: 68233252
Company: Detail 2 Leisure
Description: Exciting opportunity working for one of the UK's most vibrant branded theme bar and restaurants who are currently looking for an Assistant Manager to assist the management of this exciting concept. We are looking for a driven Manager with a similar branded background within a leading branded restaurant or foodled pub who is looking for their next exciting challenge. The Company: Our client operates a number of bar and restaurants across the UK with the aim of providing a first class casual dining experience for every occasion. The concept is built on the foundation of being able to offer the guest an authentic quality product in a volume, fastpaced environment. This role offers the successful applicant the opportunity to work for a company that really does value their employees and is committed to career development. Job Role  Assistant Manager  Theme Bar and Restaurant: Reporting to the General Manager, your role will be to assist the General Manager in operating your venue to achieve maximum sales and profit by having motivated and skilled staff who deliver a delightful customer experience. As the Assistant Manager, your key responsibilities will include: Recruiting, training and developing your team to achieve their personal best. Leading positively by example. Setting targets with clear standards and time scales. To actively market and promote your business. To develop your business by continually seeking opportunities to increase sales and improve service anticipating changes and planning accordingly. To assist in controlling the financial performance of the business, seeking to exceed agreed sales and profit targets and achieving agreed margins. Key Attributes  Assistant Manager  Theme Bar and Restaurant: Ideally you will already be from a branded Pub or Bar with previous experience as an Assistant Manager / Assistant Restaurant Manager. You'll be ambitious and would like to see yourself climbing the ladder within a company that recognises people as their greatest asset. You enjoy the buzz of running shifts and love spending time setting and reviewing goals for your staff and supervisors. But above all it's about your personality and attitude: if you enjoy work and gain pleasure from others doing the same then this is an ideal opportunity. Detail****Leisure is a division of Detail **** Group Limited and acts as an employment agency. We are the chosen recruitment partner for many of the UK's leading hospitality leisure companies. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ASSISTANTMANAGERTHEMEBARANDRESTAURANT_job****