Title: Night Manager  Audleys Wood Hotel
Webindex: 71846085
Company: Hand Picked Hotels Limited
Description: NIGHT MANAGER  AUDLEYS WOOD HOTEL Audleys Wood Hotel, part of the Hand Picked portfolio, is a country house hotel set in the beautiful Hampshire countryside. The hotel has 72 bedrooms, a **** cover restaurant, a new intimate fine dining restaurant, and **** conference rooms. We are recruiting for an experienced Night Manager to join our team. The ideal candidate will be passionate about hospitality, well organised and a hands on manager with excellent attention to detail. As Night Manager you will be responsible in ensuring the hotel is managed effectively throughout the night whilst completing the night audit and dealing with our guest requests and the security of the hotel during the night.You will ensure that the public areas are kept clean and tidy and co ordinate the set up and turn around of the conference rooms.You will manage a team of night porters and write weekly rotas to the business needs.It is an exceptional opportunity to develop your career while managing and training others and heading up the Night Team. Hand Picked Hotels is a group of architecturally stunning UK country house hotels built for pleasure.We aim to provide our guest and employees with a positively memorable experience. Our **** hotels radiate charm, elegance and comfort and all are entirely unique. Our employee benefits include:  Live Assurance Scheme Discounted Hotel Accommodation Training Opportunities Uniforms and meals on duty provided 28 days paid annual holiday (rising with service) Incentive including recommend a friend recruitment bonus Awards including Employee of the Month and Employee of the Year Staff Consultative Committee Meetings  we take time to hear opinions Our values support a family approach; we are passionate about our people as well as our hotels/clubs and welcome those who share our enthusiasm to join us. We seek vibrant people who believe that providing the highest level of guest service is the key to success. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.