Title: Deputy Manager  food led pub near Chelmsford
Webindex: 68505610
Company: Brunning and Price
Description: Deputy Manager  food led pub restaurant near Chelmsford The Old Windmill has been serving food and ale to locals since at least **** and following a comprehensive refurbishment has been restored to its roots as a classic English country pub. It s a truly impressive place with wood fires, flagstone floors and oak beams aplenty with plenty of dining areas and an impressive bar at the heart of the building. Our menu has a spine of freshly prepared, classic British dishes, complemented by some more exotic influences from other parts of the world: in other words, modern British cookery. Our passion lies in finding quality ingredients and preparing, cooking and presenting them in a modern but unpretentious way. We re looking for an experienced Deputy Manager to join the management crew. As a Deputy Manager you are a key member of the pub management team and will be expected to support the manager as the ‘right hand person in all aspects of sharing responsibility for the day to day running of the pub. You will also assume responsibility for the pub when the manager is not on the premises with the help of the rest of the management team. Helping to run a Brunning and Price pub is a multifacetted career: you ll need to be a real foodie; have a real passion for decent beer and wine; enjoy looking after others and help build and direct a happy crew. The role will therefore be very handson and extremely varied encompassing people management, food and drink, customer service, pub maintenance and day to day financial administration. It sounds like a tall order, but in truth we are able to offer a lot of support, and at the end of the day the most important quality we look for in all our people is strength of personality. We like fun characters who set the bar high and have an eye for detail  our pubs have been awarded ‘County Dining Pub of the Year on over **** occasions by the Good Pub Guide, and hopefully before long the Old Windmill will be up there amongst them. We ll reward you with a salary package around ****K and you ll be part of a successful, growing company who have been awarded Pub Group of the Year on five occasions. To explore the possibilities of joining our crew, email your CV and covering letter telling us a bit about yourself and what makes you tick to janbrunningandprice.co.uk