Title: Sales Manager Hotel Indigo Edinburgh
Webindex: 70567955
Company: Indigo Edinburgh
Description: Sojourn Hotels are looking for a sales manager for the 60 bedroom Hotel Indigo Edinburgh. Situated in York Place the hotel underwent a multi million pound transformation before it opened in April 2012. In addition to the very individual bedrooms the hotel features a restaurant, bar, lounge and fitness room We are looking for a sales manager to develop and secure business for rooms and the Turquoise Thistle Restaurant, Bar and Lounge. You will predominantly focus on driving business from Edinburgh’s strong commercial base, whilst utilizing the tools and contacts offered by the InterContinental Hotel Group At Hotel Indigo  we want guests to be inspired by the things they discover about their neighbourhood which means we need you to:  Be vibrant by being energetic, motivated, and confident  Be curious by being aware, taking time to discover and being current  Be original by being magnetic, creative and unique ACCOUNTABILITY: This is a unique opportunity for a proven sales manager to develop the leading InterContinental Hotel Group property in the Scottish Capital. You will be required to secure business for the hotel from local, national and international sources, by developing strong relationships with key organisations and intermediaries. Regular calls to local businesses and subsequent show rounds will be a key aspect of the role. You will report directly to the General Manager and be a key member of the hotel management team. QUALIFICATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS Bachelor degree / higher education qualification plus three years sales experience, preferably in the Edinburgh market. Experience of Intercontinental Hotel Group or a boutique Hotel is an advantage but not a requirement. Must be fluent in English, both written and spoken. If this fantastic opportunity interests you and you meet the above criteria then please submit your CV in confidence to Dominic Kutschera General Manager. dominichiedinburgh.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SalesManagerHotelIndigoEdinburgh_job****