Title: Pastry ChefStunning Restaurant & Hotel****kWales
Webindex: 70734523
Company: Silvert Service
Description: Pastry ChefStunning Operation. A superb opportunity to work in an outstanding Iconic Hotel Restaurant operation with an outstanding leader, and use the finest ingredients to create masterpieces in pastry. My client is looking for a Pastry Chef with at least four years restaurant high quality restaurant experience in quality kitchen operations 3 Rosette minimum. This is a very busy operation indeed and looking at a Michelin Star within **** months You will have the creativity and background in Pastry to match the service levels provided by the Front of House Team and the facilities reputation. You will be responsible for Breads, Canapes, Afternoon teas, Banqueting, A La Carte and Tasting Menu desserts. You will enjoy a strong relationship with the Head Chef and Sous and relish the opportunity to develop your own skills as well as your junior member of the team. You will be responsible for ensuring the highest standards of food preparation and presentation in pastry, and someone with real creativity, using modern techniques is perfect for this role. You will have key health and safety responsibilities and ordering and stock control. This is a busy operation. The salary package on offer is **** per annum. You will work 5 days out of 7. The shifts will be split and straight and accommodation is available for relocation purposes for 3 months. If you match the following criteria, then this position may be for you:  4 years restaurant and private dining experience at Three rosette/1 Michelin Star minimum  Currently in a role as Assistant Head Pastry Chef or Senior CDP  Recognised qualifications  Effective Communicator and very organised  Selfmotivated and disciplined  Legal Right to work in E.U.(Documentary proof may be needed) I would like to thank you for your interest shown in this position. Please note that we take your application very seriously, but must stress that applications will only be answered in person if they match the criteria of the position advertised. Silvert Service is passionate about fostering careers in the hospitality industry. We believe in professional career development, rather than simply placing candidates in jobs. We nurture talent to ensure an enhancement of our client's and the industry's reputation as a whole. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/PastryChefStunningRestaurantHotel****kWales_job****