Title: General Manager  Brighton
Webindex: 69249541
Company: Oaktree Pubs
Description: General Manager ******** If you love the idea of working in a pub that's a real oneoff, you can build your career in one of our **** unique pubs. Individual pubs you'll love to work in Whether on the High Street or in the heart of the community, Oak Tree Pubs offer something for everyone; with a great value menu for those that want excellent food at great prices and an excellent drinks offer that stands out from the crowd So if you want to be part of something special, look no further than Oak Tree Pubs. Welcome to The Royal Pavilion Tavern This in a fantastic opportunity for a passionate and driven General Manager to run one of the most iconic businesses in the vibrant town of Brighton. The Pav Tav as the pub is affectionately known hosts an eclectic mix of people. Food is a significant part of the business and with a great quality value menu in place. With a thriving music scene throughout the city the pub is fortunate to have a unique music venue on the second floor. The ideal candidate for this business will be someone with knowledge of delivering both food and live music to a high standard. What you ll do in this role As General Manager it will be your job to make sure that everything happens to keep the heart of the community beating your pub From the large team under your command to the great value food emerging from the kitchen, and the warmest of welcomes for our customers. As General Manager you ll be training and leading a large team You ll ensure good first impressions, last impressions and those in between You ll nurture and grow the business. You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding career with us You ll benefit from our awardwinning Management Programme What will make you perfect for the job? General Manager level experience in a high volume business A passion for delivering great service with the personal touch and attention to detail to ensure that every single customer comes back for more The personality, energy and charisma to inspire, lead and develop a large committed team The ability to impress a highly individual and diverse clientele The financial acumen to plan and grow the business to achieve its full potential Entrepreneurial ideas that will drive the business to be best in local area. What we offer Attractive salary Generous bonus scheme earn up to 100% of your salary General Manager benefits package Commitment to a quality training programme The potential to enjoy a long and successful career with us Apply for this General Manager position now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.