Title: Conference & Events Account Executive
Webindex: 69732220
Company: De Vere Hotels & Village Urban Resorts
Description: At De Vere, we make hospitality truly meaningful. At every level, we seek out exceptional individuals and people with talent, charisma and vision – the attributes that makes the De Vere experience special. Whatever your career aspirations, we can match them. The iconic Grand Hotel, Brighton stands centre stage on the vibrant Brighton seafront and is a local landmark. With its 201 bedrooms and **** meeting rooms, The Grand is steeped in history and is a truly exciting place to be. A fantastic opportunity has now arisen to join our conference and events sales team as a Conference Events Account Executive. The role of Conference Events Account Executive will have a primary focus on selling the hotels conference and events space effectively and in line with the hotel strategy to ensure that budgeted sales are achieved and exceeded. Working with our Coordination and Events team, you will strive to deliver fantastic service at every opportunity. Reporting to the Conference Office Manager you will use your knowledge of departmental targets and the hotel product to maximise sales in all possible areas – whether it be a small dinner or a large conference, whilst maintaining relationships with those direct bookers and booking agents. You will have a minimum of 2 years experience, ideally within a coordination role and will have experience of Conference Banqueting operations. The ideal applicant will be confident yet articulate, will have strong relationship management skills and will lead from the front. The successful candidate will possess skills in Micros and Excel and have excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Knowledge of Opera and Delphi is an advantage but not essential as training will be given. We are looking for individuals with a real interest in delivering outstanding hospitality, a energy and drive to succeed and a desire to be the best. In return for your dedication and hard work, we can provide: 28 days annual leave Discounted accommodation and rates at our properties Meals on duty Contributory pension scheme Medical insurance Life assurance And many more local benefits This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ConferenceEventsAccountExecutive_job****