Title: Catering & Events Manager
Webindex: 69599541
Company: Premiere People   Rugby
Description: Catering and Events Manager Start date March **** th (or dependent on successful candidate’s availability preferably asap) Please submit a covering letter and your CV, references are required. My client is a small, family run catering business operating at the top end of the market, the majority of the business is wedding catering. They work in Northamptonshire and Leicestershire but are happy to travel and have also worked in London , Cambridgeshire, Bedfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Warwickshire etc. They are looking for a candidate to fulfil the following job: Project management of individual weddings and events with responsibility as lead client contact, including client meetings and site meetings, creating menus and budgets, quotes and schedules Placing equipment orders and helping to arrange staffing for all events Setup and front of house management onsite, kitchen setup where relevant Supporting the Directors both onsite and at the office Answering the telephone, dealing with new enquiries and ongoing bookings. Making diary appointments as required. Send out promotional literature with a cover letter and guideline costs. Maintain filing systems both electronically and hard copy files The candidate needs to have:  Organisational skills second to none  Proactive mindset and the ability to resolve problems without fuss  Excellent computer skills – word, excel, outlook, powerpoint etc.  Great verbal and written communication skills  Flexibility, enthusiasm, commitment and a mature attitude  A love of great food and drink  Full, clean drivers licence Full training including site visits to our venues will be provided This job is 5 days a week, Tuesday to Saturday, the candidate must be willing and able to work evenings and weekends as the job requires. Salary – ****  **** gross (depending on experience) including 20 days paid holiday per annum. A business mobile phone will be supplied for work calls only. As this is a small business it is imperative that the candidate appreciates the necessity to work as a team – this includes taking holidays by agreements with the Directors only and understanding that May to September are extremely busy Premiere People is a leading national recruitment consultancy with a network of branches across the UK. We have been established since **** and have grown to a marketleading consultancy. We supply permanent or temporary staff to all areas of business covering a variety of different industry sectors. Please be aware that we are receiving an unprecedented amount of advert response. Therefore, if you have not had a reply within 5 working days we would kindly ask you to assume that your application has been unsuccessful. However, all CVs will be entered into our live database and we will contact you immediately should we feel that we have something of interest for you in the future. In respect of the above role(s), Premiere People operates as an Employment Agency as defined under the Employment Agencies Act **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CateringEventsManager_job****