Title: Life Guard/ Leisure Assistant
Webindex: 64054206
Company: De Vere Hotels & Village Urban Resorts
Description: LEISURE Cleaner Work out, max out, chill out…that's what we encourage at VILLAGE. It's about a way of life where VILLAGE health and fitness offers a unique fitness experience which stands out from the rest. It's not a typical hotel gym that's quiet, airy, lifeless and formal, where people feel intimidated or embarrassed. Members in their thousands, come from the local community and business sectors to spend their leisure time working out and enjoying the many benefits of being a member at VILLAGE. VILLAGE health and fitness has a very modern feel with over **** pieces of state of the art equipment, a minimum of **** metre pool, extensive classes, personal training, kinesis walls, retail shops and generous leisure and hotel discounts, all rolled into what we call 'Perfect Fit', our amazing members programme designed by double Olympic champion Dame Kelly Holmes, allowing members to get the very most out of their membership. Responsible for  Operations  Carry out Pool Attendant tasks as required.  Maintain poolside cover as appropriate during shift.  Respond to poolside emergencies and take appropriate action.  Carry out routine and periodic cleaning to areas, as directed.  Maintain cleanliness of public areas.  Have knowledge of the COSHH regulations in relation to cleaning materials, ensuring that all materials are used and stored in compliance with these regulations.  Check Leisure Club Areas to ensure they are cleaned and all “extras” are in place in accordance with Standard Operating Procedures.  Deal with items of lost property in accordance with hotel procedures.  Have knowledge of and operate emergency and security procedures in the hotel.  Report, immediately, to the Leisure Club Team Leader, any damage, wear and tear, or defects (a) All Leisure Club Areas (b) In public areas (c) In cleaning equipment e.g. vacuum cleaners, trolleys  Assist guests in a friendly, courteous and professional manner, as required.  Respect guests’ privacy at all times. Team Work  To support team members by providing assistance when required  Assist the Leisure Club Team Members in the effective running of the department  Support other hotel departments in designated duties, when required Accountable for Presentation and standards – The leisure club meets and exceeds statutory requirements and should always comply with standard operating procedures and equipment should be maintained and any defaults reported. Your personal presentation must be impeccable at all times. A Great Customer Experience – ensure the leisure club is always ready to welcome members delivering the highest possible standard of cleanliness and customer service so that our people, products and service are memorable as we build our reputation as the Leading Leisure Club. Assist members and guests in a friendly, courteous and professional manner. Product knowledge –be aware of all activates in the club to be able to answer questions correctly. Deal with enquiries in a prompt professional manner. Offer advice on facilities e.g. opening times. Assist members and guests as required.  ommunications – report any defects on equipment to maintenance department and ensure communication with the Leisure Club team is clear to be passed onto leisure club members. Attend team meetings when required. Feed back leisure club members comments productively and constructively where necessary. Leisure Club Performance – support the leisure Club Manager and leisure team to deliver the best possible experience to all leisure Club Members and guests.Further, add value to overall hotel performance through teamwork. Statutory compliance Pool Safety – achieve and maintain standards to the highest possible level in respect of cleanliness and Health Safety. Be aware of security and emergency procedures. Carry out Pool Attendant tasks as required respond to poolside emergencies and take appropriate action. Person Spec STA Pool Attendant Qualified or equivalent. Experience within a customer facing environment. Personality  customer facing presence, rapport builder. Calm and assured under pressure. Keen eye for detail. Ability to use tact and discretion. Understands the need for confidentiality. Smart professional appearance. Sense of humour No problem’ mentality Also responsible for Pool Side Attendance in accordance with STA guidelines, providing visual poolside life guarding throughout the shift, responding to poolside alarms and taking appropriate action in an emergency, in accordance to our NOP/EAP's. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/LifeGuardLeisureAssistant_job****