Title: Head Chef  Holiday Inn LeedsWakefield  Salary up to ****  Excellent Benefits
Webindex: 68706329
Company: IHG
Description: What s your passion? Whether you re into mountain climbing, motor bikes, or movies, at IHG we re interested in YOU. At IHG we employ people who apply the same amount of care and passion to their jobs as they do their hobbies  people who put our guests at the heart of everything they do. And we re looking for more people like this to join our friendly and professional team. The Holiday Inn LeedsWakefield M1, Jct. **** enjoys an excellent location **** miles south of Leeds City Centre. This 104 bed roomed hotel has conference and banqueting facilities for up to **** people, a restaurant, lounge and bar offer tempting dishes from around the world. As the Head Chef, you ll be responsible for the smooth running of the hotel kitchen. You will be required to ensure that the kitchen adheres to its budget. You will be required to be responsible for the management and motivation of staff. You will be required to ensure that staff are adequately trained and developed in line with Hotel policy. You will also be responsible for the recruitment of staff. You will actively guide and direct the kitchen brigade to ensure consistency of brand standards and a high level of performance and presentation. You will also be responsible for the preparation of high quality of cuisine that adheres to the standards expected by the Hotel. You will be required to be responsible for the continued development of the Hotels menu  by suggesting and creating new dishes to enhance the Hotels reputation. You will manage areas of stock and will be required to ensure minimum wastage. You will also be required to ensure that the Kitchen adheres to all aspects of the Health and Safety Regulations along with Hygiene Regulations. This position requires three years supervisory experience. In return we ll give you a generous financial and benefits package including healthcare support, pension scheme, fitness club membership, hotel discounts worldwide, access to a wide variety of discount schemes and the chance to work with a great team of people. Most importantly, we ll give you the Room to be yourself. At IHG we are committed to developing our team and managing our talent and would encourage internal as well as external candidates to apply for any of our vacancies. So what s your passion? Please get in touch and tell us how you could bring your individual skills to IHG. We are an equal opportunities employer. .