Title: Assistant Manager Globally known Coffee Brand to ****K (H'row)
Webindex: 66698176
Company: SSP
Description: About SSP  The Food Travel Experts SSP have been delivering world class food and beverage experiences across the globe for more than 60 years. We operate a wide portfolio of owned and franchised food beverage brands in travel and retail locations across 32 countries and employ over **** people  our 'food travel experts' Following promotions, we are looking for an Assistant Manager to look after a store at Heathrow Airport. The Role Key Accountabilities As an Assistant Manager for this global coffee chain, you will work closely with the Store Manager to manage the daily operation and be responsible for delivering operational and financial results and high standards in customer service in your stores. You will be responsible for motivating and developing your team of partners, recruiting, training and managing performance, ensuring excellent product quality and that the unit is staffed appropriately for business needs. You'll also be responsible for ensuring compliance with health safety, food hygiene and licensing requirements. Skills Experience To be successful in this role, you will need to have Previous experience of managing a diverse team of people in a highvolume, fastpaced, quick service cafe environment. Knowledge of the standards and structured processes required to work within a globally recognised brand. An awareness and previous experience of the financial controls required when running a unit  cost control and P L reviews. Demonstrable experience in coaching and developing your team to deliver against financial and SOP targets. With your Management experience in branded retail catering, (preferably in a 'Cafe' or 'quick service restaurant' chain) you'll know success in this industry is all about customer service and here it is no different. Join us as a Assistant Manager and you'll not only be operating a unit of a global brand, but will also be part of a bigger SSP management team operating other successful brands within the same site. Local Site Brand Information This exciting role will be based at Heathrow terminal **** Life at the airport is not '****', so you need to be available to work shifts which can include evenings / earlies and weekends depending on the needs of the business. Trading hours are 24 hours. Please note successful candidates are required to undergo a full ****year reference and Criminal Record check to comply with airport security regulations. Benefits Incentives In return for your skills and experience, we offer you a rewarding and vibrant working environment, real and achievable career opportunities and excellent training and development to enhance your existing skills. You'll receive a competitive salary and bonus incentive (up to 15% of your salary on achievement of KPI objectives), pension scheme, 28 days holiday, life assurance,free meal on duty, discounts off SSP brands and numerous other retailers and services, child care vouchers, cycle to work scheme and lots of opportunities to develop your career in to different brands or more senior management. Please note  when you click 'Apply Now'you will be transferred to our talent management system where you will be asked to complete a number of forms and then to upload your CV. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerGloballyknownCoffeeBrandto24KHrow_job****