Title: Deputy General Manager  Hotel  ****k – South Coast
Webindex: 67378697
Company: Cherryred Recruitment
Description: One of the South Coast’s most internationally recognised Hotels is looking for a Deputy General Manager who is at the top of their game The Hotel is a large venue with a big food and beverage operation including Restaurant, Bar and large C B areas. The Hotel also boasts 200 Bedrooms, with high occupancy rates achieved throughout the year, and a perfect City Centre location making it perfect for corporate guests. Being such a high profile venue we need someone from a large who has had a focus within F B areas in their career. Managing the Hotel’s daytoday operation this is a handson position ideal for Deputy Manager who enjoys having a presence on the floor across all areas. You will hold responsibility for all of the Hotels **** employees while having all Heads of department reporting directly into you.Hotel standards and implementing training and service procedures will be a key focus of the Deputy General Managers role to ensure the best possible customer experience throughout the venue. If you are currently a Deputy General Manager within a smaller hotel or F B Manager, with room’s knowledge, from a similar sized operation then this could be the perfect position for you. Alongside a strong F B knowledge we are looking for someone within a proven track record of making venues profitable with superior service standards, through management and motivation of your team. In return you will be offered the best in career development and progression and a chance to develop into a Hotel General Manager with a two year period. If this sounds like a position that would be of interest get in touch straight away for immediate interviews and more details. As a prospective employee you must be able to demonstrate that you are either an UK / EU resident, or hold a relevant and valid work permit or visa. Please note that due to the high volume of applicants received, we are only able to reply to those candidates that are considered suitable for the advertised position. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/DeputyGeneralManagerHotel****kSouthCoast_job****