Title: Senior Sales Marketing Manager Hard Rock International  Barcelona
Webindex: 68837660
Company: Hard Rock International
Description: Hard Rock International Now Recruiting a Senior Sales Marketing Manager based in Barcelona Secure your place in rock history Here you can be yourself. Some of us just get it – it’s about delivering authentic experiences that rock. Our management team is made up of passionate people that bust down barriers to get results that exceed expectations. If you’re into creating your place in the history of rock ‘n roll, then take a look at the opportunity listed below. Hard Rock Cafe managers are responsible for all aspects of the business. Our multifaceted leaders must possess an entrepreneurial spirit, a high level of intellectual reasoning, a passion to deliver an exceptional atmosphere, and the ability to drive the business forward. Hard Rock Cafe Manager Requirements: A minimum of four years of management experience in a high volume restaurant and entertainment venue and the appropriate legal working documents to work in Barcelona. Proven track record of managerial success in a fast paced hospitality or tour and travel sales environment by possessing the experience, ability, and knowledge to move the business forward financially . Strong leadership behaviours coupled with the technical skill set to drive the business toward success. Proven track record of making high quality decisions and the ability to make complex decisions. The interpersonal savvy to create successful business partnerships where the art of negotiating is required. The ability to be innovative and creative while at times dealing with ambiguity. Strong presentation and written communication skills. Must have own local market contacts and working portfolio of clients to create and optimize on revenue streams within the Barcelona market Senior Sales Marketing Manager Position Summary: As senior sales marketing manager you will direct Cafe sales and marketing efforts and managing a team ensuring that the business is financially successful and that it represents our brand identity in its entirety, therefore positively impacting our global operation. Senior Sales Marketing Manager Essential functions: People  To provide a positive “employee life cycle” for all staff members during their tenure with Hard Rock Guest Experience  To provide an authentic experience that “rocks” for Hard Rock guests by planning and executing irreverent events that represent Hard Rock’s ability to meet a wide range of guest needs and expectations Profit  To source, book, and execute events that are profitable to Hard Rock and experiential to the guest ensuring their repeat business Sales  To grow the business by using innovative sales and marketing concepts within the tour and travel, corporate sales and hospitality event sales within the Barcelona market place Due to being based in Europe the salary above is just an estimate on current exchange rates the salary for this position is ****  **** Euros Management experience gets you in the door…leadership and passion gets you the gig You know who you are, now decide where to work. We employ equally in all ways possible. Travel and Tourism knowledge within Barcelona, local knowledge of Catalyan and an English speaker are a must . Good Luck and thank you for your interest in Hard Rock Cafe. Please apply on line with your full English updated CV. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SeniorSalesMarketingManagerHardRockInternationalBarcelona_job****