Title: Guest Relations Officer
Webindex: 71741229
Company: Melia White House Hotel
Description: Meli Hotels International is one of the largest hotel groups in Europe, and a major player in the world. We are currently looking for dedicated individuals with a passion for service to join our Guest Experience team at the Meli White House Hotel in Regent's Park, London. If you have previous experience in a similar role, gained within luxurious hotel/resort environment and would like to become a part of an exciting and dynamic team that gives you opportunities to grow, then we would like to hear from you. You will need to demonstrate previous experience of working with Customer Service or Front Office in the hospitality industry, previous experience within Guest Relations at a **** hotel being of advantage. You will possess exceptional communication skills in English language with the ability to confidently converse with a demanding and high profile clientele, both verbal and written, with knowledge of a second language. You will be able to demonstrate strong organizational skills with a high attention to detail and the ability to prioritise. You will be a team player that remains calm under pressure and meets customer expectations consistently and without compromise, with a positive and solutionfocused can do attitude. Basic IT literacy is essential and you will demonstrate previous working knowledge of Microsoft Office. Previous working knowledge of Opera PMS is highly desirable as is previous involvement in marketing design, campaigns and promotions; you will be able to positively promote and confidently upsell all facilities of the hotel to ensure customer satisfaction and increased revenue. In return for your loyalty and hard work we offer: • Basic salary: ****per annum  **** Loyalty Bonus (after one year of service) •28 days’ paid holiday during each holiday year incl. Bank Holidays •Medical Cash Plan •Free meals on duty •Staff uniform/dry cleaning •Season ticket loan after 6 months’ service •Employee recognition programme •Refer a Friend Scheme Incentive Programme •Discounts in accommodation and F B for yourself, friend and families in any Melia Hotels International properties worldwide •Guest hotel experience for employees •Training Development •Opportunities for promotion and transfer across the group •Numerous social events •Discounted gym membership •Employee Assistance Programme •Great working environment IMPORTANT: To apply for this position and as part of our recruitment process, please complete an online application and questionnaire at our recruitment website www.solmeliawhitehousecareers.com Please note that only applications that are submitted via our online system will be considered. In line with the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must currently be eligible to live and work in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GuestRelationsOfficer_job****