Title: GENERAL MANAGER  HOSPITALITY AND ENTERTAINMENT OPERATOR
Webindex: 68234326
Company: Detail 2 Leisure
Description: Fantastic General Manager opportunity to work for one of the UK's largest Leisure and Hospitality operators who are currently looking for a driven manager to join their team. Heavily people focused, this branded organisation are known for promoting a great work life balance and providing regular opportunities for progression. Ultimately we are looking for someone who comes from a similar background that is sales driven, dedicated and who is looking to pursue a new challenge and thrives in a fun environment. The Company: Our client is the leading hospitality / entertainment operator in the UK and Ireland. They are an innovative and market leading business and right now, they have an exciting and aggressive expansion plan and are currently looking for a driven General Manager to join the team. Job Role  General Manager  Hospitality and Entertainment Operator: As the General Manager, your role will be to develop the venue, to be the guest's first choice by ensuring they experience outstanding service provided by friendly and knowledgeable staff. To coach, develop, lead and inspire the team to deliver the financial targets and objectives within the required timescales and to the appropriate standard.Your key responsibilities will include: Developing the business to meet the site objectives and targets. Identifying and maximising sales opportunities. To maximise profit and minimise loss. Developing and improving market share through local marketing in partnership with the marketing department. To effectively implement all national and local marketing promotions and campaigns and to constantly review and react to the results. To ensure all operational standards are met and delivered effectively in order to create the best environment for both guests and team members. To develop the team to deliver exceptional standards of guest service at all times. To plan, organise and run shifts. Health and safety. Effectively resolve guest comments. To effectively recruit, appraise and manage performance, in line with company policy and procedures, ensuring that business objectives and targets are achieved within appropriate timescales. To effectively prepare staff rotas and manage holiday scheduling of the team. Key Attributes  General Manager  Hospitality and Entertainment Operator: The successful candidate must have previous General Site Management experience within a branded hospitality / entertainment operator including branded restaurants, cafes, bars and entertainment venues.You will also have a background of being able to develop new business through local marketing initiatives.You must also have experience of: Delivering training events. Developing, coaching team members and conducting appraisals, recruitment interviews and disciplinaries (desirable). You must also have: Excellent communication skills. Passion for excellence. Commercial awareness. Detail****Leisure is a division of Detail **** Group Limited and acts as an employment agency. We are the chosen recruitment partner for many of the UK's leading hospitality leisure companies. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GENERALMANAGERHOSPITALITYANDENTERTAINMENTOPERATOR_job****