Title: Head Chef  London
Webindex: 66669632
Company: Metro Professionals
Description: Working at a Metro Professionals pub If individuality is what you value most, this eclectic mix of cool urban pubs is a great place for you to build your food and drink skills. Distinctive pubs that locals call home Do you think a pub s personality should reflect the people that use it? We think so. Each pub is unique from the Garden Gate near Hampstead Heath which runs Pup Idol every summer, to the White Horse in Parson's Green, famous for its cask ales, huge range of everchanging draught beers and amazing American Beer Festival. A collection of pubs with an independent feel where professionals can enjoy great fresh food and one of the best drinks range in the country. You ll be encouraged to think on your feet and make your pub perfect for its local community. Welcome to Metro Professionals The Windsor Castle Building on the success and business strategy of The White Horse, Parsons Green and The Engineer Primrose Hill, Mitchells Butlers has some exciting times ahead as it looks to convert The Windsor Castle to operate along the similar lines in November 2012. We will have pubs with a leading drink range, fresh simple seasonal food offer and exceptional intuitive guest service. Essentially we are creating a new brand so with The Windsor Castle being the first business; we are looking for a top class Head Chef, with drive and determination to really put this business on the food map We ll have a brand new kitchen with top notch cooking equipment. Food will all be prepared in house from Ice creams to sauces, using the best seasonal ingredients to produce wellconstructed dishes. It s all about standards, great food and simplicity. It s famous for the individuality of its d cor, the personality of its people and the originality of its menu, with its mouthwatering range of pub classics with a unique twist. So if your idea of your daily bread is foccaccia with goat s cheese and a sprig of something herby, the role of Head Chef with us could be just the thing for you What you ll do in this role In a Metro Professionals kitchen the dishes are designed to surprise and delight a discerning clientele that demands a little more excitement than meat and two veg . As Head Chef you ll be inspiring your team to deliver them. You ll have an eye for detail making sure that every dish is sheer perfection as it makes its way from kitchen to table. You ll be responsible for training and motivating your staff ensuring a perfect blend in the kitchen You ll be responsible for food stock control and ordering You ll be accountable for the kitchen s financial performance You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding managerial career with us What will make you perfect for the job? Head Chef experience in a high volume, branded environment A passion for delivering great food and an obsessive attention to detail ensuring that every dish that leaves the kitchen leaves a guest satisfied Leadership qualities with the enthusiasm and charisma to inspire your team Attention to the maintenance of profit margins Strict about conforming to health and hygiene regulations Excellent communication skills Enthusiasm, a strong work ethic and a hunger to learn Minimum level 2 food safety (and preferably higher) What we offer Highly competitive salary Attractive Manager bonus package Opportunity to join a defined contribution pension scheme 5 weeks paid holiday Other lifestyleflexible benefits If you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places apply for this Kitchen Manager position now