Title: General Manager Bar Waterloo **** basic plus benefits and bonus
Webindex: 68504659
Company: Gordon Charles Recruitment Ltd
Description: General Manager Bar Waterloo **** basic plus benefits and bonus The Company This company is one of the most wellknown and respected operators in the city. They have the core brand and products but every site is unique in one way or another, whether it be giant jenga or massive screens to catch the latest at Wimbledon. The company believes in promotion from within so their internal training is second to none. The Site Due to the nature of the location, this site is always busy and with a quick turnover, so the service must be professional and quick. As the General Manager, you will be responsible for leading this operation. What We Are Looking For in a General Manager The successful individual will be able to demonstrate the following: Essential  Upbeat, vibrant personality. Essential  Driving ambition and a keen willingness to take responsibility within the business. Passion and Pride, ensuring that all customers continue to enjoy the unique experience for which the company has become universally recognised At least 3 years as General Manager in a high volume site. As General Manager you must have a hands on approach to management. You must be very operationally driven as this site will dictate this need. An complete knowledge of financials that is essential in converting sales to profit. As General Manager you must have a proven track record of growing a business. Traits that clearly demonstrate the ability to work as a team to achieve goal. A keen ambition to progress within the organisation Marketing and or Promotional experience is essential. The Rewards of the General Manager A basic of **** plus bonus, benefits and tronc. Training and development to progress your career. What Next? If you would like to know more or you would like to apply for this exceptional opportunity, please email your CV in total confidence to me, Margot Gordon, at margotgordoncharles.co.uk. Only suitable candidates will be contacted and if you have not heard from us within **** working days then please assume that, in this instance, you have been unsuccessful. Gordon Charles Recruitment are an equal opportunities employer.