Title: Night Team Leader  De Vere Venues Ltd ?? Wokefield Park
Webindex: 68233733
Company: i resourcer
Description: Night Team Leader  De Vere Venues Ltd – Wokefield Park Wokefield Park is a unique venue set in the rural Berkshire countryside. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Night Team Leader who will be responsible for processing the Night Audit and dealing with all Front Desk functions over night. Responsibilities of Night Team Leader:  supporting the Night Manager in the running of the Nights Team, and overseeing all processes and procedures on a day to day basis  supporting the Night Manager in all areas of training and development for the Night Team  clearing down and resetting all conference spaces ensuring that all required components of conference rooms meet the required standard.  preparation and delivery of Room Service over the Night period, ensuring that this meets quality standards and is delivered in a timely and efficient manner.  responsibility for Security and Health and Safety checks and reports over the night period.  Protect keys, cash, company assets  Completing the night shift procedures to the required standards  Respond to the client’s requirements and ensure they are adhered to where possible.  Maintain and monitor security systems to promote a safe and secure environment. Benefits included for a Night Team Leader:  25 days holidays plus bank holidays  Private Medical Insurance Scheme  Contributory Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. You will be working in a busy environment which requires a consistency in customer service and being able to work well under pressure. Experience in a similar role is beneficial. The position will require you to be available to work evening and weekends. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Night Team Leader apply now by forwarding your current CV to Janie Coleman together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space – a forward thinking business with personality creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Wokefield Park offers two totally different centres in both style and feel: the spacious, ultramodern, purposebuilt Executive Centre and the traditional Mansion House. The venue offers **** meeting rooms and **** ensuite bedrooms. Also available, a championship golf course, indoor pool, mini gym and spa. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/NightTeamLeaderDeVereVenuesLtdWokefieldPark_job****