Title: Recruitment Consultant  Chef Division
Webindex: 69732189
Company: Rouge Recruitment
Description: Rouge Recruitment are seeking an additional Consultant to join their Northwest Division. Currently working with many of the regions most reputable companies, Rouge have been specialists within catering and hospitality since **** starting in the Midlands and expanding into the Northwest.Bought by a National brand, Berry Recruitment, predominantly based in the South East, we have added to a portfolio of **** branches within the group, whilst maintaining our independency as Rouge Catering Hospitality. We are now looking to recruit an experienced Recruitment Consultant for our Warrington office whose main responsibility will be to maintain and develop the Chef desk. This will cover both Temporary Permanent Recruitment. Duties:  Running, developing and maintaining the supply of both temporary relief positions as well permanent placement projects.  Account managing existing (hot desk) and new clients.From initial contact through to working with the Head Office Credit Control team in St Albans.  Sales, business development and networking in order to attract new business and further develop current clients  Develop new business and find contracts/vacancies for registered applicants.  Complete **** recruitment role  Speaking and developing relationships with candidates and clients to gather sales leads/info  Comfortable in a fast paced environment.  Advertise roles, source candidates and Interview to place candidates both for Temp and Perm positions Person:  Sales background with the ability to sell at all levels  Chef experience as CDP or higher.  A thorough understanding of Chef roles, brigade hierarchy and catering industry from industrial, hotels, banqueting, restaurant kitchens, to outside catering.  You must be positive, hard working, flexible, diligent and committed with high standards  Highly ambitious individuals who are focused, results orientated, honest and selfmanaged  An ability to work autonomously as well as in a team  A selfstarter with the desire to progress their career Benefits:  Mon – Friday office hours 45 hours per week, plus on call rota and evening work.  Paid Overtime Available onsite with clients within their brigades.  20 days holiday  Bank Holidays  Training and development  Excellent achievable, monthly and quarterly bonus scheme  Joining a work hard play hard company.  Real scope for fast career progression The ideal candidate will have both recruitment and catering background.Previously a Chef who has been responsible or involved in training and development of new brigade member will relish the opportunity.A recruitment consultant with a successful history of achieving KPIs and working within both the temporary and permanent sectors may want a new challenge in fast paced and exciting industry. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantChefDivision_job****