Title: Assistant ManagerBournemouth
Webindex: 68292110
Company: Berkeley Scott Pubs, Bars Restaurants
Description: ASSISTANT MANAGER  COOL HIGH VOLUME BRANDED BAR AND RESTAURANT LOCATION: DORSET IDEAL FOR AN EXPERIENCED AND AMBITIOUS ASSISTANT MANAGER WITH GOOD COCKTAIL/LIQUOR EXPERIENCE AND ALSO FOOD EXPERIENCE SALARY: UP TO **** PLUS EXCELLENT BONUS AND INCENTIVES Are you a motivated, enthusiastic, well presented individual looking for an excellent opportunity to work within a leading national company? My client is one of the UK s most successful bar and restaurant brands serving the highest quality cocktails, beers, spirits and wines, alongside a busy, good quality daytime food trade and are looking to recruit an experienced Assistant Manager for their high volume site in Bournemouth . Situated in a great area, the operation boasts a buzzing clientele with a cool atmosphere, is open until late and is definitely the place to be seen It has a high volume turnover and it also has a strong food trade which has grown dramatically from last year as well as being a huge weekend, Bank Holiday and party venue playing an eclectic mix of cool music. Job Description You will be focused on your teams development and pushing the already high standards of service even higher. You must have an excellent eye for detail and have a proven ability of working within a very high volume unit. This is the ideal opportunity for someone with professionalism and drive who wants to develop their career within an expanding company. The ideal applicant will have the ability to maximise on sales through promoting nights and the brand. As Assistant Manager you will be required to be the face of the business, lead and motivate the fun team that is in place and thrive in a busy bar having a genuine passion for the industry. We are looking for someone who has good communication and organisational skills and who can lead by example. You must be well presented and charismatic and capable of building strong relationships with the regular clientele. This is a great opportunity for an ambitious Assistant Manager looking to further their career quickly Required Experience:  The ideal candidate should have the drive and passion to succeed in the bar industry.  A proven ability in either a branded bar or restaurant at Deputy or Assistant Manager level is essential.  The ability to manage a high volume operation ideally ****k and over.  A basic understanding of the financial side of the business.  A great networker who is happy to be running a high profile operation and is good at building strong relationships with its clientele.  Well presented.  Charismatic.  Great presence.  Good at forming strong relationships with regular clientele. You will need:  Good Communication skills.  The drive to succeed.  Passion for good quality premium drinks, cocktails and fresh food. Salary and Benefits Competitive salary of around **** and a fantastic bonus scheme The company is regarded as one of the best companies to work for and is an employer of choice. With an ever expanding portfolio, the company are opening more new sites this year and there are plenty of opportunities for development and progression. The company puts a lot of emphasis on enjoying work and believes in rewarding good results. Berkeley Scott is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.