Title: Cook and Cleaner
Webindex: 69473458
Company: SHARE Community
Description: We are looking for a Part Time Cook and Cleaner to work within our training centre, a short walk from Clapham Junction station. We are a registered charity that provides training opportunities to disabled adults, in a friendly and informal environment. Days: Wednesday, Thursday and Friday Hours per week: **** hours ( 8am to 4pm) Responsibilities: To prepare packed lunches, cook hot meals and serve refreshments for students at break times. To regularly tidy and clean the kitchen and building, so that the required health and safety standards are maintained.This includes washing plates and utensils, maintaining a clean eating area for students and keeping the toilets clean and well stocked. To maintain kitchen and building equipment including arranging replacements and repairs. To purchase and collect items from local stores. To manage building waste and recycling. To be willing to train as a First Aider and Fire Marshall To work independently to the highest possible standards. To attend staff meetings and other meetings related to SHARE as required. To undertake any other tasks as may be reasonably required. To apply for this job you must have: Level 2 Food Safety Certificate At least 2 years’ experience of cooking independently, for at least **** people in a professional kitchen At least 2 years’ experience of cleaning a professional kitchen and dining area You must be able to work without supervision Knowledge of health and safety in cooking, cleaning and serving hot food You must be friendly, polite, enthusiastic and flexible We need you to be reliable and come to work on time Good communication skills Closing date: Midnight on Friday 8 th February 2013 Interview date: Monday **** th February 2013 Contract: Permanent Annual Leave: 25 days per year pro rata Please submit an up to date CV along with a brief covering letter . In your cover letter please explain why you want to work for SHARE Community and what you believe you can bring to the role. This job is subject to two satisfactory references, an enhanced Criminal Records Bureau (CRB) check and providing evidence of right to work in the UK. SHARE will cover the cost of the CRB. You will be required to provide proof of qualifications, ID and 2 reference details at the interview. SHARE focuses on ability, and we believe people work best when they feel valued, safe and happy. We do all that we can to make sure that SHARE is friendly and welcoming to everyone. To find out more about what we do, please take a look at our website www.sharecommunity.org.uk We are very much looking forward to receiving your application This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/CookandCleaner_job****