Title: Chef de Partie  HIX Mayfair
Webindex: 69732092
Company: Hix at Ablemarle
Description: We are looking for a talented and ambitious CHEF DE PARTIE to join our outstanding kitchen brigade at HIX Mayfair, Mark Hix’s outstanding **** AA rosette restaurant in the heart of Mayfair at Rocco Forte Brown’s Hotel. About the Role Mark Hix and Executive Chef Lee Streeton have created an exceptional food concept with a reputation for the finest British cooking; sharing a passion and belief in using solely the finest seasonal and locally sourced ingredients. This Chef de Partie role offers an exciting opportunity to join an outstanding team renowned for their approach to training, career development and progression and join the internationally renowned Rocco Forte Hotels. Entry Requirements As CHEF DE PARTIE you will be passionate about quality food, fresh ingredients and in delivering outstanding menus. You will be an excellent team player, lead by example and be passionate about sharing your knowledge and skill within an outstanding kitchen brigade. You will already have proven experience as a Chef de Partie or similar role within a quality food environment, or be ready to take the step up to Chef de Partie level. A knowledge and passion for quality British food and produce would be beneficial. This is an excellent opportunity to join a fantastic brigade with excellent opportunities for career progression and development. Other skills that will need to be demonstrated include: Excellent attention to detail A high standard of personal presentation Confident, professional and welcoming personality Benefits **** Holidays including Bank Public Holidays, per holiday year Special colleague room rate across our **** luxury hotels Discounts on our destination Restaurants Bars Discounts on our Spa Treatments Products Public Transport Season ticket loan Laundry of uniform Exciting range of learning and development programmes Opportunities for promotion and transfer across the group Colleague recognition and reward programmes Discounted gym membership Meals whilst on duty Childcare voucher scheme Occupational health service Brown’s Hotel; a member of the Leading Hotels of the World, is the London flagship property of Rocco Forte Hotels, comprising **** individually distinct luxury hotels in culturally rewarding city locations, and two outstanding new resorts. All applicants who are offered employment will need to provide satisfactory references before their appointment is confirmed. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ChefdePartieHIXMayfair_job****