Title: Lounge Bar Supervisor **** Star Deluxe Hotel  International Hotel Group
Webindex: 71741210
Company: JAP Associates
Description: Company Information: Our client is a Progressive International Hotel Group Hotel they have a stunning 4 star Deluxe Hotel with extensive conference and banqueting facilities along with a Multi Award Winning Rosette Restaurant and busy destination led up market bar operation. The hotel is a popular for choice for both corporate and leisure guests as they have extensive facilities to caterer for all their needs and requests and is well established with a number of repeat clientele. Due to the ongoing success of the food and beverage operation they are currently recruiting for a Lounge Bar Supervisor. Job description: As Lounge Bar Supervisor you will be responsible ensuring that standards are maintained and delivered across busy bar operation. You will be responsible for staff training and development, setting objectives and working to set targets and goals. A key part of this role will involve driving sales, up selling and cross selling across the operation. You will also be expected to work in other areas of the food and beverage department when necessary. Ideal Background: The ideal candidate for this Lounge Bar Supervisors role which have previous food and beverage experience within a quality driven hotel or restaurant operation ideally at a supervisor level. You must have a good overall understanding of wines and spirits and be able to work in a very fast paced environment. It is essential you are able to demonstrate excellent communication and leadership skills, with outstanding customer service skills and attention to detail. Salary and Benefits: Our client is offering a salary of ****  **** for this permanent role of Lounge Bar Supervisor. You will also receive a share of gratuities and an array of corporate hotel benefits. In order to process your application please forward you CV in word document to Justine Perry at justine.perryjapassociates.co.uk JAP Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. In accordance and compliance with the “Asylum and Immigration Act ****” all applicants applying for the above position will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to live and work in the United Kingdom. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/LoungeBarSupervisor4StarDeluxeHotelInternationalHotelGroup_job****