Title: Sous Chef  Cambridge
Webindex: 69251557
Company: Browns
Description: Working at Browns The vacancies within our Restaurant Brasserie Bars offer the opportunity to prepare classic seasonal food or signature cocktails in one of our unique landmark buildings. If you think going out for a drink or meal should be something of an occasion, that s exactly what we ve built our brand around Classic food in stylish surroundings From a stunning Mayfair exgentlemen s club to the beautiful old city museum in Bristol, you ll struggle to find more distinctive workplaces. Popular with guests in towns cities across the country, our brand is a household name you ll be proud to be a part of. Browns Cambridge is situated in the heart of the city just across the road from the astounding Fitzwilliam Museum and close to the picturesque River Cam, famous for its punts and the colleges that line it. Browns Cambridge is in a converted wing of the old Addenbrooke s Hospital, which originally opened in **** The restaurant looks beautiful, with glorious Virginia creeper framing the entrance. The entrance also forms a natural terrace for sitting outside on warm summer days. The beautiful architecture and surroundings make Browns special. But it s not the elegant bar and stylish Brasserie that are the jewels in the Browns crown. It s the steamy hectic kitchen our guests come for. And the superb culinary creations that come out of it. As Senior Sous Chef, you ll be joining a friendly, passionate team dedicated to making sure those customers come back What you ll do in this role As Senior Sous Chef at Browns we want you to be great at cooking. You ll also be helping our Head Chef to weigh budgets as well as ingredients and to ignite a burning desire in your team to create great food. All this in a highvolume, pressure cooker environment. As Senior Sous Chef you ll help to ensure that every ingredient that comes into the kitchen and every dish that leaves it is perfection itself You ll help train, develop and grow a fantastic team to create the perfect blend You ll thrive in a pressurecooker, highvolume environment You ll help ensure that all procedures are followed to the letter You ll maintain the highest standards even under the most severe pressure What will make you perfect for the job? Experience in a similar role in a highpressure, highvolume environment An allconsuming hunger and passion for great food Potential leadership qualities Commitment, drive, an obsessive attention to detail and the desire to instil these qualities in those around you Great communication skills A determination to learn and the ambition to progress The desire to progress to become a great Head Chef What we offer Highly competitive Sous Chef salary Opportunity to join a defined contribution pension scheme Many additional company benefits Excellent training and development programmes The opportunity to join a household name brand with great career prospects Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.