Title: Sous Chef  Rickmansworth
Webindex: 71684574
Company: Vintage Inns
Description: Working at Vintage Inns If you value individuality and charm as much as we do, working in a traditional country pub is going to suit you down to the ground. With vacancies across our cosy rural pubs and restaurants, you can find the perfect environment to make the most of your talents. Country dining with a modern twist Join our team and you ll be part of the warm, relaxed atmosphere you d expect from a country inn with a contemporary flavour, while learning your trade in one of the most stimulating and rewarding environments in the business. What s more every day at work will be in a perfect country retreat Welcome to Vintage Inns Ye Olde Greene Manne The Vintage Inn in Ye Olde Greene Manne is special because noone seems to agree how 'Olde' Ye Olde Greene Manne is. Some say it dates back to a landlord called Richard Ryder in **** Others claim the first landlord was Samuel Fiskett in **** Either way it's a historic country pub with a beautiful garden. Its old English charms have caught the eye of many a movie location finder and the pub has starred in all sorts of TV and film productions as diverse as Genevieve (****), Withnail I, Raiders of the Lost Ark and Midsomer Murders. As the Sous Chef in a Vintage Inn you ll be in working in one ofBritain s finest country pubs. This is a place in the heart of the countryside with cosy interiors retaining wonderful original features, simply dripping with individuality and style. People travel here from miles around for the superb seasonal food and fantastic service, so there ll be no standing still for you and your team What you ll do in this role As Sous Chef, you ll be assisting the Head Chef with ordering, stock levels and due diligence. So, if you can stand that kind of heat, you should get into our kitchen As Sous Chef you ll make sure that every dish is sheer perfection as it makes its way from kitchen to table You ll assist with training and motivating the team You ll assist with food stock control and ordering Run shifts in the absence of the Head Chef You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding managerial career with us What will make you perfect for the job? At least 1 years experience of working at the level in a high volume partial fresh food kitchen Being able to deal with high volume and the pressure of busy sessions Working in an organised manner, delivering brand standards and controls Being able to enthuse the team about dishes and their provenance Having a passion for fresh food and daily specials Taking an interest in the whole of the business and having ambitions to become a Head Chef in the future What we offer Highly competitive salary Opportunityto join a defined contribution pension scheme 25 days paid holiday Other lifestyleflexible benefits Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.