Title: Head Chef French Brasserie Brand Windsor
Webindex: 70144081
Company: The Edge Recruitment Ltd
Description: This is a top end exclusive restaurant group that has hit the Windsor restaurant scene with a bang A fantastic opportunity has arisen to join this established restaurant in the capacity of Head Chef. With a growing restaurant portfolio, this group is very much on the up and taking the country by storm. The restaurant is due to open in a prime Windsorlocation. Set in a French brasserie style, there aren’t many restaurant businesses out there that will be able to compete when it comes to food quality and price. As the Head Chef for the York restaurant you will work drive and develop your team to make sure only the most amazing food leaves your kitchen As the Head Chef of the Windsor restaurant you will work tightly with your team, ensuring they prepare and produce dishes. As Head Chef you will develop your brigade of chefs to make sure that brand standards are met. You will run busy shifts and ensure service runs smoothly so that all dishes leave the kitchen to an excellent standard. The Head Chef takes full control of all health and safety in the kitchen working hard to meet the required criteria of all audits. You will make sure the food you produce is the talk of Windsor. The ingredients required to be the perfect Head Chef of this restaurant include: A genuine passion for the industry, experience of being a Head Chef in a fast paced environment, a person who exudes confidence with team members , the ability to deliver top quality food to a very high standard, harbour a background in the making of fresh cuisine, You will be outgoing and approachable with experience of cooking in a busy, high pressured kitchen. You will have experience of staff training, rotas, financial reporting, stock control and ordering. Experience of working in a renowned restaurant brand is preferred. If you feel you fit the correct criteria for this role, email your CV today Edge Recruitment will work closely with you and prepare you for all interview stages. We understand our clients needs and can therefore ensure your interview experience is a positive one. Edge Recruitment are a professional recruitment consultancy who recruit managers and chefs for renowned restaurant businesses across the UK. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/HeadChefFrenchBrasserieBrandWindsor_job****