Title: TEAM MANAGER  LUXURY TOUR OPERATOR
Webindex: 71795431
Company: CVbrowser
Description: TEAM MANAGER LUXURY TOUR OPERATOR OXFORD UP TO ****K PLUS BONUS We are looking for a TEAM MANAGER for our client in Oxford. Providing bespoke, luxury worldwide holidays the successful candidates for both positions will be responsible for managing a team of travel experts, primarily driving sales aswell as holding recruitment, training and staff performance responsibilities. Main duties include: Ensuring delivery of excellent sales and customer service to the client's highly valued customers Leading the team with energy, enthusiasm and passion Performance manage team members through **** coaching and appraisals Provide induction and ongoing training for team members (sales and product) Staff resourcing  including interviewing, CV selection and day to day rotas Plan staff educational visits to worldwide destinations Managing supplier relations in relation to availability etc. Working with marketing  responsibilities including brochure content and distribution of newsletters, special offers and promotions Candidates for these TEAM MANAGER vacancies should have the following skills and experience: 3 years' experience of selling within the travel industry A strong conversion record of enquiry to booking Superb customer service skills Team management experience which must include coaching, development and strong motivational skills Excellent product knowledge within travel A confident, level headed communicator Commercial skills gained within the industry On offer is a salary between ****k basic and bonus. Other benefits form part of the package. CLICK TO APPLY. UK residents only please. Progressive Personnel is a leading international travel hospitality recruitment consultancy with offices in England, Scotland, United Arab Emirates, India The Maldives. Applicants must have the legal right to live work in the country where the vacancy exists. We regret we are only able to contact shortlisted candidates, but we may retain your details on our database and consider you for future openings. If you do not wish to receive our monthly newsletter please contact your local office (details on the Progressive Personnel website).