Title: HEAD CHEF VACANCY WILTSHIRE
Webindex: 70144207
Company: ME Talent Ltd
Description: WILTSHIRE IS WHERE THIS HEAD CHEF VACANCY IS The County of Wiltshire is a county in South West England . It is landlocked and borders the counties of Dorset , Somerset , Hampshire , Gloucestershire , Oxfordshire and Berkshire . FOODIE HISTORY  THIS TELLS YOU IT’S A GOOD PLACE TO BE A HEAD CHEF Foodies are a distinct hobbyist group. Typical foodie interests and activities include the food industry , wineries and wine tasting , breweries and beer sampling, food science , following restaurant openings and closings and occasionally reopenings, food distribution , food fads , health and nutrition , cooking classes, culinary tourism , and restaurant management . A foodie might develop a particular interest in a specific item, such as the best Gastro Pub or Dining Pub. In this particular case if you worked at this place you would be working for just such a wonderful Dining Pub. Award winning and at the very top of its game. THE JOB HEAD CHEF The restaurant at the ME Talent Inn, they are all called that, but we will tell you the real name if your skills match what the owner is looking for and you could potentially be working there if you have the right attributes. This is an award winning operation, you will need to have worked consistently at **** Rosettes and be used to winning awards. The owner is a passionate guy who has built this operation to the very highest level. This is a successful business, that offers great food in a classic pub environment with all the comforts of a Hotel, but at sensible prices. This Dining pub has a Bar, R estaurant , sitting room , private dining , twelve bedrooms and a large outside garden . You will have the right support when you need it, but at this operation you need to be at the very top of your game. This is not for aspiring Chefs, concentrate on some of our other adverts for that, this is for Chefs who have proven ability and are strong managers of a team. They have high expectations so you will need to deliver on food, GP management, and standards. Are you ready to continue the work at this wonderful property? WHAT NEXT Do you have your CV saved in your documents? Is it up to date? Then the next part is easy, I take it you want to apply for the job? Then you need to upload your CV through this site, it will end up in our inbox and we will then review it, if I am lucky when I have a cake in my hand…it always helps to concentrate the mind. We get lots of applications and it is impossible to get back to everyone. We promise to ring you if your CV matches what the owner is looking for and we then need to have a detailed chat. Your next job is as important to us as it is to you so make time. We can call back at a convenient time but please pick up the phone when we call. Go on then…APPLY This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/HEADCHEFVACANCYWILTSHIRE_job****