Title: General Manager New Restaurant Opening Growing Group  Leicester 
Webindex: 68681991
Company: PTHR International Restaurants & Bars
Description: Are you a General Manager that wants to join a company that has a **** year track record of promoting Area Manager’s from within? General Manager / Opening General Manager for award winning fresh food group that plans to open in the coming weeks General Manager / Opening General Manager initial telephone interviews now being done General Manager  Client Profile Our clients’ company philosophy is to serve top quality fresh food in relaxed, inviting and friendly surroundings many of their restaurants being in high profile, affluent locations across Central London the UK They are one of the UK’s fastest growing and most successful restaurant companies and they are growing their current estate with expansion plans thru 2012 and beyond. The menu is based on fresh food  prepared simply but with style  using only the finest and freshest ingredients sourced according to quality. They are keen to make sure that General Manager’s are passionate about delivering quality and service and this is key to their business success. This success is attributed to their professional, driven but most importantly passionate General Manager team – one of the best known, best respected teams anywhere in the industry. They look for the best people in the business so if you are enthusiastic, eager and motivated then apply now. General Manager  Role Description  As General Manager, you really do have autonomy.  Reporting directly to the regional manager you will be accountable for the delivery of the controlled financials through the monthly P  L  Marketing the business externally through original campaigns  Internally you will deliver excellence of service that always ensures that the guest will come back. You will be a calming influence, and able to deliver the best your business has to offer, even under the most pressured situations  The running of supremely organised shifts  The recruit – train process of all new team members  Delivery of Labour targets  Overseeing Mystery Diner results General Manager  Role Requirement  Having worked within the industry as a General Manager within a reputable fresh food business you will be aspiring to better yourself with regards to level of service and professional development.  You should be fully conversant in health and safety legislation and be systems and standards driven.You will need to be able to forge strong relationships with the local business community and be able to build sales.  If you are an all rounder who wants a new challenging, with a proactive attitude this is the ideal opportunity for you. General Manager  Salary Benefits Salary ****k – ****k  Bonus General Manager  Eligibility All applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GeneralManagerNewRestaurantOpeningGrowingGroupLeicester_job****