Title: Restaurant General ManagerStoke on Trent
Webindex: 68514351
Company: R3 Resourcing
Description: Restaurant General Manager Stoke on Trent ****k Calling all Restaurant/General Managers with a passion for people and customer service Our client is a family orientated, internationally successful business. They are concentrating on delivering great customer service at the same time as good quality food. For their staff they offer outstanding training and development opportunities in order to welcome you in and develop you as a manager. A fun, energetic and hugely successful branded restaurant A company with a fun friendly and relaxed atmosphere for staff and customers alike A company dedicated to developing and progressing their managers with a full support structure and an environment where you will be encouraged to grow and learn We are looking for an experienced Branded Restaurant or Leisure Manager who has a passion for motivating and developing people. You will need to be personable, energetic and ambitious. The successful candidate will be confident working to brand standards and be driven to maximise sales and drive the business forward. You must have hands on experience managing a team as well as knowledge of working with budgets and targets. You must also have a driving licence and access to your own transport. What well be looking for in you: Ideally you will have experience of managing a team of people within a busy retail or branded restaurant environment A strong background in people and customer service with a handson approach to management A dedication to motivating and developing people A commercial and financial understanding of business The desire to succeed and progress within a global company Candidates for this role must have access to a vehicle as well as a licence Role You will have full responsibility for your restaurant ensuring customers expectations are exceeded and driving sales whilst keeping your team motivated. As a General Manager you will work hands with your team and be responsible for the recruitment, training and development of your staff. You will need to have a strong commercial awareness and ensure the business is performing in line with budgets and targets. You will work to brand standards to create a profitable and enjoyable business environment. Benefits: Market Leading salary Up to 50% bonus based on restaurant performance 28 days holiday Discounts Incentive Programmes Experts in Retail Recruitment. Www.rthree.co.uk R****  Think outside the cube Please note: R**** Retail appreciates the time and effort involved in searching for a new role and as a result Endeavour to respond to each application individually, however due to the large volume of responses this is not always possible. Should you have not had a response within 7 days of your application please assume that you have been unsuccessful on this occasion, however please continue to review our website for new opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/RestaurantGeneralManagerStokeonTrent_job****