Title: Head Chef  Oxford  Cafe Rouge
Webindex: 68100497
Company: Cafe Rouge
Description: Head Chef  Cafe Rouge  Oxford Cafe Rouge, part of the Tragus group, brings the essence of the Parisian cafe culture to the UK. A perfect place to mull over the morning papers with your petit dejeuner and a cafe au lait, pop in for a quick spot of lunch, share a postwork drink or enjoy an evening meal with friends. Our selection of food and wine menu s are inspired by the many rustic flavours found throughout France. Tragus emphasis has always been, and continues to be, its passion for food. We welcome people who share our enthusiasm. As our passion is food, our dedication is to ensure that this is translated to our customers  through you. This is why Tragus invests in establishing a working environment which encourages and empowers our managers to give their best in providing a service, not just to our customers, but to ourselves. First and foremost you need to be an exceptional chef with:  Strong motivational and influential people skills  An unquestionable passion for food and drink  An approachable manner and a hands on attitude  An eye for detail and the ability to drive consistent brand standards  A focus on exceeding results supported by a sound financial understanding You have recently worked in a similar role with:  Drive and energy to see your business succeed  A strong working knowledge of food safety s largest independent restaurant companies with almost 300 sites across the country and we are still growing Our exciting portfolio of leading brands are operated as four divisions  Cafe Rouge, Strada, Bella Italia, and the Brasseries  which include Belgo, Ortega, Huxleys & Amalfi  all of which offer a unique dining experience. We really believe our people are the key ingredients of our success. So, if you are an enthusiastic, passionate and talented individual with experience in managing a vibrant branded restaurant, we want to hear from YOU For more information on Tragus and our brands, please visit www.tragusholdings.com Successful candidates will be contacted within **** working days.