Title: Assistant Manager  West Bromwich
Webindex: 68808528
Company: Sizzling Pubs
Description: Working at Sizzling Pubs Do you love to be at the heart of the community, serving locals and regulars the food and drink they love? Then the vacancies at these friendly pubs will suit you down to the ground. Sizzling platters. Sizzling value. A Sizzling Pub provides the cheerful drinks, tasty food and colourful characters that make working days whizz by. It s lively work, with regular events, a varied menu, food sizzling on piping hot iron skillets and lots of smiling families. So if you re looking to bring some fun to your working life, look no further Welcome to Sizzling Pubs Crown Anchor, West Bromwich Sizzling Pubs Crown Anchor is special because it is a fantastic pub which sits in the heart of the community and has an offer that is interesting, diverse and inclusive to all  including sports, charity events and quiz nights. We have a superb food menu that plays an important part in our sales, along with a great drinks range. At Sizzling Pubs we re famous for our sizzling skillets loaded with all sorts of delicious things from surf and turf combos to juicy prime steaks. But our skillets aren t the only things that keep our customers coming back for more. There s our delicious meaty burgers, our gorgeous gammon hock, even our super mega sundaes. What you ll do in this role As Assistant Manager here it ll be your job to put the sizzle into the whole Sizzling Pubs experience for each and every one of our customers. So never mind if it s drizzling outside, it ll be sizzling inside with fantastic pub food, a great range of drinks and a buzzing atmosphere. As Assistant Manager, you ll be helping the General Manager put the sizzle into his team too As Assistant Manager, you ll be ensuring that standards of food and service are consistently excellent You ll be responsible for training and inspiring a large team First and last impressions count and it ll be your job to ensure that customers leave with the right one You ll be taking your first step on a management career ladder that s limited only by your ambition You ll be joining our awardwinning Assistant Manager Programme Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle [DELETE AS APPROPRIATE] What will make you perfect for the job? Ideally six months experience in a high volume pub, bar or restaurant A handson approach so you can really lead by example You ll be a real people person who s great at customer service A passion for great food and drink The ambition to be a great manager of the future What we offer Contributory pension scheme Assistant Manager Bonus Scheme Earn up to **** per annum Private healthcare Structured training programme 25 days holiday Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.