Title:  CHEF DE PARTIE  CHICHESTER  PRIVATE MEMBERS CLUB  **** 
Webindex: 68504855
Company: Towngate Personnel
Description: PERMANENT CHEF DE PARTIE  QUINTESSENTIAL BRITISH ICON  HIGH STANDARDS  PRIVATE MEMBERS CLUB  LARGE ESTATE  MANY BENIFITS  ****  Our Client is a Quintessential British Icon with a long history of being in the public eye. They are well known for hosting many well known events including horse racing and motor racing They are now looking for a Chef de Partie to join their team within its private members club. The Chef de Partie will be working with in a team of 10 Chefs under the leadership of an exec chef with many years of experience in fine dining and rosette establishments. This gives the Chef de Partie a great opportunity to learn and advance their career. The private members club has both a fine dining restaurant and bar area both of which the Chef de Partie will be involved with. Only the highest quality fresh produce is used which the Chef de Partie will be working with As the estate is high end, multi unit operation there are many divers opportunities open to the Chef de Parte to advance their career. There are many benefits, which the Chef de Partie will have access to these include: Bonus scheme Pension scheme after qualifying service 21 days holiday Group profit share scheme Uniform Free membership to leisure club Free tickets to horse racing meeting Free tickets to car events Discount on merchandise The right candidate should have a strong back ground in fresh produce and have the drive and determination this exciting role demands. If you feel this is the position for you please send your CV in as soon as possible We value all applications, however due to the volume of response we are currently receiving, we are only able to contact candidates whose skills and experience closely match the requirements of our clients. In line with the requirements of the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. As part of the recruitment process, you will be asked to provide documented evidence of eligibility. In line with the requirements of the Employment Agencies Act **** Towngate Personnel are prohibited from charging workseekers for work finding services.