Title: CHEF DE PARTIE  **** STAR  CHEF DE PARTIE  LOW TAX  CHEF DE PA
Webindex: 69731826
Company: Platinum Recruitment Consultancy
Description: CHEF DE PARTIE  4 STAR  CHEF DE PARTIE  LOW TAX  CHEF DE PARTIE Have you ever wanted to earn loads of low tax cash whilst working in one of the coolest places in the UK? If so this could be the one for you I have a larger than life hotel looking for a Chef de Partie with the ability to run their own section as an integral part of the talented brigade. This is a great opportunity for an aspiring chef de partie to really prove what you can do in terms of cooking and dare I say it living a totally laid back lifestyle The Position Chef de Partie The Establishment This is a ****  room hotel on the beautiful island of Jersey. They have an enormous C B operation as one of the prime business hotels on the island. They also have a fine dining restaurant and Spa which require very different styles of food so you should expect to be kept on your toes, rotating form section to section. Duties As Chef de Partie you will be a key member of the team and will have resposibility fore your own section in the kitchen. As a chef de partie in a large kitchen, you will also be expected to supervise and help train other junior chefs. The hotel has several dining options, from a brasserie in a seperate kitchen, to fine ding, conference and banqueting, to barbeques out on the terrace to the new concept restaurant that has to be seen to be believed Benefits As well as having some of the best staff accommodation on the island, this hotel recognises its staff as one of its most valuable assets. Because of this, they have one of the best benefit packages available ANYWHERE You can expect the following and more to enhance your time in and out of work. Great salary Low Tax Discounts on hire cars Discounts on ferries Uniform Meals on duty Above average accommodation ( including a pool ) Social events Think this sounds like the job for you? All you need to do is send us your details and your nearly there In line with the requirements of the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. As part of the recruitment process, you will be asked to provide documented evidence of eligibility. We require proof of identity, status and eligibility to work from all candidates. Please could you send us copies of your passport or other photographic ID, visa details and any work permit documentation as applicable. You will be asked to take the original copies of these documents to any interviews, for verification. All positions advertised are for immediate start unless otherwise stated. In line with the requirements of the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. As part of the recruitment process, you will be asked to provide documented evidence of eligibility In line with the requirements of the Employment Agencies Act **** Platinum Recruitment Consultancy are prohibited from charging workseekers for work finding services. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/CHEFDEPARTIE4STARCHEFDEPARTIELOWTAXCHEFDEPA_job****