Title: General Manager  Farmhouse, Grimsby
Webindex: 70298600
Company: Local Pubs
Description: General Manager  Farmhouse, Grimsby We are looking to recruit an experienced livein General Manager at the Farmhouse, located in the affluent New Waltham area of Grimsby. A lovely, local pub with numerous nooks and crannies and log fire, the Farmhouse is an exciting challenge with real opportunities to grow sales and restore the business to its former heights. Very much known for its great value food offer and also a full branded drinks range including Cask Ales, the Farmhouse attracts the locals from the surrounding residential areas and its large car park ensures that there is plenty of room for those from further afield. As the General Manager at the Farmhouse, you will have a proven track record in delivering superb sales and profit driving ability, with true innovative ideas that will attract new and lapsed customers back to the business. You will be passionate about operational standards and a true leader of your team, inspiring and coaching to deliver the highest levels of customer service and care. The food offer at the Farmhouse forms the major element of the sales split so it is essential that you have strong kitchen and food skills and knowledge. Part of our My Local segment, these are warm and welcoming pubs at the heart of the community offering great value food and drink and the chance to relax, either after a hard day at work or a get together with family and friends. This is the pub where the regular and local customers are known and valued, both by the Manager and the Team. General Manager  What we want We are looking for General Managers who can demonstrate the passion and commitment to succeed in this highenergy, revitalised business. After all, we re not just a leading pub and hospitality group: we re an innovative and passionate team, with big ambitions for the future. Our General Managers are people who have the ability to engage with customers from all walks of life, all ages and interests. They are well known personalities and love to get involved in the local activities; these are the General Managers who always know what their competitors are up to. Sales driven but cost aware and driven to deliver the best possible experience for their customers, able to think on their feet and outside of the box and enjoy the freedom to try new ideas that will grow their sales and be the best pub in the area. As a General Manager you will have responsibility and accountability for: Growing sales every day Being proud of your people Keeping your pub legal and your customers safe Investing in the future of the company by being profitable Delivering fantastic experiences for every customer on every visit. General Manager salary and benefits In return, as a General Manager, you will receive: Competitive salary Uncapped bonus scheme **** day s holiday Single private health care cover Stake holder pension scheme Extensive training and career progression opportunities Individual incentives This could be a fantastic opportunity for a General Manager to work in an environment that is fun as well as challenging with the training and development to take your career along the path of your choice  so come and talk to us.