Title: Restaurant Supervisor  De Vere Venues Ltd ?? Wokefield Park
Webindex: 72437895
Company: i resourcer
Description: Restaurant Supervisor  De Vere Venues Ltd  Wokefield Park Wokefield Park is a unique venue set in the rural Berkshire countryside. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Restaurant Supervisor who will be assisting in the operation of an efficient team within budgetary controls, and working casual / flexible hours. Responsibilities of Restaurant Supervisor:  Provide excellent standard of hospitality  Ensure all guests expectations are met during their restaurant experience  Efficiently communicate with chefs and other team members to ensure all service standards are constantly met and exceeded.  Responsible for motivating and developing your team to provide a top rate service to our guests.  handling the till  Have in depth knowledge of menu offerings Benefits included for a Restaurant Supervisor:  25 days holidays plus bank holidays  Private Medical Insurance Scheme  Contributory Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family & Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. You will be working in a busy environment which requires a consistency in customer service, flexibility and being able to work well under pressure. Previous experience in a similar role is required. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Restaurant Supervisor apply now by forwarding your current CV to James Gardiner together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space  a forward thinking business with personality & creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Wokefield Park offers two totally different centres in both style and feel: the spacious, ultramodern, purposebuilt Executive Centre and the traditional Mansion House. The venue offers **** meeting rooms and **** ensuite bedrooms. Also available, a championship golf course, indoor pool, mini gym and spa.