Title: Group Reservations Agent
Webindex: 68834789
Company: Jurys Inns Ltd
Description: Jurys Inns Group Ltdis one of the fastestgrowing hotel groups in Europe, with **** property locations in the UK, Ireland and Europe with more to come Jurys InnNewcastle NewcastleGateshead Quays now has an excellent opportunity available for a GROUP RESERVATIONS AGENT to join our Reservations team. Group Reservations Agent overview: The Group Reservations Agent will work within the Revenue/Sales Team and be required to accurately take and manage all group room enquiries for Jurys Inn Newdcastle NewcastleGateshead Quays,efficiently and following company standards. This is an exciting and challenging opportunity to operate within a large hotel. Group Reservations Agent key responsibilities: Ensuring all calls are handled politely and efficiently ascertaining and accurately meeting the callers needs. A thorough knowledge and consistent delivery of the brand standards and processes in the department. Communicate hotel services to guests, i.e. opening and closing times and Food Beverage outlets, advise what amenities are available e.g. bar, dinner, snacks, etc. Promote the properties services to maximise facility usage. Dealing with guest complaints in a friendly and efficient manner. Communicating sales leads to the department manager. Keeping up to date about department, hotel and company activities. The ideal candidate for this position: Experience in a reservations/call centre or booking environment. Excellent customer care skills. Excellent level of verbal English particularly on the phone. A friendly approachable telephone manner. Willing to work flexible shifts. Good knowledge of Microsoft packages. Ability to handle complaints. Excellent attention to detail and time management Experience using a reservations/ booking system. Ability to work in a team. JurysInn is an Equal Opportunities employer We do not require the assistance of recruitment agencies This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GroupReservationsAgent_job****