Title: Head Chef  Cambridge
Webindex: 70676958
Company: Village Pub Kitchen
Description: Head Chef Working at a Village Pub Kitchen If you re looking for a workplace where you can thrive, the welcoming atmosphere of these beautifully restored village pubs will be just what you re looking for. Unique pubs at the heart of village life Welcoming, comfortable and often built around unique original features and a traditional fire, these uniquely styled pubs put you right at the heart of village life. You ll be serving quality real ales and seasonal dishes, learning how a modern dining experience combines with traditional values to make these pubs the pride of their communities. Welcome to Village Pub Kitchen The Plough The Plough in Cambridge is a fantastic site on the canal and has a wonderful garden. Village Pub and Kitchen are unique pubs oozing with character. They offer a cosy bar and stylish restaurant for the discerning local guests. Whether it is a quiet gettogether or something a little more special, Village Pub and Kitchen provides the perfect atmosphere. A magnificent choice of real ales, premium wines and beautifully presented food ensures guests return again and again. What you ll do in this role As Head Chef here it will be your job to ensure that perfection leaves the kitchen every time. The kitchen is the heart of a Village Pub and Kitchen and we want to be known for our awardwinning food. You ll have the charisma to inspire, lead and develop a talented team in a busy kitchen with lots going on. As Head Chef you ll thrive in a busy, highvolume environment You'll help ensure all in house policies are implemented, monitored and maintained You ll maintain the highest standards What will make you perfect for the job? Having at least 1 years experience of successfully managing a high volume food led business Being able to inspire and develop a team of talented chefs and to enthuse the front of house team about the dishes A passion for delivering great food and an obsessive attention to detail ensuring that every dish that leaves the kitchen leaves a guest satisfied Strict about conforming to health and hygiene regulations Being able to use IT systems and successfully delivered GP targets Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. What we offer Highly competitive Head Chef s salary Attractive Head Chef bonus package up to ****k Opportunity to join a defined contribution pension scheme Excellent training and development programmes Apply for this Head Chef position now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.