Title: General ManagerAberdeen
Webindex: 67561564
Company: R3 Resourcing
Description: General Manager (Retail) Aberdeen, Scotland ****k negotiable for the right person bonus benefits FANTASTIC SENIOR MANAGEMENT OPPORTUNITY FOR SOMEONE WITH VOLUME OR MULTI SITE EXPERIENCE. DO YOU WANT TO WORK FOR AN INNOVATIVE, SUCCESSFUL, MARKET LEADING ORGANISATION THAT PUTS ITS PEOPLE FIRST AND REWARDS THE CUSTOMER WITH GROUND BREAKING SAVINGS? Our client is a Leading international retailer who has established themselves in the UK as an incredibly successful organisation that is going from strength to strength and has a large expansion plan for the coming years. Leading the way in a new approach to retail, they are smashing budgets and storming ahead while others flounder. They are now looking for an experienced, passionate and people focused retail manager to head up their successful store in Aberdeen. This is a fantastic opportunity for someone who is looking for the next step in their career and someone who is passionate about delivering exceptional service and results. You will have previous management experience within a fast paced, multi million pound turnover store and be a highly operational person with a handson approach. Key responsibilities will include training and developing teams, driving sales, stock management and ensuring effective merchandising is applied throughout the store alongside maintaining exceptional standards of customer service at all times. The role of General Manager will drive the highest standards of performance in all aspects of retail operations. You will be involved in all aspects of developing the sales and the store and this will include: Store operations Recruitment Training and development Merchandising Store layout Administration PandL KPIs Team building Delivering excellent customer service You will be fully accountable for your store and so you must have strong business acumen and have an entrepreneurial approach to your work. You will demonstrate: Strategic thinking Commerciality Passion for maximising sales and profit A focus on personal and team training and development The ability to lead, inspire and develop a team Excellent influencing and networking skills The ability to manage multiple products and ranges Confidence and the ability to drive own development The package: Market leading salary Bonus Extensive benefits package Discounts This is an excellent step for a Stor, Multi Site, Regional or Area Manager who is looking to further develop their Retail Management career on a bigger spectrum. CONTACT JODIE AT R**** RESOURCING NOW If you have experience of the Retail industry with a passion for delivering exceptional service and have the ability to manage a team and lead the business forward then look no further This vacancy would be of interest to job seekers searching for the following vacancies: Store Manager, Retail Store Manager, General Manager, Store Management, Flagship Store Manager, Retail Store Management, Flagship Store Management, Shop Manager, Floor Manager, Area Manager, Multi site Manager, Cluster Manager, Divisional Manager, regional Manager. Experts in Retail Recruitment. R****  Think outside the cube Please note: R**** Retail appreciates the time and effort involved in searching for a new role and as a result Endeavour to respond to each application individually, however due to the large volume of responses this is not always possible. Should you have not had a response within 7 days of your application please assume that you have been unsuccessful on this occasion and best of luck with future applications.