Title: Sales & Service
Webindex: 69948346
Company: Copper Pot 
Description: To maintain a high level of customer care at all times. To sell and serve all food and drinks to Company standards. To follow Company procedures in respect of cash handling as detailed in the Retail Staff Handbook. Ensure at all times that legal requirements are strictly adhered to e.g. Licensing Laws, Trade Descriptions Act, Weights and Measures Act, Food Hygiene (general) Regulations, Food Safety Act, Health Safety at Work Act, C.O.S.H.H. Regulations, Fire Regulations, Gaming Acts plus any others that may affect the business. Deal with customer complaints in order to achieve a satisfactory outcome, as per the Company policy. A member of the management team must be informed of all complaints made. To be aware of both the location and use of fire fighting and first aid equipment. To work within all Company Rules and achieve at all times standards required as laid down in this Handbook and in the House Rules. To maximise the full sales potential of the bar and restaurant and ensure that standards are maintained at all times Ensure the security of the house at all times. To present the customer’s bill and ensure the correct payment is received for all goods served. Ensure all goods served are presented on the customer’s bill. To carry out any other reasonable requests by the Management Team. BAR Clean and tidy all service areas including all display materials and equipment. Ensure all bar requisites are available at all times for the use of the customers, e.g. ice, lemons etc Ensure the bar has sufficient stocks for the anticipated trade. RESTAURANT Ensure all cruets and accompaniments are kept clean, filled and well stocked throughout the session. Ensure all dumbwaiters and other areas of the restaurants are kept clean, tidy and well stocked at all times as per brands manual specification. Ensure that the customers are satisfied with their meals, completing a customer care check. To clear all dirty plates and glasses as soon as possible after the customers have finished and relay all tables as per company standards as necessary.