Title: Maintenance Tradesperson  Carpenter
Webindex: 68292187
Company: London Business School
Description: Now recruiting a Maintenance Tradesperson / Carpenter The Position The primary purpose of the post is to ensure all carpentry and associated work requests that support maintenance are completed by agreed deadlines and to a high standard of workmanship. The School It is the Vision of London Business School to have a profound impact on the way the world does business. The department Estates Services is part of the Operations Delivery Department which covers a diverse range of specialist support functions including all aspects of space and office allocation, buildings and maintenance, security, reception, office and copying services, travel services, housekeeping, cleaning, catering, switchboard and fitness centre services. Working as a team, the Operations Delivery Department manages both daytoday operations City and Guilds/NVQ Level 2 trade qualified individual with substantial experience in carpentry maintenance. The successful candidates will have strong teamworking skills and good verbal/written communication skills and will have experience working in a busy maintenance environment on an Estate with modern and listed status buildings. Maintenance Trades Person / Carpenter Benefits: London Business School is committed to nurturing talent and offers its staff a wide range of professional development opportunities. Our staff members enjoy: Generous holiday entitlement Season ticket loan for transportation Excellent recreational facilities and A defined contribution pension scheme. For a full list of benefits, please visit our website. To apply Please review the full job description and apply on line on our website by registering at https://www.london.edu/theschool/workingforus/jobopportunities/jobopportunities.do and submitting your CV, and a covering letter addressing the essential job requirements along with details of your eligibility to work in the UK. Due to the high amount of interest that we receive for each of our roles unfortunately we cannot respond to each application individually. Therefore successful applicants only will be contacted within four weeks of the closing date.