Title: Assistant ManagerSurrey
Webindex: 68234053
Company: Berkeley Scott
Description: LEISURE ASSISTANT MANAGERS REQUIRED ONE OF THE UK's LEADING LEISURE BRANDS Salary: UP TO ****k Location: Surrey Berkeley Scott is proud to be working with one of the country's leading leisure operators in the field. This well established leisure facility, compromises of a caf, bar and entertainment area for the whole family to enjoy in a relaxed atmosphere. This is an excellent opportunity to join this growing company with great career opportunities and one which allows you to develop your own individual style to enhance the customer experience. We are looking for an experienced Assistant Manager in the East London Areas who can think out of the box, passionate about driving sales and can develop the brand to new heights. You will be rewarded with a salary of up to **** generous holiday package and other great benefits including a bonus. There are also lots of career opportunities and the company develops its offering. The sites are located in a competitive market and will provide a challenge both on operational and business aspects of the business. With a strong focus on manmanagement, team development and service standards, you will be expected to lead the team from the front whilst ensuring a PROACTIVE approach to both revenue driving and sales activity. The strong candidates will have the following attributes: Background in hospitality, leisure or retail with several multifunctional operations under one roof  Ten Pin bowling, motorway services, casinos , restaurants etc Proven experience of developing and motivating a team A proactive approach to driving the market and business building. Bright, bubbly and engaging with a good sense of humour Down to earth and approachable Happy to work in a high volume operation with lots of repeat business Happy to build up strong relationships with regular customers who visit the operation several times a week Smart, well presented with good communication skills  presenting a strong professional image at all times Looking for a challenge and happy to embrace change during what are exciting times ahead Ambitious and keen to progress Keen to attract new customers whilst looking after the existing regular clientele The ability to make a customer's experience enjoyable from start to finish Excellent organisational skills Berkeley Scott is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerSurrey_job****