Title: Hospitality / Retail / Bar Experience required for 2013  New Clients
Webindex: 66378729
Company: Citybuzz Marketing
Description: BARTENDERS / WAITRESSES / WAITERS / RETAIL / HOSPITALITY EXPERIENCE WANTED Do you have that certain 'niche' for working with people? In a room full of crowded people, are you the first person people notice? WE WANT TO HEAR FROM YOU Citybuzz Marketing are looking for individuals that are sports minded with an upbeat personality and outstanding people skills. This is ideal for someone with experience in the restaurant, bartending, or retail industries PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS WILL NOT TAKE PLACE IN A RESTAURANT OR RETAIL ENVIRONMENT BUT RATHER WE ARE LOOKING FOR PEOPLE WITH THAT EXPERIENCE As a company we have excelled this year due to our ability to grasp our clients marketing needs and our ability to reach the public directly; by having marketing and advertising campaigns that are not only creative, but also unique. We have discovered new marketing strategies with a strong focus on lead generation. Our goals this year are to work on our offices. Since every opportunity offers you the necessary information that will help you become a successful business owner we do not require that you have any experience. We may give preference to individuals that are available immediately and currently in the Manchester area. Our company focuses on three ideals: The desire to succeed A winning work ethic A competitive mindset If you're sick of 10% Tips, Late Hours, And Asking 'What Side Would You Like With That?' LET US HELP YOU CHANGE YOUR FUTURE If this opportunity sounds exciting to you and you think you have what it takes to excel in this opportunity, then send your CV today All earnings are weekly and are based entirely on the individuals completed sales at the end of the financial week. Due to the nature of the opening we may require selected applicants to spend a voluntary day with us in order to observe the day to day routine before making a decision to work alongside us. We cover all areas of direct marketing, as a company we work with all aspects of the marketing field. Shortlisted applicants will be invited down for a **** minute preliminary meeting to find out everything you need to know about the opening. This is a highly competitive industry, which pays performance. sales management pa promotions marketing customer services immediate no experience money pr rep representative city centre client care hospitality waiter waitress admin hospitality