Title: Sales Executive  East Midlands Conference Center
Webindex: 68233728
Company: i resourcer
Description: Sales Executive  East Midlands Conference Center ( In partnership De Vere Venues Ltd) East Midlands Conference Centre is set in **** acres of The University of Nottingham’s landscaped parkland. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Sales Executive who will be responsible for Maintaining account profiles and growing market share through proactive sales calls, identifying new conference accounts, building relationships with key accounts. The East Midlands Conference Centre (EMCC) and Orchard Hotel are management contracts managed by De Vere Venues. All applicants who apply for and accept a position advertised by the EMCC and/or Orchard Hotel will be employed by EMCC Ltd. Your employment will be subject to the terms and conditions set out by EMCC Ltd. Responsibilities of Sales Executive:  Compiling competitor analysis, adapting strategy accordingly and Researching, Identifying and Qualifying sales leads.  Researching Competitor activity and contacting lapsed users and new client markets, Conference agents and building relationships  You will be required to support all sales projects  Maintain Daily contact with clients onsite to grow business when DOS not present. Benefits included for a Sales Executive:  25 days holidays plus bank holidays  Contributory Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. The ideal candidate will be organised, an excellent communicator, with exceptional attention to detail and the passion to go the extra mile for our customers. Previous experience and the proven ability to manage people within a similar role are required. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Sales Executive (SE EMCC ****) apply now by forwarding your current CV to Lasse Hogberg together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. With over 25 years’ experience, the East Midlands Conference Centre is a unique venue with the ultimate flexibility to accommodate between **** and **** delegates. There are no limits to the size or combination of events we host. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveEastMidlandsConferenceCenter_job****