Title: Sous Chef  Bristol
Webindex: 69251613
Company: Village Pub Kitchen
Description: Sous Chef ******** Working at a Village Pub Kitchen If you re looking for a workplace where you can thrive, the welcoming atmosphere of these beautifully restored village pubs will be just what you re looking for. Unique pubs at the heart of village life Welcoming, comfortable and often built around unique original features and a traditional fire, these uniquely styled pubs put you right at the heart of village life. You ll be serving quality real ales and seasonal dishes, learning how a modern dining experience combines with traditional values to make these pubs the pride of their communities. Welcome to Village Pub Kitchen The Hole In The Wall The Hole in the Wall is a traditional village pub restaurant in Bristol serving tasty, freshly cooked food and topdrawer drinks, with a logfire when it's chilly and a great beer garden for the warmer weather. We're in walking distance of Bristol city centre and the University, and just a shortdrive from Redland, Clifton and Kingsdown. Village Pub and Kitchen are unique pubs oozing with character. They offer a cosy bar and stylish restaurant for the discerning local guests. Whether it is a quiet gettogether or something a little more special, Village Pub and Kitchen provides the perfect atmosphere. A magnificent choice of real ales, premium wines and beautifully presented food ensures guests return again and again. What you ll do in this role As Sous Chef here it will be your job to ensure that perfection leaves the kitchen every time. The kitchen is the heart of a Village Pub and Kitchen and we want to be known for our awardwinning food. You ll have the charisma to help the Head Chef to inspire, lead and develop a talented team in a busy kitchen with lots going on. As Sous Chef you ll help to ensure that every dish that leaves the kitchen is perfection itself You ll help train, develop and grow a fantastic team You ll thrive in a highvolume environment You'll help ensure all in house policies are implemented, monitored and maintained You ll maintain the highest standards What will make you perfect for the job? At least 1 years experience in a similar role in a busy food led business Having some supervisory experience and being seen as a role model within your team A passion for delivering great food and an obsessive attention to detail ensuring that every dish that leaves the kitchen leaves a guest satisfied Strict about conforming to health and hygiene regulations The desire to progress from Sous Chef to become a great Head Chef What we offer Highly competitive Sous Chef salary Opportunity to join a defined contribution pension scheme Many additional company benefits Excellent training and development programmes Apply for this Sous Chef position now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.