Title: Wholesale/Retail Manager  Manchester
Webindex: 70568487
Company: Appetite4Recruitment   High End Restaurants, Pubs & Bars
Description: Wholesale Logistics Manager Manchester  **** plus Bonus Appetite **** Recruitment are thrilled to be working with one of the most fantastic retail catering operators in the UK today. An internationally renowned brand, they employ only the best people in the industry, and directly relate their people to the undisputable success of the company. They have one of the best internal development and training schemes in the industry. I am currently recruiting for a Wholesale Manager for one of their sites in Manchester. Ideally located for maximum footfall and already an extremely successful business, we are looking for a wellrounded and dynamic manager to join the senior management team of this store and continue to drive its success. Your responsibilities will include but not be restricted to:  Overall management of food production and logistical distribution as well as external business relationships;  Proactive marketing of your business to the local area to grow revenue streams though business development whilst still maintaining existing relationships;  Full P L Responsibility  analysis and troubleshooting to maximize sales and minimize waste with a large percentage of your bonus being dependent on your ability to control your P L;  Positive People Management  looking after a large team of individuals within production, logistics and retail, leading, inspiring and motivating them to deliver their best in all situations whilst coaching and developing them to grow within the business  Food Hygiene / Health Safety  maintaining the store in line with legal and company standards, as well as equipment maintenance. This role would be ideally suited to a restaurant or retail store/general manager who is looking for an exciting new challenge. In order to be considered for this role, applicants must:  Currently be a store or restaurant manager within a reasonable volume, BRANDED hospitality business, and have held this position for no less than 2 years.  Have current and relevant experience dealing with high volume (2m annually) and large teams (****)  Have relevant people management experience, and be able to demonstrate your proactive and positive approach to working with people.  Be a vivacious and dynamic manager, experienced in successful local marketing strategies.  Be completely au fait with all the workings of a P L. The successful applicant can look forward to a basic starting salary of up to **** per annum depending on experience with the added benefit of a substantial bonus. Internal training and development are of utmost importance to the business, and you can look to fast track your career with Operations positions not out of reach inside of 2 years. If you would be interested in being considered for this role, please apply now by sending in an up to date copy of your CV in a word document. Not quite what you are after? Please visit our website for all of our current vacancies. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/WholesaleRetailManagerManchester_job****