Title: Kitchen Manager/Cook/Baker
Webindex: 70734176
Company: Summersault
Description: We are looking for a person with enthusiasm, ability and drive for creating good food from fresh quality ingredients. Summersault Restaurant, established 24 years ago and having subsequently developed a high reputation for the quality of its food and ambience needs a cook and a baker of ability to help maintain and develop our real food meals. Summersault is open during the day for morning coffee, lunch and afternoon tea and in the evenings when good food is accompanied by live jazz. Summersault is also an interior design shop as well as a restaurant creating an atmosphere which is unique, comfortable and relaxing where service is efficient, polite, informed and friendly, but where there is little time for old fashioned stuffy formality. We wish to take on a person to assist in expanding the opening hours of this highly successful restaurant that has dedicated itself to providing modern quality food to lovers of real cooking. We have just acquired another adjoining building which we have tastefully converted into a delicatessen and takeaway where we sell our own bread, cakes and salads together with a wide variety of quality foods and takeaway meals from our own kitchen. Please check out our website www. Summersault. Ltd. Uk to gain an idea of the kind of exciting foods you would be involved in producing. We are a relatively medium sized enterprise but looking for someone to grow with us. The person we are looking for must be excited about cooking, be ambitious for their own career development, be a talented cook and baker, be imaginative, energetic, be committed to detail and meticulous in application and hygiene, be dedicated to quality, be eager to learn and open to new ideas and able to take on new challenges, but overall genuinely love food and its creation. The successful candidate must be be competent and knowledgeable in a comprehensive range of cooking and baking. We would preferably like to appoint someone who has some management and experience in the kitchen and has a desire to take on organisational responsibility within our kitchen. It would suit a sous chef who is looking to take step up in their career. The salary will reflect such agreed responsibility. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications, experience and responsibilities of the person appointed. We are also prepared to consider someone who is talented and enthusiastic enough to work themselves into such a role, including management responsibilities. After a successful initial period the candidate would be eligible for a profit related salary scheme. Above all this is a hands on job for someone who loves cooking and baking. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/KitchenManagerCookBaker_job****