Title: Sous Chef  Fantastic Opportunities – Fresh Food – High standards
Webindex: 68837477
Company: Orcinus Recruit
Description: Icing on the Cake: For this permanent position of Sous Chef the salary is up to **** accommodation and a share of the gratuities . The Recipe: Sous Chef: A pretty little Pub set in a quaint little Hampshire village is currently recruiting Sous Chef to join the team. Responsibilities for the Sous Chef role are : The Sous Chef will oversee the smooth running of the kitchen in the absence of the Head Chef Produce and create tasty, classical menus from the finest, seasonal, local produce with the Head Chef Take one **** day weekend a month off The Melting Pot: Our Client has owned this pretty, classical pub, in a quaint little Hampshire village for the past 11 years. They have never faltered on their reputation, its cuisine, or compromised on produce. They have continuously strived to meet the ever changing and evolving menu styles along with customers’ requirements. They are consistently busy from day to day serving anything up to **** hungry customers in a service. Although the local area has been flooded with fierce competition, they have held their own, proving that the menus they produce from fresh local produce are what the customer is wanting. The pub has recently been refurbished and has a fresher, more vibrant and modern interior. The kitchen was the first part of the building to be given a makeover – now the rest of the property will follow in keeping with the menus and team. Essential Elements: This is an awesome opportunity for a Chef de Partie or Junior Sous Chef looking for a step up. The only criteria for this position are passion, commitment to high standards and delivering an exceedingly good experience to clients. Confidence running a team, with the ability to run it smoothly A motivated team player Passionate about fresh, local, seasonal produce The Bread Crumbs: Orcinus Recruit Limited is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. In accordance and compliance with the “Asylum and Immigration act ****” all applicants applying for the above position will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to live and work in the United Kingdom. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SousChefFantasticOpportunitiesFreshFoodHighstandards_job****