Title: RESTAURANT MANAGER, HERTFORDSHIRE HOTEL
Webindex: 68507908
Description: Restaurant Manager, Hertfordshire: An excellent opportunity is available for an experienced Restaurant Manager for this stunning independentlyowned, 4star hotel and is one of Hertfordshire's leading venues. THE HOTEL The Hotel is set in beautiful surroundings and their ****seater Restaurant has two AA rosettes and is proud to serve their guests superb dishes made from fresh ingredients, in a friendly and professional manner. THE ROLE The successful candidate for the role of Restaurant Manager will have previous restaurant management and must enjoy being a 'handson' member of a team. All applicants must have a flexible approach to their work and be willing to work the hours required of the business. An excellent standard of presentation is essential. The role of Restaurant Manager will involve:  Meeting and greeting guests.  Managing the Restaurant so that all guests receive excellent standards of customer service throughout.  Leading shifts, including training and motivating the team.  Recruiting new staff for the restaurant as and when required.  Achieving the budget set for the department.  Encouraging sales and future business.  Liaising effectively with the Kitchen.  Dealing with customer queries and issues.  Compiling and implementing staff rotas.  Ensuring excellent standards of cleanliness and hygiene. The successful Restaurant Manager will work a variety of shifts, on any 5 days from 7, on any day of the year. All applicants must already be eligible to live and work in the UK. If you have a passion and enthusiasm for delivering superb customer service and would like to work in an environment that encourages excellence, we look forward to hearing from you. PACKAGE For the role of Restaurant Manager, on offer is :  An attractive salary of **** to **** per annum depending on experience  Tips  Live in accommodation can be offered  Stakeholder Pension scheme  Life Assurance  Medical care scheme  Free meals on duty HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients' business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Restaurant Manager will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Hotel, Restaurant, General Manager, GM, Restaurant Manager, Manager, GM, Food & Beverage, Food service,