Title: Demi Chef de Partie/ Chef de PartieMultiRosette Country HouseBucks
Webindex: 68706956
Company: Catering Services International
Description: Demi Chef de Partie/ Chef de PartieMultiRosette Country HouseBuckinghamshire Circa ****  **** plus service Accommodation included Meals on Duty Excellent company benefits The Company Our client operates one of the finest Country Houses in the Home Counties. A luxury and wellrenovated hotel set in the beautiful Buckinghamshire countryside, this house is acclaimed as one of the southwest s most prestigious hotels. As you arrive you are welcomed by a jawdropping country house and stunning surroundings. Every room has a feel of history and an old world sense of charm. This is the perfect hotel to get away from it all and enjoy one of the most talked about restaurants in the UK. The role We are looking to recruit a Demi Chef de Partie or a Chef de Partie to join this friendly brigade and work in the hot kitchen. As a Demi / Chef de Partie you will be responsible for assisting in the daily production of items for the multirosette awarded restaurant along with all other outlets. Working as part of the kitchen team the daily task will vary, allowing the successful Demi / Chef de Partie to learn a range of skills whilst using new and exciting ingredients. Applicants for the role of Demi / Chef de Partie must have previous rosette restaurant experience and a healthy knowledge and interest in food. The ideal Demi / Chef de Partie candidate will be dedicated to kitchen life and have the enthusiasm to push their skills to the limit. This is an excellent opportunity to develop your self within an evergrowing establishment. What We Are Looking For Successful individuals will be able to demonstrate the following: A passion for learning and delivering quality food on all fronts. Previous experience within a rosette level restaurant is essential. Enthusiasm and a passion for fine dining. Excellent people, organisation, and communication skills. The right outlook on kitchen life. What Next? If you would like to know more or you would like to apply for this opportunity pick up the phone and call me, Steve Jamieson , on **** **** **** or simply email me at infocatserv.co.uk . I look forward to hearing from you. We can offer permanent and temporary work to our candidates and we are always looking for good candidates for a variety of roles including Chefs, Management in all disciplines, Housekeepers, Hotel Receptionists and Waiting Staff. Please visit our website for all current vacancies  www.cateringinternational.co.uk Catering Services International acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and as an employment business for the supply of temporary workers.