Title: Sales Executive, City Centre Hotel
Webindex: 70144106
Company: Ellis Mack
Description: The Role: Sales Executive. City Centre Hotel Location: Dundee, Scotland Package: circa **** Benefits Ellis Mack Recruitment is working with one of Europe's leading hotel brands gaining a reputation for being at the cutting edge of hospitality today, looking to recruit a talented Sales Executive for its property in Dundee City Centre. The role involves assisting the Business Development Manager to build and develop strong relationships with our clients, manage the client accounts, revenue generation, local PR and marketing. Responsibilities include: •You will be required to liaise with external and internal sales contacts, promoting new business and maintaining existing account revenues. •You will be expected to work in a team and liaise with the other Heads of Department and General Manager with regards to promotions, events and regular guests. •Creating and delivering effective Sales Strategy for the operation. •Providing vision, direction and leadership for the Sales team and venue staff. •HR responsibilities including recruitment, training and development of staff. •Maximising Business Development through every possible avenue available. •Financial accountability – PL, Budgeting and Targeting your department and delivery of these KPIs. •An ambassadorial role for the business. •Market research and analysis of competitors. •Marketing and PR The ideal candidate will: •You must be passionate about sales. •Sales Executives must have excellent communication skills, clear and concise both verbally and written. •Be a team player and be driven by enthusiasm and personality. •Experience within a hospitality background is beneficial. You must have passion for hospitality and deliver service with a smile •Already be operating as a Sales Manager within hospitality or leisure. •Be used to dealing with prestigious and large blue chip clients. •Possess excellent sales and negotiation skills. •Be commercially savvy. •Be driven and focussed on first class standards across every aspect of the operation. •Have shown loyalty and longevity throughout their career. •Have excellent planning and organisational skills. •Possess a UK driver license. An opportunity to work in a newly renovated, fantastic property and for a company offering career opportunities nationwide, adds to the attractiveness of this role. To apply for this role please email your CV to liz.hodnettellismack.co.uk REF: LH**** Ellis Mack Recruitment is operating as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveCityCentreHotel_job****