Title: Relief Reception Manager (Relief Guest Service Manager)
Webindex: 72437751
Company: Holiday Inn Express   Cambridge
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen with the Holiday Inn Express Cambridge for a Relief Guest Service Manager (Relief Reception Manager). Located in Whittlesford, it s just a **** minute train ride from Cambridge Centre and a short distance from M11. The hotel opened in 2010 and has 73 bedrooms, meeting room and a Great Room (reception, bar and breakfast room). The hotel is managed by Chardon Management who oversee all aspects of the hotels operation including finance, sales, marketing, revenue, health & safety, human resources and training. CML is a fast growing company  in **** they managed 4 hotels in Scotland, today they manage over **** hotels across the UK and Northern Ireland. Duties and Responsibilities This is a new role in the team with the main purpose of providing cover for both Guest Service Managers (Reception Managers) and Guest Service Agents (Receptionists). You will provide cover for holidays, sickness and training for all team members, as well as providing extra cover during busy periods. The hotel shifts are 6.50am7pm for days and 6.50pm7am for nights. You will work either alongside another Guest Service Manager, or be in charge of a Guest Service Agent during your shift. Responsible for the Health & Safety of the hotel guests, resolving any problems or queries the guests may have and handling any emergencies that may arise. When on shift as GSM, you are responsible for the running of the hotel in the absence of the General Manager/Senior Guest Service Manager. Responsible for the hotels operation and specifically the Front Office reception team and function Responsible for the switchboard Responsible for the bar facility and breakfast area Supervise staff Train staff in the front office system and ensure they deliver the brand standards Ensuring the reservations and business mix are maximising room revenue Provide assistance and guidance on the front office systems and operation (Opera and Holidex) Other duties require to be carried out throughout the duration of your shift Requirements Applicants will understand the requirements of supervising staff (previous experience desirable) Have worked in customer service or preferably the hospitality sector before and enjoy people interaction Be confident in handling customers and problem solving Be ready to take on more responsibility Be comfortable using computers Be flexible and proactive Ideally have a Basic Food Handling Certificate (training can be provided) Ideally have their Personal Licence (liquor) Ideally hold a First Aider Certificate (3 days) (training can be provided) All applicants must be 18 years as you are required to serve alcohol Any job offer would be subject to suitable Basic Disclosure check and references. You must be eligible to live and work in the UK. This is not a live in position. Company Benefits Include: uniform, skills training programme, 4 weeks holiday entitlement per year, inhouse staff incentive schemes, staff accommodation rates and friends & family rates at any of the Chardon managed properties, staff rates at any IHG property worldwide.