Title: Axis Restaurant Supervisor
Webindex: 68834626
Company: One Aldwych
Description: We are now looking to recruit a Restaurant Supervisor. As the Axis Restaurant Supervisor you will provide support to the Assistant Manager General Manager ensuring the smooth and efficient operation of the Restaurant. Axis is open Tuesday to Friday for Lunch dinner service Saturday dinner only. You will have proven experience managing a similar restaurant or hotel food beverage outlet, in a luxury environment. You will be passionate about food and beverage and will enjoy being in a thriving fast paced restaurant and service environment. You will have the natural ability to build instant rapport with guests in a relaxed yet professional manner ensuring a positive presence at all times. They will pride themselves in service excellence and consistently exceeding guest expectations, and with their excellent leadership skills will motivate their team to do the same. As the Supervisor you will have: Proven experience of supervising in a luxury environment An indepth understanding of modern British cuisine The ability to train and develop a team to achieve consistent high standards The ability to work under pressure An excellent command of spoken and written English language We will offer you: A very competitive salary Season ticket loans Meals on duty Uniform and uniform care Performance review and personal development plan Internal transfer promotion opportunities **** / 32 days holiday per annum, increasing **** day annually up to 4 years Yearly hotel stay with dinner in the outlet of your choice Support in the development of your career One Aldwych is renowned as an employer that invests in its staff and provides fantastic training and development opportunities to help develop your career. People are our greatest asset and we are always on the look out for motivated and professional individuals. We place a great deal of importance on assembling the best possible team of people at all levels and then providing the right training and opportunities to allow people to develop to their full potential. 2012 Best Employers in Hospitality Awards, June 2012 One Aldwych is named one of the “top 50 employers in England and Wales ” in the annual 2012 Best Employers in Hospitality Awards. The hotel was the runnerup in the Best Large Independent Hotel Employer category. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AxisRestaurantSupervisor_job****