Title: Assistant Manager Merchant of Bishopsgate (****k  bonus)
Webindex: 68707137
Company: SSP
Description: About SSP  The Food Travel Experts SSP is the leading dedicated operator of food and beverage brands in travel locations worldwide, with a long heritage in food and travel, with over 60 years experience in the industry, serving millions of customers every week. All our operations feature a mix of food and beverage brands tailored specifically for each location. SSP employs c **** staff across 32 countries  our food travel experts . We are currently looking for an Assistant Manager for Merchant of Bishopsgate, a flagship pub at Liverpool Street station. The Role & Key Accountabilities We are looking for a confident and tenacious Assistant Manager who is passionate about delivering outstanding customer service within a highvolume, branded bar environment and can coach and develop their people to be the stars of the future. We have a great food offer both at the Merchant as well as offering traditional beers, innovative wines and a great team. The Merchant of Bishopsgate offer customers a place to grab a drink and a bite to eat whilst they wait for their train. Speed of service is vital at both sites and the Assistant Managers will be critical in ensuring that service standards and product quality are maintained, even at peak time. Skills & Experience To be successful in this role, you will need: Management experience within a highvolume bar environment, which has fast service and sales focus Experience of managing, motivating and developing a large team to deliver excellent levels of customer service, take standards to the next level and therefore drive sales A keen eye for detail and standards so therefore a knowledge of the standards and structured processes required working within a branded environment. Sound commercial financial acumen and knowledge of the financial controls required when running a unit  cost control and P&L reviews. As this is an railway station environment, flexibility to work shifts including earlies, lates and weekends, including duty management, should be a consideration when applying. Benefits & Incentives In addition to a competitive salary up to **** you can earn up to 15% performancerelated bonus, 28 days holiday (including bank holidays), superb learning/ development and career progression opportunities, ongoing support from head office functions, discounts, pension and healthcare (after qualifying period) plus many other benefits. For more information about us, please visit our website www.sspcareers.co.uk PLEASE NOTE YOU WILL BE REDIRECTED TO OUR ONLINE SYSTEM WHERE YOU WILL BE REQUIRED TO COMPLETE A SHORT QUESTIONNAIRE