Title: Assistant Chef/Cook
Webindex: 72450339
Company: Support Services Group
Description: ROLE SUMMARY: As a cookchef and a member of the catering team your role is vital in bringing to life this very prestigious propert, for inspiring its visitors about our passion for fresh seasonal and local food, looking after them and making them feel welcome. As a member of our team youwill play a valuable role in helping in the day to day running of the organisations largest and arguably most prestigious Restaurant and Catering operation in the South East. KEY RESULT AREAS: The post holder shall: Be a skilled chef/cook able to produce and prepare large volumes of home–made Cakes, and desserts, hot and cold main meals and fresh soups, using seasonal and local produce. Ability to produce and prepare high volumes to standard recipes in order to ensure consistence. Ordering of food stocks and stock controls and stocktaking in conjunction with the head chef and catering manager. Ensure deliveries are checked, recorded and stored as required by the company food safety policy Adhere to the company rulebook and food, health and safety policies Ensure all aspects of Security of buildings, stocks and collections are adhered to with the security policy Be accountable for their personal development through the appraisal process. (Individuals with line management responsibility are also accountable for the development of their staff.) Take reasonable care for the health and safety of themselves and of others who may be affected by their acts or omissions at work. About you You’ll obviously know your way around a kitchen. We’d also like you to have a minimum Level 2 Food Hygiene Certificate, and know all about Health Safety in the kitchen. More than anything, you enjoy working as part of a team, and you’ll be happy sharing your culinary expertise with colleagues. Due to the rural location of the property and minimal public transport links, access to your own transport is required. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: KNOWLEDGE Essential: Holds a Basic Food Hygiene certificate Keen interest and passion for fresh local food and ingredients Basic understanding of Health Safety Desirable: Cooking qualifications ie. City and Guilds, NVQ Level 3 intermediate food hygiene certificate COSHH training Interest in locality and catering industry SKILLS: Essential: Good skills in food production/cooking with a little Knowledge of bakery and pastry Good verbal communication skills Good organiser A good team player Ability to use own initiative, self motivated High standards of presentation EXPERIENCE: Essential: Experience in medium to large scale catering operations. Experienced skilled chef with a varied catering experience background Desirable: Has experience in catering at a tourist attraction with emphasis on using seasonal and local produce Permanent, full time (37.5 hours per week) Very few evenings This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssistantChefCook_job****