Title: Marketing Executive  International Hotel Brand  Based on Property
Webindex: 67773313
Company: JAP Associates
Description: Company Information: Our client is a Progressive International Hotel Group who is currently recruiting for their flagship **** Star Deluxe Hotel based in Berkshire. The hotel boasts a multi award winning restaurant, extensive conference and banqueting facilities and state of the art leisure facilities; this makes the hotel a popular choice for both Corporate and Leisure guests. They are currently recruiting for a Marketing Executive to join the Sales and Marketing Team. Job description: As Marketing Executive you role will involve developing the leisure market segment with a particular emphasis on weekend/ FIT and wholesaler and other group orientated business. You will be responsible for developing all the E Commerce and web based sales opportunities including the identification of third part websites and booking channels. You will also support the membership sales and Spa packages for the leisure club and spa located within the hotel by creating and implementing new marketing concepts. The role will also involve indentifying key events and creating and developing marketing and promotional material within the hotel with an emphasis on the food and beverage side of the operation. The hours for this role are Monday to Friday 09.00am  6.00pm Ideal Background: The Ideal Marketing and E Commerce position will have previous hotel experience within a similar role or be a Sales Coordinator who has had exposure to the E Commerce side of the business as well as sales. It is essential you good IT and web based skills and are able to demonstrate excellent communication skills both verbally and written. It is also vital you are able to work set targets and goals and be able to demonstrate a proactive approach to achieve your goals. Knowledge of working with a Corporate Hotel Group would be advantageous and current UK hotel experience is essential. This role could suit a graduate with good E Commerce and Marketing experience within the looking to gain further experience within the Industry. Salary and Benefits: Our client is offering a very competitive salary for this Marketing Executive role of ****  **** depending on experience. You will also receive excellent corporate hotel benefits on a worldwide scale and excellent future career progression and training. In order to process your application please forward you CV in word document to Justine Perry to justine.perryjapassociates.co.uk JAP Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. In accordance and compliance with the “Asylum and Immigration Act ****” all applicants applying for the above position will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to live and work in the United Kingdom. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/MarketingExecutiveInternationalHotelBrandBasedonProperty_job****