Title: Meeting and Events Executive
Webindex: 67380236
Company: Millennium & Copthorne Hotels plc 
Description: The Millennium Hotel London Mayfair is currently seeking a Meeting Events Executive to take responsibility for the planning, organising and administering of client events from initial enquiry to preparation of the final invoice, and hand over to the operations team on the day. They are also responsible for ensuring client satisfaction, that profitability is maximised, that up selling opportunities are offered in line with the clients budget and that the client is advised and assisted throughout the planning stages. As a Meeting Events Executive , your Key Responsibilities Include: Providing comprehensive quotations for all types of meetings and events. Conducting hotel site inspections where appropriate. Attending weekly Banquet Event Order operations meetings, presenting the events you are responsible for. Meeting face to face with clients and note their requirements at the time and offer advice to ensure the event is a success. Offering the client a completely bespoke and innovative service by suggesting menus, wines, different colour linen and much more.Offering the client total flexibility and at the same time ensuring it is workable. For Ballroom / private dining events  to be present throughout the duration of any events responsible for and assist with other events, when required, for smaller events to be present at the beginning of each event at each break. Efficiently communicating with all heads of departments, especially the Executive Chef and the Meetings Events Operations Manager. Entertaining clients at the hotel and act as an ambassador for the hotel, always realising that they are a key member of the hotel sales team. Having good financial understanding of the department performance including the food and drink costs and the overall profitability. To be well presented and businesslike during office hours and appropriately attired during evening events. Following company credit policy, advising all clients of the standard terms and conditions and deposit and cancellation policies. Displaying good business acumen in securing reservations and converting enquiries. Ensuring all client meetings are followed by a comprehensive and accurate written summary with a maximum of 2**** hours, ideally less. To ensure all brochure enquiries are sent immediately with no delay. The Experience Qualifications required as a Meeting Events Executive are:  Ideally, at least 612 months previous experience working in a Conference and Banqueting Sales Team, at an equivalent hotel property at 4 Star Deluxe or **** Star Level  Previous London experience would also be preferable but not essential. Other Skills Required as Meeting Events Executive are :  Good Communication Skills.  Good Written/Spoken English  Good Numeracy Skills  Good Telephone Manner  Well Presented Appearance in line with our Grooming Standards. Millennium Copthorne Hotels is a hotel company with over **** hotels worldwide. We offer an excellent benefits package as well as great opportunities to develop and progress within the hospitality industry. We are keen to welcome applications from all sectors of society as appointments are based purely on merit If you feel that you have the experience, qualifications and skills to be a Meeting Events Executive at the Millennium Hotel London Mayfair then apply by forwarding your up to date CV together with a covering letter to the link below. Please only apply for this position if you are currently living in and have the right to work full time in the UK with no restrictions. We are unable to apply for or transfer work visa’s or UK entry clearance on your behalf. STRICTLY No agencies  preferred suppliers will be contacted if required This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/MeetingandEventsExecutive_job****