Title: Assistant Restaurant Manager  Kingston
Webindex: 67257656
Company: TGI Friday s
Description: Assistant Restaurant Manager  Kingston The TGI Friday s brand provides an authentically American fusion of craveable food and drink, atmosphere and exceptional service and is looking for an Assistant Manager to join the team in Kingston. We believe that our people are our family, our guests become friends and our competitors envy us. An Assistant Restaurant Manager (ARM) keeps the store running… the first step into management. They come from all sorts of education and backgrounds with no ceiling to progress. In fact there s no typical ARM except for a shared passion for excellence. Our market is evolving all the time but TGI Friday s is growing while others disappear. With no limits on the company s potential development, we have **** UK stores already. Few offer a total package like ours… atmosphere, guest obsession and enjoyment. It s often said that our people are our family, guests are friends and competitors envy us. As an Assistant Restaurant Manager you will: Be responsible for managing all aspects of specific departments within the restaurant. Train and develop up to **** Restaurant team members through ongoing feedback and by conducting performance reviews on a regular basis. Prepare schedules and ensure the Restaurant is staffed for all shifts. Be a role model and motivate and inspire your teams to deliver great guest experiences Know the key business performance measures; analyse trends and take appropriate action to meet targets Ensure everything within the store complies with T.G.I Friday s, store and legal requirements, standards and procedures Benefits: Opportunity to GROW your career within a people orientated business Excellent bonus schemes Company contributory Pension scheme Private medical insurance Comprehensive training programme Be part of a Global company Discounted meals at Friday s It s inevitable that TGI Friday s will become a big part of your life, with enduring friendships resulting from the close team spirit. You will be inspired by our valuable theories and philosophies and with no evidence of hierarchy, we all work like one big engine. With constructive guidance from all quarters our aim will be to ensure you achieve your full potential. You ll soon learn what you re doing right, as well as wrong because with regular reviews we all know where we stand and what our objectives are. As a TGI Friday s Assistant Restaurant Manager, you could be at the start of your rise to great things. We believe in you, we believe we are the best because you are the best at what you do We will help you achieve your full potential whilst ensuring you have a balanced work and home life. Don t take our word for itFor a window on life at T.G.I Friday s click ‘Apply now to apply online. We are delighted to report to report that our Management roles are very popular and often attract a wealth of talent. So please don t delay  apply at your earliest opportunity The T.G.I.Friday s brand was established in New York in **** In the UK today we provide an authentically American fusion of craveable food and drink, atmosphere and exceptional service.