Title: General Manager required for a busy bar in Kilburn
Webindex: 71959914
Company: B B London LTD
Description: GENERAL MANAGER REQUIRED FOR LATE NIGHT BAR KILBURN SALARY: Up to **** dependent on experience We are looking for experienced General Manager to run a busy late night bar located within north west London You will need experience of running a busy branded late night venue or nightclub and have a proven track record of success. You will run the business as if it were your own, but within the brand and will have the support. Situated in a good area the operation boasts a strong clientele and has a real mixture of people drinking with a busy, buzzing clubby atmosphere in the evenings. The company's operations are quality operations which are successful and popular weekends Job Description As General Manager, we are looking for someone who can really be identified 'face' of the operation and is extremely good at relationship building and getting their face and name out there. We are looking for a great networker who knows how to market their business and who can build strong relationships with a mixed clientele of students and quality clientele who want to enjoy the party atmosphere and quality drinks in this lively establishment where service is second to none. In your role as General Manager you will lead a small management team in driving the business forward. You will be focused on your teams development and increasing the standards of service in both wet and dry.You must have an excellent eye for detail and have a proven ability of working within a high volume unit. Required Experience:  The ideal candidate should have the drive and passion to succeed in the late night bar or club industry.  A proven ability in either a quality bar or nightclub at General Manager or Deputy Manager level is essential  The ability to manage a high volume operation A good understanding of the financial side of the business  A great networker who is happy to be running a high profile operation and is good at building strong relationships with its clientele  Good wet and dry knowledge  Extremely standards orientated  You will be the holder of a Personal Licence You will need:  Good Communication skills  Be personality led  The drive to succeed Salary and Benefits Competitive salary of up to **** depending on experience. With an ever expanding portfolio, the company are opening more new sites in the future and there are plenty of opportunities for development and progression in other parts of London In order to ensure your enquiry with regards to this position is dealt with quickly, please send in an uptodate copy of your Curriculum Vitae. Due to high demand, only successful candidates will be contacted. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GeneralManagerrequiredforabusybarinKilburn_job****