Title: Assistant Manager  Hemel Hempstead
Webindex: 71855124
Company: Sizzling Pubs
Description: Working at Sizzling Pubs Do you love to be at the heart of the community, serving locals and regulars the food and drink they love? Then the vacancies at these friendly pubs will suit you down to the ground. Sizzling platters. Sizzling value. A Sizzling Pub provides the cheerful drinks, tasty food and colourful characters that make working days whizz by. It s lively work, with regular events, a varied menu, food sizzling on piping hot iron skillets and lots of smiling families. So if you re looking to bring some fun to your working life, look no further Welcome to Sizzling Pubs Top of the World Sizzling Pubs Top of the World is special because This Sizzling Pub in Hemel Hempstead really shows what a community pub is all about. Maintaining strong links with all aspects of the local residents from sports teams to coffee mornings. The only pub in the country with this name and situated on one of the highest vantage points in the county.  Please note that the successful candidate will be required to work at other pubs in our district, sometimes at short notice therefore must be have continued use of a vehicle. At Sizzling Pubs we re famous for our sizzling skillets loaded with all sorts of delicious things from surf and turf combos to juicy prime steaks. But our skillets aren t the only things that keep our customers coming back for more. There s our delicious meaty burgers, our gorgeous gammon hock, even our super mega sundaes. What you ll do in this role As Assistant Manager here it ll be your job to put the sizzle into the whole Sizzling Pubs experience for each and every one of our customers. So never mind if it s drizzling outside, it ll be sizzling inside with fantastic pub food, a great range of drinks and a buzzing atmosphere. As Assistant Manager, you ll be helping the General Manager put the sizzle into his team too As Assistant Manager, you ll be ensuring that standards of food and service are consistently excellent You ll be responsible for training and inspiring a large team First and last impressions count and it ll be your job to ensure that customers leave with the right one You ll be taking your first step on a management career ladder that s limited only by your ambition You ll be joining our awardwinning Assistant Manager Programme What will make you perfect for the job? Ideally six months experience in a high volume pub, bar or restaurant A handson approach so you can really lead by example You ll be a real people person who s great at customer service A passion for great food and drink The ambition to be a great manager of the future What we offer Contributory pension scheme Private healthcare Structured training programme 25 days holiday Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.