Title: Assistant Manager  Carluccio's  Newcastle New Opening
Webindex: 70735561
Company: Carluccio's
Description: NEW ASSISTANT MANAGER VACANCY  Currently we have an amazing opportunity within our restaurants in Newcastle for the role of Assistant Manager. Interested? Read on for further details and to apply for the Assistant Manager position, we would love to hear from you. In our Carluccio’s restaurants you will find an authentically Italian experience, offering freshly prepared high quality products at an incredible value. Our service is friendly, informal and efficient. We try to consistently make our customer’s experience special, whether they come in for a quick espresso or four course meal This important role involves assisting the General Manager in the successful running of the restaurant. You will be expected to take responsibility, and so it provides a valuable opportunity to learn about the whole business, as well as offering a useful launch pad for progress in your career. Carluccio’s is still growing slowly with approximately **** restaurants opening a year, which means that there is always going to be room for progression for those who are looking for a career within a company that is still expanding throughout the UK. Qualities we are looking for in prospective Assistant Managers need to: Be enthusiastic, hardworking and flexible, with a passion for Italian food Thrive on working under pressure in a busy environment Be able to think, act and speak positively Be selfmotivated Thrive on challenges Want to be developed and coached to achieve their full potential for growth Have a genuine passion for hospitality, customers and people As a Manager with Carluccio’s we provide exceptional training and development, whilst rewarding you for your hard work with taxi allowances, trips to Italy, a generous management discount and a management bonus of up to **** We believe in developing people to the very best of their ability. The Staff training is exceptional, thorough and challenging, sometimes tough but always a lot of fun. It is based on a hands on approach in order to gain experience of every aspect of running a high volume restaurant, from preparing coffee, to running a successful shift, to making Foccacia bread It also helps our Managers to acquire exceptional knowledge of Italy and Italian food Take a look at our website www.carluccios.com to learn more about us. All candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this position. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerCarlucciosNewcastleNewOpening_job****