Title: KITCHEN MANAGER  QUALITY STEAKHOUSE AND GRILL
Webindex: 68233747
Company: Detail 2 Leisure
Description: Fantastic opportunity to join this new and exciting brand within a massive hospitality organisiation as a Kitchen Manager. Offering excellent training and development prospects for an experienced Kitchen Manager who is looking to further their career in this contemporary pub dining concept. This is a great opportunity to be involved in the management team for this new site opening. The Company: Our client is a stylish brand, part of one of the most successful restaurant chains in the country, set in beautiful locations in traditional character buildings. They are renowned for serving consistently delicious fresh food and are committed to exceeding customer expectations. This reputation makes them appealing to a wide range of customer cliental and has distanced them from their competitors. Job Role  Kitchen Manager  Quality Steakhouse and Grill: As a result of brand expansion our client has a vacancy for a Kitchen Manager / Head Chef. Their role would be to ensure that the kitchen operates smoothly, to manage the profitability by providing consistently excellent food and exceeding guests service expectations. If you can inspire your team to success you can expect competitive benefits, rewards, excellent training and exceptional career prospects. The successful client will drive this through: Having bags of enthusisam and drive along with new ideas for ways to increase sales and promote your business. Living the values. Leading by example. In return you will be working for a multibrand company that really values their employees and is committed to career development. This is an excellent opportunity for an ambitious Kitchen Manager. Key Attributes  Kitchen Manager  Quality Steakhouse and Grill: Hands on experience of preparing fresh food, on a cook to order basis, within a restaurant background. An ambitious individual, driven by 100% customer satisfaction. Absolute eye for detail and passionate about food quality. Knowledge of the highest standards of Health Safety, hand in hand with Hygiene, and be able to implement this into the work place. Be a team player with the desire to develop yourself and those around you. A desire to excel in everything you do. Excellent stock and profit control. Detail****Leisure is a division of Detail **** Group Limited and acts as an employment agency. We are the chosen recruitment partner for many of the UK's leading hospitality leisure companies. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/KITCHENMANAGERQUALITYSTEAKHOUSEANDGRILL_job****