Title: Night Duty Manager  YHA (England amp; Wales)  York
Webindex: 67770272
Description: Position Description Night Duty Manager  YHA York  Live out  Permanent  Flexible Hours Start Date: 11th March 2013 Closing Date: 29th January 2013 YHA York reopens on 29th March 2013, following our 2million refurbishment and we want you to be part of delivering a world class hostel experience to our guests. We are looking for a Night Duty Manager. This key position will support front of house, maintaining excellent customer service, and maximising sales opportunities where possible and be responsible for the safety and comfort of our guests throughout the night. What is life like as a Night Duty Manager with YHA? Quite simply, fun and diverse No two nights are ever the same at YHA but our Night Duty Managers will need to:  Ensure excellent customer service standards are maintained throughout the night  Take ownership of our guests safety and well being  Be a first line of support for Team Members If you're looking for an exciting challenge outside the standard ninetofive, then working for YHA could be the job for you. Required Experience In order to be a great Night Duty Manager we are looking for people who can:  Lead, develop and mentor others  Work independently  Show a good understanding of YHA, the hospitality industry and current tourist industry standards  Put the customer at the heart of everything we do  Demonstrate they have the Spirit of YHA: o Sustainability  Positively caring about your working environment and taking actions to protect it o Passion  To be 'bold and proud' of working for YHA and delivering our Charitable Objective o Innovation  Always looking for ways to improve o Responsibility  Taking ownership of your development and performing to the best of your ability o Inclusivity  Encouraging participation from all o Trust  Being reliable, resourceful and trustworthy with everyone you meet Salary & Benefits Our award winning benefits package includes:  29 Days Holiday  Free Simply Health Cash Plan  Exclusive Retail Discounts  Free YHA Membership  Free Hostel Stays Our contracts are offered on a flexible basis, depending on the business needs you will have a guaranteed minimum of 25 hours per week up to a maximum **** hours. Employer Description YHA is a charity with a clear mission: to inspire all, especially young people to broaden their horizons gaining knowledge and independence through new experiences of adventure and discovery. We have a network of diverse hostels throughout England and Wales  often situated in exceptional locations. These welcoming and sociable spaces are open to everyone. We have strong beliefs and a passion for what we do. By encouraging a spirit of adventure, we aim to inspire people of all ages to discover the world around us. Site Description YHA York, an attractive Victorian House offers 147 beds and is a great base for exploring the historic City of York. The hostel has a fully licensed restaurant and bar that attracts families, individuals and school groups