Title: Conference & Events Manager  De Vere Venues Ltd  Brigade
Webindex: 68699284
Company: I Resourcer
Description: Conference Events Manager  De Vere Venues Ltd  Brigade Brigade, based at the historic fire station on Tooley Street, London SE1, is a new bar and bistro. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Conference Events Manager, who will actively manage the conference and events, private dining, build relationships with customers ensuring repeat business and contribute to the profitability to the company. Responsibilities of Conference Events Manager:  Proactively identify customer needs and provide solutions to match them  Effectively manage the conference and events team  Ensure full understanding of Brigades conferences and events and private dining  Contribute to the smooth running of Brigade through helping out in all departments Benefits included for a Conference Events Manager:  25 days holidays plus bank holidays  Private Medical Insurance Scheme  Contributory Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. You will be working in a busy environment which requires a consistency in customer service, flexibility and being able to work well under pressure. You must have experience in Events, ideally in a Hotel/Conference environment. You may be required to work some weekends to ensure the smooth running of events. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Conference Events Manager apply now by forwarding your current CV to Marc Alexander together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space – a forward thinking business with personality creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Brigade is a dedicated event and private dining space, boasting a wine tasting lounge and a cook school. It is the ideal setting for both corporate and social events, and offers a fun and informal atmosphere. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ConferenceEventsManagerDeVereVenuesLtdBrigade_job****