Title: General Manager Designate  South East
Webindex: 66501448
Company: Harvester
Description: Working at Harvester Friendly, familyfocused food is what we re all about. So if you love making kids smile as much as you like delicious, freshlychargrilled food, look no further than our Harvester. Great food for all the family There s always a happy family buzz about Harvester, and this friendly, vibrant atmosphere can really help your career takeoff. Develop your skills by preparing and serving a great range of delicious grills, spit roasts, farm assured chicken and fish. Learn how to keep the whole family happy with special Young Guest dishes, kids activity sheets and the famous unlimited visits Harvester salad bar. Welcome to the Harvesters in the South East. An opportunity has arisen for an individual who has aspirations to manage a Licensed House to join our Harvester brand. A degree of flexibility is required as a General Manager Designate, after a period of training, will spend some time in a number of businesses learning our Brand and our processes before being appointed to their first Management position. This vacancy could suit an individual looking for their first General Manager position or an existing General Manager looking to join our exciting Brand If you are hard working, selfmotivating and have a track record of developing people and inspiring teams to deliver great results, we would love to hear from you You ll find plenty of happy families at Harvester. Including the great big happy families that work here In fact, here at Harvester the happy family atmosphere seems to make big kids of everyone. So why not join us as General Manager Designate and help to keep our families happy on both sides of the till? What you ll do in this role As General Manager Designate, you ll be looking to progress into your own General Manager role within 36 months. But, in the meantime, there s work to be done. As part of your training, you ll be travelling around a number of our sites in the area, getting the hang of our culture, standards and high volume management needs before taking on your own pub. If that all sounds a bit, well, serious and corporate, the good news is you ll also be joining in a whole heap of fun You ll spend time at a number of our sites learning about all aspects of our business You ll also be taking on managerial responsibilities working alongside the General Manager This will give you plenty of opportunity to show what you can do After training, you may be made Holding Manager for a period before progressing to a fullyfledged General Manager s role What will make you perfect for the job? At least 2 years management experience Determination to become a great manager Commitment, passion and a real desire to succeed A charismatic fun personality that s infectious for customers and staff alike Being flexible enough to be prepared to work at a number of different locations in the region Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle What we offer Highly competitive salary Generous benefits package Quality training 25 days holiday Apply now If you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.