Title: Snr Chef de Partie or Jnr Sous chef  Quality Hotel  Derbyshire
Webindex: 61484166
Company: Peaks Dales Recruitment
Description: Experienced Multi rosette Chef de Partie to train up to Jnr Sous  Top end rosette  up to **** total package Live in available  Ideal commute from Chesterfield/Sheffield or Peak district Michelin star Head chef Immediate start available This well known high quality **** Country House Hotel with a multi rosette Restaurant in Derbyshire is looking to recruit a Chef de Partie to join this successful brigade of ****. This Chef de Partie position will suit an experienced Chef de partie who is passionate about food and shows some flair and imagination. This country house Hotel/ multi rosette Restaurant has an excellent reputation in the local area and beyond. They would then look for you to push on to Jnr Sous chef level in 6 months max The establishment uses all local suppliers and is very proud of this fact. To re literate this fact they produce an award winning menu which utilises the best produce available depending on availability and seasonality. This country house hotel offers an award winning fine dine restaurant and has a busy wedding trade. It is your chance to work under a Michelin star chef  To work in a kitchen striving for top end multi rosette  This stylish hotel has a fantastic modern kitchen along with kitchen garden Chef de Partie skills required: Experience with working with all fresh food (rosette awarded ideally) at Chef de Partie level 12 Rosette standard desired Right attitude and desire to learn Passion for food Mainly straight shifts Chef de Partie benefits: Excellent salary of up to **** Great opportunity to learn and develop Working in a rosette standard kitchen in Derbyshire Free parking on site Meals on Duty Live in Available If this sounds like the chef de partie opportunity you are looking for send your CV to us. If this chef de partie position doesn t sound like the job you are looking for, we have many other chef de partie vacancies available, and will be happy to help you find you re next exciting position, email Victoria today on victoriapeaksanddalesrecruitment.co.ukwith a copy of your CV. In line with the requirements of the Asylum & Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Documented evidence of the eligibility will be required from candidates as part of the recruitment process.