Title: Sous Chef – Fresh Premium Branded Restaurant  NEW OPENING  Kent
Webindex: 70735571
Company: Bee Recruitment London Ltd
Description: Sous Chef – Stylish Fresh Premium Branded Restaurant  Tunbridge Wells NEW OPENING Great Food – Great Wine – Great People The Client – Sous Chef – Tunbridge Wells The concept is based on simple affordable quality, with fresh classic dishes and a menu that insures that its customers return again and again. With a chic design, every aspect of these restaurants has been meticulously thought out offering a truly great dining experience. The client offers some of the best training and development in the industry to Head Chefs. The Role – Sous Chef  Tunbridge Wells The Sous Chef is required to help head up this focused kitchen brigade in this fresh branded operation. You will be expected to help lead the team from the front, delivering and following the standards. You will be, focused, passionate and well organised with the ability to handle pressure. Key Skills – Sous Chef  Tunbridge Wells You will currently be a Sous chef from a structured food background. You will be able to follow guidelines and standards set by the company. You will be a great communicator and have great man management skills. You will have good hygiene awareness and be able to manage consistency Rewards – Sous Chef  Tunbridge Wells Great basic up to ****k Paid overtime Straight shifts and great quality of life Amazing training and development Rewarding and challenging environment Candidate Information – Sous Chef  Tunbridge Wells All candidates must provide proof of identity and eligibility to work in the UK along with and relevant supporting qualifications. Bee Recruitment is an equal opportunities employer, a recruitment agency dedicated to recruitment in the hospitality industry. Please send your CV to Taffeta at taffetabeerec.com or call on **** Due to the high number of applicants we receive sadly we cannot reply to everyone, therefore if you do not hear back from us within 5 days please assume you have been unsuccessful this time This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SousChefFreshPremiumBrandedRestaurantNEWOPENINGKent_job****