Title: General Manager  Yates Leigh
Webindex: 70031939
Company: Yates s
Description: General Manager  Yates s, Leigh Due to a recent GM promotion, a fantastic opportunity has arisen at this market town Yates s in Leigh, Greater Manchester. This single bar site has a beer garden locals pub in the town centre during the day with repeat custom as well as families, sports supporters the place to be . This value driven site currently trades with AWS of ****k, ****k of which is food. The successful applicant will be a passionate, strong and talented individual, who leads from the front, has a big personality experience in a General Manager role. They will have a proven track record of sales building both in the day s is an established part of the UK s high streets, and serves great food and drinks. Yates s is an icon of the UK s pub and bar scene and continues, today, to offer great value even when partying into the night. Yates s remains famous as a great nighttime and weekday venue which always creates a great atmosphere. At Yates s we pride ourselves on our awardwinning menu. We offer tasty breakfasts to kick start your day, a great selection for a lunch time pitstop and an extensive Mains and Grills section should you wish to enjoy an evening meal  we look after the whole day. From breakfast through to dinner and all those bits in betweenwe have it covered. General Manager  What we want: We are looking for General Managers who can demonstrate the passion and commitment to succeed in this highenergy, revitalised business. After all, we re not just a leading pub and hospitality group: we re an innovative and passionate team, with big ambitions for the future. As a General Manager you will have responsibility and accountability for: Growing sales every day Being proud of your people Keeping your pub legal and your customers safe Investing in the future of the company by being profitable Delivering fantastic experiences for every customer on every visit. General Manager salary and benefits In return, as a General Manager, you will receive: Competitive salary Uncapped bonus scheme **** day s holiday Single private health care cover Stake holder pension scheme Extensive training and career progression opportunities Individual incentives This could be a fantastic opportunity for a General Manager to work in an environment that is fun as well as challenging with the training and development to take your career along the path of your choice  so come and talk to us.