Title: Deputy Manager Amusements Carlisle Up to ****k
Webindex: 68834630
Company: Berkeley Scott
Description: DEPUTY MANAGER REQUIRED ONE OF THE UK's LEADING LEISURE BRANDS Salary: UP TO ****  Bonus, benefits, incentives and progression Location: CARLISLE A Deputy Manager position has become available within one of the countries leading leisure companies. This well established leisure facility, compromises of a caf, bar and entertainment area for the whole family and groups of friends to enjoy in a relaxed atmosphere. This is an excellent opportunity to join this growing company with great career opportunities and one which allows you to develop your own individual style to enhance the customer experience. We are looking for an experienced Deputy Managers in the Carlisle area who can think out of the box, are passionate about customer service and driving sales forward as well as being comfortable and confident in managing large teams and undertaking some financial responsibilities. The starting salary for the successful candidate is paying up to **** plus bonus and other great benefits, including healthcare options, discounts and progression. With a strong focus on staffmanagement, team development and service standards, you will be expected to lead the team from the front being exceptionally hands on whilst ensuring a proactive approach to both driving revenue and sales activity forward. The ideal candidate will possess the following: Bright and bubbly personality and be able to engage with customers comfortably Have a passion for the industry Experience working in a fast paced, high volume environment Happy to build up strong relationships with regular customers who visit the operation several times a week Be ambitious and keen to progress The ability to make a customers experience enjoyable from start to finish Have excellent organisational skills A proactive approach to assisting with marketing the company  the ability to drive Sales and Marketing internally. The ability to drive footfall into the operations on quiet nights Proven experience of developing and motivating a team  Very competent on setting reviews and objectives Background in hospitality, leisure or retail with several multifunctional operations under one roof Some Financial Accountability Good Business Managers with strong financial awareness and who can assist in the management of a P and L and budgets The businesses are complex and Managers will be managing a food operation with a cafe/diner and a wet bar as well as the amusement side so there are several different revenue streams. Preferred backgrounds: Restaurants Any F and B type background Pubs Cinema Management Bingo Casino Motorway Services Bowling The roles are very handson and as always they are not looking for Managers who want to be in the office  they must be prepared to roll their sleeves up. They are looking for inspirational leaders to join their teams. As a member of the management team you will be responsible for the day to day running of the centre operation ensuring the team are driving and delivering sales and providing service to exceed customer's expectations. In order to ensure your enquiry with regards to this position is dealt with quickly, please send in an uptodate copy of your Curriculum Vitae in a Word Document format to jayne.hoskinsberkeleyscott.co.uk or call **** **** **** Due to high responses, only successful candidates will be contacted. Berkeley Scott is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/DeputyManagerAmusementsCarlisleUpto****k_job****