Title: Restaurant Assistant Manager
Webindex: 70734336
Company: Yo! Sushi
Description: ****k Depending on experience Benefits  Bonus Looking for a rewarding CHALLENGE?Do you enjoy working in a FASTPACED, FUN, TEAM CUSTOMERFOCUSED ENVIRONMENT? At YO Sushi, we pride ourselves on our brand and our unique customer experience. If you love working in restaurants, have excellent communication skills, love life to the full and are looking for a structured career, YO Sushi could be the place for you. The Perfect Assistant Manager: We’re looking for a handson, Passionate and energetic, selfmotivated Assistant Manager with the ability to respond quickly to daily business requirements. Someone who thrives on leading by example and developing their team to do the same. Working under the guidance of the General Manager to set the standards and grow the business delivering the perfect shift. A forwardthinking future leader who likes more than just fresh fish The Assistant Manager Role: •The Assistant Manager (AM) will report directly to the General Manager and be ultimately responsible in the General Managers absence. •Setting the standards  Motivating and leading your Team, guiding them in efficiently operating their departments ensuring your restaurant is set to the highest standards every shift maintaining the goals setby your General Manager. •Food Quality – having a great working knowledge and understanding of the kitchen including product knowledge. •Customer Service –delivering superior customer service and experience in all aspects of guest interaction. •Profitability – understanding reports regarding costs, controls and expenditure alongside actively growing sales. Delivering and maintaining key performance indictors within the business. •Performance of your Team – ensure all team members reach their full potential through ongoing evaluation, listening, coaching and training. •Knowledge of and Adherence to all YO Sushi Company Policies and Procedures – ensuring all your team have been trained and follow YO Sushi procedures and policies. To apply you will have: •A number of years previous experience working in a supervisory or management position within the catering and hospitality industry. •Proven leadership expertise excellent problem solving skills with the ability to think on your feet and work well under pressure. •An understanding in dealing with budgets, labour controls and forecasting. An understanding of key performance indicators and how to manage these within the business. Ability to accurately report to your Operations Manager on a regular basis. •Fantastic communication skills with the ability to effectively coach and develop your Team. •Good working knowledge of MS Word and MS Excel •Drive and Ambition to grow sales with the help of your Team •Must have permission to work within the United Kingdom If this sounds like you and you want to be part of something different and work in a friendly creative environment, we would definitely like to hear from you. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/RestaurantAssistantManager_job****