Title: Food & Beverage Supervisor
Webindex: 70143892
Company: The Doyle Collection
Description: The Doyle Collection At The Doyle Collection we are leaders in development and setting standards of excellence in the luxury hotel sector, one of the world’s most dynamic and successful industries. A select group of urban havens in six major cities throughout Ireland, the UK and the USA, The Doyle Collection employs over one thousand of the most skilled, professional and dedicated people that the industry has to offer. Our hotels inhabit the most fashionable quarters of the most soughtafter cities, and each one is a unique reflection of its setting, providing business and leisure travellers with a truly memorable luxury experience. The Marylebone Hotel now has an excellent opportunity available for a Food Beverage Supervisor to join our food and beverage department. Purpose: You will assist the department manager with the effective and professional management of the team and with creating a positive working environment for all Food Beverage Assistants by facilitating open communication and demonstrating an unerring commitment to the hotel and to guests. Key Responsibilities:  Supervise and coordinate the daily activities within the food and beverage outlets to provide an efficient and superior guest service.  Ensure smooth running of the food and beverage Outlets.  Supervise the activities of all Food and Beverage Assistants ensuring all team members are aware of their responsibilities and are performing all duties to a consistently high standard.  Assist with the preparation of weekly rotas and ensure a balance of duties within the team.  Greet guests, escort them to the tables, provide and explain the menus.  Ensure that all guests are greeted in a warm and courteous fashion and tended to in a professional manner by every team member.  To always be familiar with product offering (i.e. the menu, specials and ingredients, beverages on offer, wine list, etc)  Familarise yourself and the F B team with sales and promotional activity and upsell at every possible opportunity.  Ensure that all Food and Beverage products are served efficiently and in accordance with the Company standard of presentation.  Ensure the restaurant, bar and all Food Beverage outlets are properly prepared and setup prior to and after service.  Carry out cash handling procedures in accordance with Company policy.  Assist with Stock Control. The ideal candidate for this position:  Must have previous supervisory experience  Must be selfmotivated and selfconfident in all aspects of guest relations  Must have the ability to prioritize and delegate work whilst also providing training and support to colleagues and team members  Must be courteous and focused on providing a consistently high standard of customer service  Must be standards driven and detailorientated  Must have the ability to multitask in fastpaced environment  Must be flexible with regards to hours  Must have a very good command of the English Language  Must have excellent selfpresentation Benefits package: Competitive salary Meals on Duty Provision and laundry of uniform Employee Discounts Educational Support Employee Recognition Awards The Doyle Collection is an equal opportunities employer. We do not require the assistance of recruitment agencies at this time. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/FoodBeverageSupervisor_job****