Title: Operations Manager  Blackpool Airport
Webindex: 71148656
Company: Whitbread
Description: Job Description Operations Manager  Premier Inn We re looking for customercentric leaders who put the customer at the heart of everything we do. We need leaders who have experience of motivating and inspiring teams: people who are ready for their next move. So, if you want to share in a future that s looking very bright, it s time to Get On and join the **** strong team who eat, sleep and drink hospitality. The Brand: Premier Inn, the UK s largest hotel chain has had a record year, through our impressive expansion programme we now have over **** hotels in the UK. As prospects for the value hotel sector are so promising, the brand s expansion will continue to impress as we move into overseas markets. We opened our first international hotel in India last year and now have **** hotels in Dubai with more to follow in Abu Dhabi. What We Will Be Looking For In You: As Operations Manager it is critical that you have the flexibility and willingness to get involved in the business at key times. With intense levels of energy and drive you will have the ability to work under pressure and multitask. You will be required to have a sound understanding of revenue, with a strong business acumen and robust analytical capability. You will need to have the ability to lead and inspire a team. • A relentless drive to have a broad impact rather than just deliver results, with preparation to question and challenge the status quo, and the self assurance that enables goals to be achieved. • The ability to spot issues and opportunities before others, and use robust analytical rigour to frame situations, issues and opportunities in such a way that new perspectives can be found. • A good understanding of yourself and knowledge of how to influence the behaviours of others to achieve goals and get things done, gaining buyin from all audiences. Your Skills and Qualification Will Include: • Experience of working within a hotel or dual site operations t management level covering a broad range of departments • Accountability for managing departmental budgets • Able to demonstrate examples of people development • Recruitment and selection and employee relations knowledge • Health & safety, food safety, licensing laws and cash handling knowledge • Stock management and cost control and effective labour scheduling Your Main Responsibilities Will Include: • Recruit, train, motivate, manage and develop your team to maximise talent • Leads the operations in the absence of the General Manager • Work with management team to deliver business plan, budget and cost analysis • Leads a guest focussed sales strategy, knows local market place and delivers strong revenue streams • Maximises revenue and role models outstanding customer service • Sustains optimism and drive in the face of adversity