Title: Assistant Manager  Bourne End
Webindex: 69251620
Company: Village Pub Kitchen
Description: Working at a Village Pub Kitchen If you re looking for a workplace where you can thrive, the welcoming atmosphere of these beautifully restored village pubs will be just what you re looking for. Unique pubs at the heart of village life Welcoming, comfortable and often built around unique original features and a traditional fire, these uniquely styled pubs put you right at the heart of village life. You ll be serving quality real ales and seasonal dishes, learning how a modern dining experience combines with traditional values to make these pubs the pride of their communities. Welcome to Village Pub Kitchen Spade Oak The Village Pub Kitchen pub in Bourne End is special because it is a stunning pub situated down a country lane that opens up on the River Thames, between Marlow and Bourne End. Village Pub and Kitchen are unique pubs oozing with character. They offer a cosy bar and stylish restaurant for the discerning local guests. Whether it is a quiet gettogether or something a little more special, Village Pub and Kitchen provides the perfect atmosphere. A magnificent choice of real ales, premium wines and beautifully presented food ensures guests return again and again. What you ll do in this role As Assistant Manager here, you ll need the presence to impose your personality on an establishment that has a huge personality of its own. You ll have the charisma to inspire, lead and develop a large and talented team in a busy pub with lots going on. As Assistant Manager, you ll be ensuring that standards of food and service are consistently excellent You ll be responsible for training and inspiring a large team First and last impressions count and it ll be your job to ensure that our guests leave with the right one You ll be taking your first step on a management career ladder that s limited only by your ambition You ll be joining our awardwinning Assistant Manager Programme What will make you perfect for the job? Ideally, having been an Assistant Manager (or similar role) for at least **** year in a full service food led business A handson approach so you can really lead by example Having the personality and confidence to mix with a wide range of discerning guests An innovative approach to sales building and marketing Having a passion for food, premium wine and cask ales and being able to talk confidently and knowledgably to your guests and team Being able to intuitively provide the standards and atmosphere required, without needing a brand manual The ambition to be a great manager of the future Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. What we offer Contributory pension scheme Assistant Manager Bonus Scheme Earn up to **** per annum Private Healthcare Structured training programme 25 days holiday Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.