Title: Head Chef  Milton Keynes
Webindex: 66670080
Company: Browns
Description: Working at Browns The vacancies within our Restaurant Brasserie Bars offer the opportunity to prepare classic seasonal food or signature cocktails in one of our unique landmark buildings. If you think going out for a drink or meal should be something of an occasion, that s exactly what we ve built our brand around Classic food in stylish surroundings From a stunning Mayfair exgentlemen s club to the beautiful old city museum in Bristol, you ll struggle to find more distinctive workplaces. Popular with guests in towns cities across the country, our brand is a household name you ll be proud to be a part of. Browns in Milton Keynes, was brand new conversion and only opened a little over a year ago. The restaurant is situated in the HUB, which is located in the heart of the restaurant and retail area of Milton Keynes. We are proud to have retained members of the team who have been with Browns for up to twenty years. These people are key to having made Browns in Brighton the institution it is today. Having the ability and genuine interest in recognizing guests by name is one of our main focuses. Together with our consistently high standard of customer service and dedication to the continuing development of our team whether they have been with us for twenty years or six months. What you ll do in this role Of course, as Head Chef, you ll be responsible for creating the glorious food our customers come to Browns for. But can you create all those wonderful dishes in a highvolume, highpressure environment? As Head Chef, you ll have one eye on the orders from the tables out front and the other on the orders from your suppliers. If you can stand that sort of heat get into our kitchen As Head Chef, you ll ensure that every ingredient that comes into your kitchen and every dish that leaves it is perfection itself As Head Chef, you ll train, develop and grow a fantastic team to create the perfect blend You ll thrive in a pressurecooker, highvolume environment You ll ensure that all procedures are followed to the letter You ll maintain the highest standards even under the most severe pressure What will make you perfect for the job? Experience in a similar role in a highpressure, highvolume environment An allconsuming hunger and passion for great food Outstanding leadership qualities Commitment, drive, an obsessive attention to detail and the desire to instil these qualities in those around you Great communication skills A refusal to accept second best What we offer Highly competitive Head Chef s salary Attractive Head Chef bonus package up to ****k Opportunity to join a defined contribution pension scheme Many additional company benefits Excellent training and development programmes Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.