Title: Kitchen Manager / Chef (Pub Restaurant)
Webindex: 69206067
Company: EasyWebRecruitment.com
Description: Kitchen Manager / Chef (Pub & Restaurant) During their **** year history Wetherspoon has repeatedly led the way with groundbreaking initiatives, picking up hundreds of awards (covering all aspects of Pub life) and have grown from a handful of staff to over **** today. Wetherspoon have for the ninth consecutive year been named one of Britain?s Top 100 Employers , while their training team swept the board with three top awards at the BII NITAs ? the national training awards for the licensed retail industry, recognising excellence in training. Position: Kitchen Manager Location: Positions available in Weston Super Mare and Cardiff Salary: **** to **** plus up to 25% bonus potential ROLE: As an awardwinning pub company, Wetherspoon provide the very best customer experience, with superb quality, choice and value, in both food and drink and are looking to hire numerous Kitchen Managers / Chefs to work throughout their various establishments. As a Kitchen Manager / Chef you will prepare, cook and present food quickly and efficiently. You will ensure the smooth running of the kitchen at all times with the key aim of delivering food to customers within the 10 minute service aim. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Take full responsibility for the set up and effective operating of the kitchen at all times whilst maintaining exceptionally high standards. b) Ensure all Health and Safety and Kitchen paperwork is completed and filed in a timely and accurate manner. Monitor and manage all maintenance issues. c) Control all aspects of finance in the kitchen including sales, gross profit, stock control, core wages and controllable expenditure. d) Manage back of house and office systems where appropriate. Be responsible for accurate rota planning based on forecast sales and core wage budget e) Be aware of and adhere to licensing, data protection, Health and Safety at Work and COSHH legislation at all times. f) Manage stock orders to ensure full availability of the menu and all cleaning materials, crockery, cutlery, napkins etc are available at all times g) Manage all processes relating to deliveries including checking in the orders, storage, stock rotation, security, loss investigation and staff training. Manage all processes relating to stock management including timely stock counts, line checks and wastage reports. h) Manage the kitchen team including identifying and monitoring their training needs and taking an active role in their development. Manage the daytoday attendance of staff and conduct monthly staff meetings. i) Identify recruitment needs and take an active role in search and selection activities and the appointment of staff. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Previous experience working within a Kitchen Environment. b) Fixed place of residence and live within a reasonable travelling distance of the pub. c) Have excellent customer service skills and remain calm, patient and polite at all times. Be helpful and go out of your way to help customers. d) Always be a good team player and build and maintain good relationships with all members of the team. e) Willing to take on jobs to balance the workload of the team and able to communicate well with people of all levels. f) Be able to work independently and know when to escalate issues. If you would like to work for one of the leading Pub & Restaurant companies out there, and have previous Kitchen Management experience, along with drive, passion and enthusiasm to help Wetherspoon continue to be an awardwinning pub company then please apply online today. You may have experience of the following: Kitchen Manager, Head Chef, Caterer, Restaurant Manager, Executive Chef, Cook, Cookery, Catering Manager, SousChef, Hospitality, General Manager, Kitchen Assistant, Front of House, Food and Beverage Manager, COSSHH, Health & Safety, Pub Manager, etc This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK?s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.