Title: Assistant Manager **** ****k Guildford
Webindex: 69182417
Company: Blue Arrow   Guildford
Description: Our client a very busy & highly successful country pub and restaurant. Nestled in the idyllic Surrey countryside offering an inventive British menu using some of the best in fresh local & seasonal produce. ABOUT YOU We are looking for a passionate assistant manager with high standards and excellent people management skills. You will assist the general manager in the full day to day running of this high volume site, taking in excess of 1 million turnover per annum and managing a team of 20 staff. You role will include staff training, financial accountability, bookings, payroll and ensuring excellent standards of customer service are maintained at all times. We`re looking for someone with a real eye for detail and a passion for quality customer service. Taking time to treat each customer as an individual and building up relationships with locals and regulars is a very important part of the job. Ideally you will have proven success of managing a similar business or possibly a high volume premium restaurant background, with 23 years expereince and a passion for managing, developing and driving a large team of staff. You will also have had experience of front and back of house management including staff training, rotas, financial reporting, stock control and ordering.  The Package:  A salary package of between **** ****k & great tips (3k a year)  A career (not just a job) with the company who are a regional growing group of nonbranded and unthemed quality pubs run in an entrepreneurial style, catering for their local markets.  A real opportunity to have an impact on the site and company you work for and a great platform to becoming a General Manager.  A fun, challenging & stimulating place to work  Opportunity for personal development and to take part in many training opportunities. Blue Arrow is one of the UK`s largest recruitment businesses, dedicated to providing bespoke staffing solutions through a network of specialist branches and onsite locations. For over 50 years, our priority has been to work in partnership with our clients and candidates to secure longterm relationships. Blue Arrow provides an extended range of permanent and temporary recruitment services to a variety of public and private sector clients in the following areas:  Catering and Hospitality  Secretarial and Admin  Driving  Industrial and Manufacturing  Distribution and Warehousing