Title: DEPUTY MANAGER  BRANDED RESTAURANT CO  LIVERPOOL IMMEDIATE START
Webindex: 71661077
Company: PTHR International Restaurants & Bars
Description: Deputy Manager / Senior Deputy Manager Telephone interviews now being done  Apply now Deputy Manager / Senior Deputy Manager  AWARD WINNING RESTAURANT BAR GROUP  Liverpool Deputy Manager Immediate telephone interview  Apply now Employer Details – The Lowdown: Award winning company with sites the length breadth of the UK. Investors in People Accredited, nationally recognized and renowned for training and able to provide careers from Junior Asst Manager to Operations Director level. Several different household restaurant brand names within their portfolio – most operating in the themed/branded restaurant sector. Deputy Manager/Assistant General Manager  Liverpool Role Description As Assistant General Manager of this Restaurant Bar you will be responsible for the day to day running of the operation. You will be responsible for leading, motivating and inspiring a large and well organised team. This is a busy operation  especially so at peak times and in your role as Assistant Manager you will be keen to lead from the front lending your experience and cocoordinating the front and back of house operations. Deputy Manager/ Assistant General Manager  Liverpool Required Experience As Deputy Manager you will ideally be from a branded – Restaurant Bar background You will be fully acquainted in health and safety legislation and be a systems and standards guru. You will have a passion for getting things done. You’re ambitious and would like to see yourself climbing the ladder within a company that recognises people as their greatest asset. You’re a Manager who enjoys the buzz of running shifts and love spending time setting and reviewing goals for your staff and supervisors. Above all you are sales hungry  you just love the thrill of running those reports at the end of a busy night to see how much you’ve done. An Assistant Manager who thrives on sales and marketing activities  indeed you have written a few marketing plans in the past, which have worked out really well This Assistant Manager position is a spotlight role  where hard work and tenacity will not go unnoticed. Deputy Manager/ Assistant General Manager Liverpool Remuneration **** per annum  Bonus Deputy Manager/ Assistant General Manager  Liverpool Eligibility You must be eligible to live and work in the UK. www.thepeopletree.co.uk for more info on who we are what we do Here at the People Tree we are not interested in wasting anyone’s time so we will only contact those candidates that we think are suitable for this role This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DEPUTYMANAGERBRANDEDRESTAURANTCOLIVERPOOLIMMEDIATESTART_job****