Title: Experienced Chef  seasonal garden & tearoom
Webindex: 71741295
Company: Reed Hospitality & Leisure
Description: Chef  full time Busy seasonal tearoom Historic country estate gardens My client oversees some of the UK’s most historic houses, gardens and estates, with locations across the country. This location is a spectacular mansion surrounded by gardens, park and farmland, and is one of the last surviving country estates in London. The tearoom itself seats **** inside with additional outside seating in the summer months. We are now looking for an experienced Chef to join this team. The focus of the role is menu development and delivery – planning and producing the quality local, seasonal dishes served in the tearoom on a daily basis in a cost effective and timely manner. Hours will vary throughout the year dependent on the season and you will need to be flexible as some weekends and bank holidays will be required. Responsibilities: • With the Catering Manager, take a lead on creatively approaching menu development, creating links with property events and themes, using local suppliers, traditional recipes and seasonal ingredients. • In conjunction with the Catering Manager, ensure that the menus adhere to the financial systems, maximising profit, minimising wastage and contribute towards property targets for income. • Prepare dishes using fresh ingredients to standard recipes, ensuring food is produced and presented to a consistently high standard. • Assist in the development of the department through taking part in and assisting with staff training and team meetings. • Ensure that accurate records are kept and maintained to ensure compliance with Food Safety and Health and Safety regulations. • Take reasonable care for the health and safety of themselves and of others who may be affected by their acts or omissions at work. Knowledge / experience required: Essential • Holds level 2 Food Hygiene certificate • Basic understanding of H S / Food safety regulations / procedures and working practices (COSHH, risk assessments, manual handling etc.,) • Sound knowledge of menu costing Desirable • Holds a Level 3 Food Hygiene certificate • HND/NVQ in Food preparation and Cookery • Experience of using stock management systems If you enjoy the buzz of working in a lively, closeknit kitchen with talented people, please attach an uptodate CV to your application. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ExperiencedChefseasonalgardentearoom_job****