Title: Hotel Reservations Coordinator
Webindex: 68234379
Company: Personnel Selection
Description: Our client a beautiful Hotel in Guildford, Surrey is currently looking for a Reservations Coordinator. As the Hotel Reservations Coordinator you will be required to maximise transient business for the Hotel at the highest achievable rate, best possible occupancy whilst working within the guidelines of the pricing structure and maintaining our exclusive, focused environment, providing customers with a comprehensive service, to ensure the needs of the client are clearly established and that they are responded to quickly and accurately, manage the GDS and other Internet Distribution System’s (IDS’s) for the Hotel to ensure we are consistently positioned on the front page of all searches showing accurate availability and pricing, contribute and deliver on the marketing plan for the transient market, producing promotions and offer, to help maximise the efficiency of the venue in reservations booking and delivery. Your main responsibilities will include: Checking availability and deciding whether it is the right piece of business at the right time and the right price. Initial response to enquiries within one hour. • Explore all upselling opportunities throughout the sales process. • Manage a waitlist so that no opportunities are lost. • Liaise with the sales manager on any new business opportunities, or major clients booking at the property for the first time. • Monitor the local market, watching competitors and advising on new transient programmes and packages being offered. • To provide comprehensive correspondence and confirmation to customers on their reservation. • After sales care including follow up calls to identify further sales opportunities. • Review and analyse web sites in line with the Hotels agreed strategy. • Weekly yielding of transient selling prices and promotions through web sites and GDS controls. • Enter all booking and client information accurately into relevant computer systems. • Actively look for ways to increase business by various pro activity tasks set by the Sales Manager • Promote and uphold the company values. As the Hotel Reservations Coordinator you must have previous Hotel Reservation or Hotel Sales/Revenue experience. You must also be computer literate, well spoken, extremely well presented, a team player and have excellent customer service skills. In return the company offers a good salary and excellent benefits including Contributory pension scheme, Health plan, Life assurance and Family Friends Discount. This is a live out position and you MUST have your own transport. The company would also consider someone on a part time basis if you have the experience and skills required. This really is an excellent company to work for with a lovely working environment so if you have the skills and experience for this Reservations role please apply now www.personnelselection.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/HotelReservationsCoordinator_job****