Title: Assistant Shop Managers / Assistant Store Managers
Webindex: 69218839
Company: Fixed Recruitment Ltd
Description: Assistant Store Managers / Shop Managers Wanted: Our client has big plans for the future and big opportunities available today. Of course, we all know that these are difficult times, but our client has continued to grow. How? They put it down to their famous offering, loyal customers and excellent people  together, the perfect recipe for success. That recipe has helped our client become the country's leading retail baker Due to this success they are looking for Assistant Managers to join their stores in the following locations: Central London, Staines, Woolwich, Elephant and Castle, Richmond, Elm Park, Camden, New Addington, Bermondsey The Role Our clients customers love visiting us and not just because of the quality of the food. It's the warm, happy, professional people, the atmosphere, the way the place looks and the efficiency of the service. You'll find this is management at its most practical  you'll need to roll your sleeves up, get involved in food preparation and make sure the shop is clean, hygienic and welcoming. It's also about inspiring the team around you; ensuring they're happy, motivated, working side by side them to make, bake and serve the most delicious sandwiches, savouries and snacks around. Responsibilities  As Assistant Manager You will guide and develop your team to serve the best in food and drinks and as Assistant Manager, stock control and daytoday management will also be part of your remit.  Your skills will be invaluable to your Store Manager; a strong focus on sales will help them to grow the business, while your experience ideally from a hospitality or retail background  will help to recruit the right people forthe team.  As Assistant Manager you will drive sales and create a lasting impression on our customers through your commitment to exceed expectations on all levels.  Driving and owning sales growth  The Assistant Manager will be running shifts, cashing up, and leading the whole team when the Manager is out of the shop. The Ideal Candidate  As Assistant Manager you will have an infectious enthusiasm that will really motivate the team.  As Assistant Manager you will be the vital link between your manager and the team, so you will need excellent people skills and supervisory experience in a customer service environment.  Basic numeracy and computer skills are a must.  Fantastic retail management experience  Commercial decision making success  Ideally you will already be an Assistant Manager role or higher, ideally in the Food Retail industry. In return our client will offer you a great salary plus commission and company benefits that include:  22 days holiday, plus statutory holidays, increasing with service  Up to 50% staff discount  Profit Share  Share Save and Share Incentive Plan Schemes  Pension Scheme and Life Assurance after qualifying period  An Employee Assistance Programme  Lots of incentives  from Shop of the Year to quarterly targets and awards dinners, we're big fans of competitions (and the prizes at the end of them).  Lots of social activities, like our Long Service Award Evenings or our Annual Dinner Dance, that give us the chance to get together outside of work. If this is you then you're just who we need to help our client go from strength to strength Apply below today for the chance to join a great company that offers real job security and Job satisfaction