Title: Front of House Supervisor  National Trust Sheffield Park & Garden
Webindex: 72564428
Company: National Trust
Description: About the role We served more than 11 million customers last year, from more than **** restaurants and cafes in England, Wales and Northern Ireland. That’s a lot of empty plates and happy faces. Which takes a lot of logistical doing and a fantastic team effort. Leading our talented, enthusiastic catering team, where everyone shares your passion for great catering experiences, you’ll delight customers with great food and brilliant service. You’ll assist in managing the front of house team, making sure that every plate of food is beautifully presented and delivered. We appreciate that you have a life outside of work, so we don’t ask you to work split shifts or evenings. This means that as well as enjoying a rewarding job, you’ll have an altogether better worklife balance. Everyone’s happy. We’re big on training and career development too. If you want to develop your skills, we’ll give you all the help you need, including support to gain professional qualifications, if that’s what you want to do. It’s about more than just going the extra mile but really believing in it. Every day, everything that you do will help to wow your colleagues and create a truly unforgettable experience for our visitors. In this role, you’ll work regular weekends and bank holidays. About you If anyone loves good food as much as we do, it’s you. You’ll already have some catering experience, and you’ll be used to overseeing catering colleagues. We’d also like you to have ideally a Level 2 Food Hygiene Certificate and catering experience as well as a good Health Safety awareness. Due to the rural location of the property and minimal public transport links, you should have access to your own transport. Incredibly rewarding From amazing places to helpful colleagues to great benefits, we want work to be a pleasure. As well as giving you free admission to all our incredible places (that’s you and your family), you’ll enjoy a helpful 20% off at our shops, cafes and restaurants, 25 days’ holiday (pro rata for parttime), pension scheme and flexible working. There’s also MY Discounts, a brilliant scheme that gives you exclusive discounts with hundreds of retailers and big brands. But they’re just the benefits we can tell you about here. About us We love great food here at the National Trust. You’ll see it in the produce we grow. In the fresh, local, seasonal ingredients we use. In the smiles on our faces – not to mention the special places we work in, places like Sheffield Park Garden. Apply Treat yourself to a better job. To apply, please visit nationaltrustjobs.org.uk and search using reference IRC****