Title: Assistant Manager  The Applecart  Table Table  Oxford
Webindex: 67772938
Company: Whitbread
Description: Job Description Assistant Manager – Table Table We're looking for customercentric leaders who put the customer at the heart of everything we do. We need leaders who have experience of motivating and inspiring teams: people who are ready for their next move. So, if you want to share in a future that's looking very bright, it's time to Get On and join the **** strong team who eat, sleep and drink hospitality. Who Are We? Our brands are household names and it’s our people who keep them that way. We are always looking for people who embody the Whitbread Way Forward values  genuine, confident and committed  we offer great training, development opportunities and benefits to ensure they stay engaged and motivated. There’s a real buzz around Whitbread right now. We're bucking the trend and proving that in these times of 'austerity' our great value brands, Beefeater Grill, Brewers Fayre, Premier Inn, Table Table and Taybarns, are ones to watch. Hospitality’s leading name is pushing forwards with expansion plans for all of our brands at an unprecedented rate, creating career opportunities all over the country. That means our career opportunities come with massive potential. Not only can you progress quickly within our business, you will have the opportunity to develop an enviable career profile. This is your chance to join a thriving business that offer superb career development potential through our internal development programmes  Shooting Stars, and some very generous rewards. The Brand: Great pub food in a place you’ll love There’s nothing better than delicious pub food, and we make it just the way you love it. Launched in **** Table Table currently has 112 sites nationally with more sites set to open over the coming months. Table Table offers different styles of dining spaces, so our customers can choose the one that matches their mood or the occasion. Working for Table Table isn’t just a job; it’s an informal culture – practical and handson. To most, it’s a social life – it’s about bringing your personality to work with you. Here at Table Table we’ve worked extremely hard to ensure that all of our restaurants have the same high standards of service, food and drink – while also making sure each one is unique and individual. It’s this combination that makes every trip to one that little bit special. What We Will Be Looking For In You: As Assistant Manager it is critical that you have the flexibility and willingness to get involved in the business at key times. It is essential to have the ability to engage with and motivate others to deliver a high level of results. To apply and demonstrate a confidence in both business acumen and sales activity. • A relentless drive to have a broad impact rather than just deliver results, with preparation to question and challenge the status quo, and the self assurance that enables goals to be achieved. • The ability to spot issues and opportunities before others, and use robust analytical rigour to frame situations, issues and opportunities in such a way that new perspectives can be found. • A good understanding of yourself and knowledge of how to influence the behaviours of others to achieve goals and get things done, gaining buyin from all audiences. Your Skills and Qualification Will Include: • BTEC, NVQ Level 3 or equivalent is considered to be valuable. • Experience of working within a hotel or restaurant operation at a Team Leader or management level. • Recruitment and selection and employee relations knowledge • Health safety, food safety, licensing laws and cash handling knowledge. • Experience with P L, stock management and cost control. • Effective labour scheduling and processing of payroll. • Knowledge of financial reporting systems, finance policy and procedure. • Understanding of dynamic pricing and application of revenue management. Your Main Responsibilities Will Include: • Recruit, train, motivate, manage and develop your team to maximise talent. • Works closely with General Manager to drive a guest focussed sales strategy, knows local market place and delivers strong revenue streams turning sales into profit. • Passionate and enthused. Uses this to engage others through positive emotional energy. • An impactful communicator who is able to assert and challenge in a confident way. • Strive to run a perfect guest focussed shift on every session. • Has a visible passion and empathy for our product and won’t rest until the perfect product is produced whether it be food or drink or a great nights sleep. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerTheApplecartTableTableOxford_job****