Title: Assistant Manager Stylish Bar/Restaurant Group New Opening Leicester
Webindex: 71528221
Company: PTHR International Restaurants & Bars
Description: Are you an Assistant Manager or Senior Assistant Manager looking for something New?? Fresh food, ultra stylish interiors, big numbers lots of career progression are on offer for Leicester's biggest opening of 2013 Telephone interviews now being done  Apply now Assistant Manager / Senior Assistant Manager Employer Details – Assistant Manager The Lowdown This opening is destined to be one of Leicesters biggest. A bar grill operation – which will be home to some of Leicester ’s best made cocktails the venue will be packed both lunch evening.The concept will be visited by some of London ’s top critics all the major review websites. The venue is a **** cover restaurant which serves up fantastic grills part bar operation which is famed for its dcor, vibe and award winning cocktails.The group is very established the volumes will be huge Role Description As Assistant Manager of this Restaurant Bar you will be responsible for the day to day running of the operation. You will be responsible for leading, motivating and inspiring a large and well organised team. This is a busy operation  especially so at peak times and in your role as Assistant Manager you will be keen to lead from the front lending your experience and cocoordinating the front and back of house operations. Required Experience As Assistant Manager you will ideally be from a branded – Restaurant Bar background You will be fully acquainted in health and safety legislation and be a systems and standards guru. You will have a passion for getting things done. You’re ambitious and would like to see yourself climbing the ladder within a company that recognises people as their greatest asset. You’re a Manager who enjoys the buzz of running shifts and love spending time setting and reviewing goals for your staff and supervisors. Above all you are sales hungry  you just love the thrill of running those reports at the end of a busy night to see how much you’ve done. An Assistant Manager who thrives on sales and marketing activities  indeed you have written a few marketing plans in the past, which have worked out really well This Assistant Manager position is a spotlight role  where hard work and tenacity will not go unnoticed. Remuneration ****  **** per annum Eligibility You must be eligible to live and work in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerStylishBarRestaurantGroupNewOpeningLeicester_job****