Title: Chef De Partie, Cambridge Centre, Fresh Modern Food ****
Webindex: 65134317
Company: Clear Selection
Description: Chef De Partie, Cambridge Centre, Fresh Modern Food 18000 My client is seeking an enthusiastic Chef De Partie who is looking to join a passionate and professional team of Chefs producing high quality food working on seasonal dishes and menus. Great opportunity for a Chef De Partie who is keen to press forward and learn modern methods and techniques so they are able to promote on to senior roles. Ideally located within the centre of Cambridge to join a small team of **** and to help devise new dishes for the menus and work together to maintain there fantastic award winning reputation. This is a chance for a Chef De Partie to work with a dedicated team of Chefs who are about delivering quality in each and every dish. The successful Chef De Partie will need to be NVQ qualified and be consistent and confident in their sections. If you are a Chef De Partie who is looking to work with rosettes and is looking for their chance to continue to develop, my client has the opportunity you are looking for. My client is a buoyant and financially stable company that can offer the successful Chef De Partie job security, job satisfaction and a friendly and professional environment. If you are a Chef De Partie who likes the sound of my client, for more information simply call Chris on **** **** please also forward CV and details Salary 18000 Cambridge Centre Fresh Exciting Food Ref ****CW Consultant  Chris Wilson We are honest, fast paced and truly passionate about Recruitment. Our Consultants are all highly valued by us and love their work. We look after our clients and really get to know them. If we talk to a client about you then it s very likely they will interview you. It s simple  we want great candidates for amazing jobs  nothing in between. So why not make contact, maybe take a job search at www.clearselection.co.uk and reap the benefits of working alongside us. Clear Selection Recruitment is part of the Clear Selection Group