Title: Assistant Manager  Branded Restaurants
Webindex: 72229736
Company: Xpress Recruitment.
Description: The Place: Our client is a modern, vibrant and unique restaurant concept who is continuing its exciting expansion plans across Scotland by opening a number of new sites in city centre locations across Scotland. They can currently provide excellent career opportunities for a dedicated and professional Assistant Manager in their Stirling Restaurants. The Job: As Assistant Manager you will be responsible for the delivery of a world class customer experience through effectively leading, motivating and coaching a team of 20 staff across all areas of this restaurant business. You will have full responsibility for stock / cash control, local marketing and promotion along with the remit to maximize sales and service levels. This is a handson, customer facing role that will include running shifts in front and back of house areas within this branded / theme restaurant. The Person: As Assistant Manager you will need to be passionate about restaurants, good food and great service. You`ll be a marketeer, a team leader; an extrovert and most of all have the entrepreneurial skills to make the business a real success story. Preferably with a senior supervisory or Assistant Manager background in volume and quality led branded / themed restaurants or food led bar operations is a must as is a genuine passion for the industry that shines through in your personality and attitude at work. The Rewards: For Deputy Restaurant Manager, a salary of **** to ****  great bonus, genuine career opportunities and fun working environment is available for the right candidate Xpress Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. All candidates registering with Xpress Recruitment will need to provide proof of identity, eligibility to work in UK and any relevant qualifications and references This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerBrandedRestaurants_job****