Title: General Manager  Catering
Webindex: 70486923
Company: OCS Group UK Ltd
Description: General Manager  Catering Services The OCS Group is one of the UK s leading providers of facilities management and property support services. We have been at the forefront of developing integrated Facilities Management, becoming a seamless extension of our clients businesses by delivering best in class services. How have we achieved such success? It is through our dedicated teams of industry experts who work in partnership with our clients to deliver innovative FM solutions. Our ongoing success means that we are looking to add to our team with the appointment of a General Manager to control the delivery of Catering services at the prestigious Jaguar Landover Headquarters in Gaydon, Warwickshire. You ll provide the focus, direction and leadership required to ensure that the catering services meet and exceed the expectations of our client and in turn that the contract delivers against financial targets in a sustainable manner. Main Duties As General Manager you will: Manage the delivery of catering services to provide consistently high levels of performance and, where required, take personal (handson) responsibility for key client relationships, contract performance, retention and growth. Actively develop food sales within the group on an ongoing basis ensuring that menu planning, marketing regimes, and utilisation of new supplier concepts are fully implemented Manage commercial areas of the contract, including retail outlets, vending departments and restaurants, to offer continuous innovation and flair in line with market trends and developments. Ensure that catering services provide appetising, nutritionally balanced food which reflects the dietary requirements of customers. Ensure 100% compliance with hygiene standards and quality standards throughout all services. Play a key role in the management of the P s and KPI s. Manage staff throughout your contracts to ensure a well trained, highly motivated workforce, with a firm focus on staff development and succession planning. Take a proactive role in the management and review of safe working practices on the contract. Work in partnership with the Client to provide innovative catering solutions and the continuous improvement of services. Maintain a focus on developing opportunities for growth with the contract, working alongside Business Development to convert opportunities to orders. This is an excellent opportunity to join a market leading team in which you will be the key interface between OCS and our client. You will already be a successful catering Contract, Support or General Manager, with a strong track record of delivering contract catering services in a challenging, high profile environment, and to succeed in this role you will also need: Experience of managing a commercial catering contract of at least 1M annual value. A demonstrable record of delivering service excellence in conjunction with business growth and commercial success. Dedication to delivering the highest levels of customer service. Relevant professional qualifications / memberhships. To live, or be relocating to, within one hour s travel of the client s site.