Title: Team Member  YHA (England Wales)  Cambridge
Webindex: 72116440
Company: Youth Hostel Association
Description: Position Description Team Member  YHA Cambridge  Live Out  Temporary  Zero Hours Start Date: 1st March 2013 Finish Date: 31st August 2013 Closing Date: 29th January 2013 We are looking for a talented individual to make our Hostel a special place for our guests to feel welcome. Whether their day has been spent exploring, cycling, walking or a group of school children have been on an adventure of discovery, our people are always on hand to make their stay one to remember. What is life like as a Team Member with YHA? Quite simply, fun and diverse No two days are ever the same at YHA but typical day includes:  Checking guests in and out  Promoting YHA and generating sales leads  Catering support  Housekeeping  including toilet cleaning If you re looking for an exciting challenge outside the standard ninetofive, then working for YHA could be the job for you. Required Experience It s not about where you ve been but where you re going. We do not require specific experience however you must be able to demonstrate the Spirit of YHA:  Sustainability  Positively caring about your working environment and taking actions to protect it  Passion  To be bold and proud of working for YHA and delivering our Charitable Objective  Innovation  Always looking for ways to improve  Responsibility  Taking ownership of your development and performing to the best of your ability  Inclusivity  Encouraging participation from all  Trust  Being reliable, resourceful and trustworthy with everyone you meet Salary & Benefits Our award winning benefits package includes:  29 Days Holiday  Free Simply Health Cash Plan  Exclusive Retail Discounts  Free YHA Membership  Free Hostel Stays Employer Description YHA is a charity with a clear mission: to inspire all, especially young people to broaden their horizons gaining knowledge and independence through new experiences of adventure and discovery. We have a network of diverse hostels throughout England and Wales  often situated in exceptional locations. These welcoming and sociable spaces are open to everyone. We have strong beliefs and a passion for what we do. By encouraging a spirit of adventure, we aim to inspire people of all ages to discover the world around us. Site Description YHA Cambridge is a busy international hostel is just minutes from the railway station and **** minutes walk from the city centre. The Victorian townhouse makes a great base for a city break where our guests can relax by the river and visit colleges, museums and art galleries galore