Title: General Manager  Carluccio's  London
Webindex: 67392363
Company: Carluccio s
Description: NEW GENERAL MANAGER POSITION We currently have exciting opportunities at our restaurants in London for the role of General Manager. Interested? Read on for further details and to apply for the position, we would love to hear from you. In our Carluccio s restaurants you will find an authentically Italian experience, offering freshly prepared high quality products at an incredible value. Our service is friendly, informal and efficient. We try to consistently make our customer s experience special, whether they come in for a quick espresso or four course meal. Carluccio s is still growing slowly with approximately **** restaurants opening a year, which means that there is always going to be room for progression for those who are looking for a career within a company that is expanding throughout the UK. As a Carluccio s General Manager you will see the results of your hard work every day. Experience is essential, as you will be expected to Be fully accountable for the running of the business Grow sales to the maximum Deliver the best results by drawing on your commercial acumen Inspire your team to perform to their very best Run the restaurants with flair using your knowledge and skills Build rapport with your team, our suppliers, your customers and the local community Strive to provide the best customer experience Work closely with the Operations Manager Qualities we are looking for Have previous management experience, preferably in a high volume environment, with the ability to motivate and develop large teams of people Welcome a challenge and thrive under pressure Be a strong leader, leading from the front, and be highly flexible, as no two days are the same Have vision and focus to achieve your goals Have drive and be self motivated Have a sense of ownership and accountability whilst being commercially aware Be focused on ensuring successful delivery of the Carluccio s brand standards As a Manager with Carluccio s we provide exceptional training and development, whilst rewarding you for your hard work with taxi allowances, trips to Italy, a generous management discount and a management bonus of up to **** We believe in developing people to the very best of their ability. The Management training is exceptional, thorough and challenging, sometimes tough but always a lot of fun. It is based on a handson approach in order to gain experience of every aspect of running a high volume restaurant, from preparing coffee, to running a successful shift, to making Foccacia bread It also helps our Managers to acquire exceptional knowledge of Italy and Italian food. Take a look at our website www.carluccios.com to learn more about us. All candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this position.