Title: Conference & Events Operations Supervisor
Webindex: 69181977
Company: QHotels
Description: Where you ll be working Set in **** acres of Hampshire Parkland, our hotel is a fantastic place to be as a guest or an employee We have the superb Scene Restaurant can do attitude. Everyone gets stuck in to whatever needs doing  so admin and housekeeping staff often help to serve meals when we re busy. That s because we ve a focus on delivering outstanding customer service to continue to grow our hotel s reputation. In return for their commitment, we organise plenty of events and parties for our people, who will all make you welcome from day one. What you ll be doing Events is the biggest part of our business, and is really what we are all about at QHotels. By joining us as Events Supervisor you ll be making a really fantastic contribution to our business. We need an operations supervisor to support the events operations management to inspire and motivate the team, to have a sixth sense about what will work, and be able to detect pitfalls and problems a mile off and make sure they are resolved as if by magic We re passionate about making every event extra special, from a spectacular wedding to a small family gathering, a corporate event with the wow factor to a meticulously arranged VIP conference. It s up to us to make it happen on the day so that our customers have a simply perfect event that is truly a one of a kind Please note that this role is operational in nature, with responsibility for room setups and servicing, ensuring refreshment stations are managed and maintained thoughout the day and that banqueting staff deliver the event as the guest booked. This position does not plan, book or coordinate the preparation and sales elements, which are carried out by our Events Office. What you ll need To have a great personality and be genuine, approachable, attentive and instinctive You ll enjoy the buzz of being busy To be smart and well presented Good standard of literacy and numeracy Excellent level of spoken and written English To be able to cope with the physical demands of regular fetching, carrying, and meeting room set ups A proven track record in a similar role within hotels or conference centres. Strong training and development skills. A desire to be the best with high standards A can do attitude where the customer is king and nothing is too much trouble What you ll get A refreshingly different work experience with a business that will value your individuality and inspire you to achieve your potential, through great training and development  we re proud to have achieved Best Places to Work in Hospitality Excellence in Training Award Last but not least a competitive salary and the following benefits Free meal on duty Discount entitlement Use of leisure club Free parking Uniform provided