Title: Deputy Manager  Duke of York, Food Led Pub Barnet EN**** ****SG
Webindex: 70383547
Company: Brunning and Price
Description: The Duke of York has recently undergone a comprehensive renovation with the aim of rediscovering the traditional country inn feel of the building. We've reinstated the bar at the heart of the pub, and you'll find good old furniture, wooden floorboards, lots of prints, old photographs, rugs and books, and two open fires to bring it back to its roots as a classic pub restaurant. We've softened the outside areas of the pub with lawns and flower beds, and our lovely secluded gardens are a real suntrap. Our menu has a spine of freshly prepared, classic British dishes, complemented by more exotic influences from other parts of the world: in other words, modern British cookery. Our passion lies in finding quality ingredients and preparing, cooking and presenting them in a modern but unpretentious way. We are looking for an experienced Deputy Manager with a big front of house character and good knowledge of food, wine and beer to help run the pub alongside the Manager. You will frequently work opposite shifts to the manager, and run the pub in the manager’s absence, so the skill sets needed are broadly the same. You won’t carry the full weight of responsibility for the wellbeing of the business, but you will be the manager’s righthand person, and will be a senior member of the management team, making decisions and directing things on a daily basis. You'll need to understand and love pubs, take real pleasure in making people happy and play a full role in keeping the business profitable, the crew happy and the customers coming back for more. Being a deputy manager is an ideal opportunity to gain knowledge and experience of every aspect of pub life. We see our deputy managers as our managers of the future, and try to promote from within whenever we can. Our rate of growth means that there are exciting opportunities springing up all the time, and you will be able to develop your career at a pace that is appropriate to you. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/DeputyManagerDukeofYorkFoodLedPubBarnetEN****SG_job****