Title: Deputy Head Housekeeper
Webindex: 71405987
Company: Firmdale
Description: Job Title: Deputy Head Housekeeper Employer Type: Hotel Annual Salary: ******** per annum Salary Description: Excellent Package Location: London About the Deputy Head Housekeeper Role We are currently recruiting for a Deputy Head Housekeeper to join our busy team in our newest hotel, the Dorset Square Hotel. You will be standards focused with an exceptional eye for detail and an integral understanding of luxury hotel accommodation. You may have worked previously as a Floor Supervisor or a Deputy Head Housekeeper in a Four or Five Star Hotel and are looking for progression and responsibility in your next role. You will deputise for the Head Housekeeper overseeing the day to day running of the department, guiding the floor supervisors and supporting the team. This is a hands on role so you will need to have had a great deal of operational housekeeping experience to be successful. You would need to be approachable, friendly and understanding of the daily needs of a busy housekeeping team, and able to multitask and deal with guest requests expediently. You will check standards and train others to ensure high levels of service are maintained and achieved daily, and therefore you must be able to motivate and encourage others to share your passion for achieving service excellence. This is an excellent opportunity to become part of an award winning team with a reputation for excellence throughout the industry. To be successful in your application for the position of Deputy Head Housekeeper, you must possess the following: Essential Previous experience as a Head Housekeeper, Deputy Head Housekeeper or Floor Supervisor A proven track record and background in **** and 5 properties Excellent customer service skills for guest interaction Willingness to carry out physical work Exceptional organisation skills Excellent personal presentation Ability to work as part of a team to ensure a productive environment Good command of the English language Superb attention to detail and understanding of a luxury brand The right to work in the United Kingdom Desirable Deputy Head Housekeeper Hours: As required (5 days out of 7, including weekends) Company Info Firmdale Hotels is an award winning hotel group. We have won the Queens Award for Excellence twice and most recently the Soho Hotel has won The Cateys Award for Hotel of the Year. Quality is what we are all about at Firmdale and that s from our individually designed bedrooms containing original pieces of artwork to the Egyptian cotton linen used in the restaurant. We believe that the customer truly comes first and that if we get the minor detail right then everything else will follow. Our culture suits down to earth, genuinely friendly, ambitious and hardworking people. If you want to be noticed and recognized for your individual contribution then this is the company for you. As a result of our success we are a rapidly expanding group and therefore are able to offer excellent career progression along with individually tailor made career development plans. The behaviours we value at Firmdale are; Positive can do attitude, Enthusiastic and passionate, Consistently professional, Friendly and Attentive, Interested and Driven and Genuine/Loyal/Honest The behaviours our managers will demonstrate are; Genuine care for their people, Customer focused, Involve people and Empower, Show consistent appreciation, Show real trust, Listen and Act, Give clear expectations, Encourage teamwork, Driven/Passionate and Ensure work is fun Benefits for working for Firmdale; Extensive training and development opportunities, Career planning and progression. Competitive salaries Free Dry Cleaning for uniforms and discounted dry cleaning for employees personal items Meals on duty Incremental Holiday starting at **** and going up a day each year to 25 days. Experience Vouchers (which are redeemable during your employment) Incentive Schemes; Departmental Incentive Schemes Recruitment Incentive Scheme Employee of the month/year awards Why should you choose Firmdale? At Firmdale we work towards the highest levels of guest satisfaction, as such you will be part of an award winning team who take service to another level. We are a market leader and a rapidly expanding Company that can offer fantastic career opportunities. To facilitate our expansion we