Title: Catering Manager  Wolverhampton
Webindex: 70143171
Company: Penny Cook Recruitment
Description: Catering Manager, Wolverhampton The Company The client is an established, nationwide, and widely recognised business operating a variety of cafes, coffee shops, and restaurants situated within thriving commerial operations. Serving all locally sourced fresh food with a big home baking offer they are now looking for a Catering Manager with strong cooking skills to oversee two cafes in the Wolverhampton area. A massive bonus is that you will not work any evenings at all and you will have regular weekends off. This is an immediate start position. We Are Looking For Successful individuals will be able to demonstrate the following: Catering/Chef Management experience gained from working in high volume commercial catering operations. The ability to manage both the kitchen and the cafe, so strong cooking skills are essential. Exceptional customer service skills. Strong financial acumen  managing P L accounts and all costs budgets. Bags of energy and enthusiasm. Passion for working with fresh food and quality coffee. Excellent people, manmanagement, communication, leadership, and organisational skills. A handson approach and keen eye for detail. A strong desire to have a good work to life balance. The Rewards ****  company benefits What Next? If you would like to apply for this opportunity simply send a copy of your CV to pennypennycookrecruitment.co.uk . Please note: You must be resident in the UK and eligible to work. Unfortunately, due to the high volume of responses to our advertisements we are only able to respond to successful applicants. If you have not had a response from us within **** working days please assume that your application has not been successful. Penny Cook Recruitment is an equal opportunities employer, a recruitment agency dedicated to recruitment in the Hospitality Industry. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/CateringManagerWolverhampton_job****