Title: General Manager  Stockport
Webindex: 69251611
Company: Village Pub Kitchen
Description: Working at a Village Pub Kitchen If you re looking for a workplace where you can thrive, the welcoming atmosphere of these beautifully restored village pubs will be just what you re looking for. Unique pubs at the heart of village life Welcoming, comfortable and often built around unique original features and a traditional fire, these uniquely styled pubs put you right at the heart of village life. You ll be serving quality real ales and seasonal dishes, learning how a modern dining experience combines with traditional values to make these pubs the pride of their communities. Welcome to Village Pub Kitchen The Midland Hotel The Midland is a bobby dazzler of a local pub restaurant  if do we say so ourselves  famous for its freshly cooked food, corking wines and caskales and buzzing bar. The open fire keeps the place cosy in the cold months, while in the summer we crack open our balcony doors, so our guests can dine in style overlooking the river Goyt. Village Pub and Kitchen are unique pubs oozing with character. They offer a cosy bar and stylish restaurant for the discerning local guests. Whether it is a quiet gettogether or something a little more special, Village Pub and Kitchen provides the perfect atmosphere. A magnificent choice of real ales, premium wines and beautifully presented food ensures guests return again and again. What you ll do in this role As General Manager here, you ll need the presence to impose your personality on an establishment that has a huge personality of its own. As a General Manager, you ll have the charisma to inspire, lead and develop a large and talented team in a busy pub with lots going on. What will make you perfect for the job? General Manager experience of managing a high volume, full service business Being able to recruit, develop and retain a large team of talented individuals Having the personality and confidence to mix with a wide range of discerning guests Being a prominent member of the local community and holding regular events to support the village e.g. charity events, meetings, parties, events An innovative approach to sales building and marketing getting your business known as the best pub in the area Having a passion for food, premium wine and cask ales and being able to talk confidently and knowledgably to your guests and team Being able to intuitively provide the standards and atmosphere required, without needing a brand manual Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. What we offer Attractive salary Generous bonus scheme earn up to 100% of your salary General Manager benefits package A commitment to a quality training programme The potential to enjoy a long and successful career with us Apply for this General Manager position now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.