Title: Conference and Events Sales Supervisor  StokeOnTrent
Webindex: 71659760
Company: QMH UK Limited   Best Western
Description: Job Function and Salary , ****  **** Contract Temporary  Maternity Cover. Role Description Sales, revenue, profit and organisation. In this role you will be have a key role to play in maximising our conference and event sales ensuring budgeted occupancy levels, average room rates and revenue sales are met. Conferences and events are an important part of our business from syndicate rooms to large events including conferences, exhibitions and weddings. You will supervise a team ensuring events are planned and organised so that our customer expectations are met on every occasion Required Experience The ideal candidate will have: Hospitality or Tourism qualification Administration and Conference Sales experience Hotel or Conference Centre Experience Effective communication and delegation skills Able to train and supervise team Knowledge of fidelio. and Sales and Catering       THIS IS A TEMPORARY POSITION TO COVER MATERNITY LEAVE. Benefits Package We provide skills and service training as part of our core people strategy. Our benefits include: Discounted Hotel Accommodation rates Uniform and Meals on duty NVQ/SNVQ qualifications Contributory Pension Scheme Use of Hotel Leisure facilities Annual long service recognition events Livein accommodation is unfortunately unavailable for this role. . Employer Profile Best Western StokeonTrent Moat House is a superb hotel situated on Festival Park, and consists of 147 bedrooms, Viva Bar and Brasserie, JW s Bar, Club Moativation Health and Fitness Club, and **** Conference and Meeting Rooms incorporating Josiah Wedgewood s former home, Etruria Hall within the meeting centre with facilities for up to **** delegates. Company: There are QMH Hotels throughout the UK, from Glasgow in Scotland to Plymouth in the West Country. QMH hotels are of three or four star standard and offer a range of good quality conference, meeting re looking to put a great name on your CV, start thinking  QMH UK Limited. We re not only one of the UK s largest and bestrespected hotel groups, we re also renowned for our excellent training. Talent gets noticed, results are appreciated and we promote from within. Every one of our people makes a real contribution to the business, whether delivering great service or working in a team focused on achieving its targets. If you re looking for a job, you just may have found a career.