Title: Senior Cook
Webindex: 70321782
Company: JOBG8
Description: LOCATION: Hartlepool JOB TITLE: Senior Cook SALARY & BENEFITS : [contact details removed] , Excellent Pension Scheme, 25 Days Annual Leave, Health Insurance (cash back plan), Childcare Vouchers WORKING HOURS: 35 Hours Per week working on a rota basis across 7 days. Generally day time shifts for Breakfast and Lunch Service, Occasional Evening work is required. THE ROLE: Senior Cook We are looking for a Senior Cook to provide an excellent service to our residents, their families and any passing trade. Based on a state of the art Residential Care Home with approx **** Residents Responsible for the organisation and management of the kitchen including ordering of provisions, preparation of menus and meals, service of meals and snacks, essential record keeping in relation to all the functions of the kitchen, oversight of hygiene and safety in the kitchen, direction and supervision of staff and full operational control of all services associated with kitchen activities. The Key Responsibilities for the role: Taking charge and managing the kitchen on a daily basis Planning and implementation of catering needs to ensure smooth running of the unit Managing and ordering appropriate stock levels needed Preparation of menus and also cater for special events Maintain high standards and food presentation and nutritional values Maintain health and safety and hygiene to highest standards THE COMPANY: The organisation provides a range of services including housing management, landscape maintenance, resident involvement and engagements and overall service improvement. The post is within the catering section , which is a **** mixed tenure site for people aged over **** some of whom are in receipt of care and support. The facilities are also available for users , e.g. a day centre and the wider community. THE CANDIDATE: We are looking for an experienced catering professional with a strong command of running a kitchen to a high standard. Key skills and experience required: Experience of providing good quality food and running a catering service in a similar environment, working with various types of service. Knowledge and experience of running a commercial kitchen Experience of providing creative menus that reflect the needs of customers Experience of managing people and teams Experience of purchasing and procurement Knowledge of relevant legislation Experience of providing a customer focused service Level 3 Catering qualification or equivalent experience KEYWORDS: 'Cook' 'Senior Cook' 'Chef' 'Kitchen Manager' 'Catering Manager' 'NVQ Level 3 Food Hygiene'