Title: CASUAL FOOD & BEVERAGE ASSISTANT
Webindex: 70735325
Company: Abingdon
Description: ABINGDON FOUR PILLARS HOTEL Casual Food Beverage Staff We currently have an exciting role for Casual Food Beverage Staff to work in a **** star hotel set in the historic town of AbingdononThames, **** miles south of Oxford, in the heart of the Thames Valley, our hotel offers you all the comforts of home, away from home. The main part of the role is: To make sure Restaurant, Bar Conference Rooms is clean and that all preparation has been carried out so as to ensure a smooth service  To serve food and liquor efficiently and courteously at all times  To provide drinks service in the restaurant and bar when required.  To anticipate customer needs wherever possible, and to react to these to enhance customer satisfaction  To be conversant with facilities, services and promotions offered by the hotel  To report any maintenance faults to your Line Manager immediately  To have knowledge of the Weights Measures Act, Licensing Laws and Food Hygiene Regulations  To be punctual, smart, correctly uniformed, and polite, courteous and helpful to guests at all times  To correctly set up conference and function rooms, and serve refreshments at the requested times  To liaise with conference organizer over times of service and numbers of delegates, and ensure that all staff are aware of any changes Hotel experience is preferred but not essential as training can be given. Ideal candidate will have good customer service skills. Salary **** per hour Free uniform Meals on duty Staff recognition awards Childcare Vouchers Discounted stays at other Four Pillars Hotels. We are looking for a confident communicator with a passion for customer service and a keen eye for detail to join our friendly team. Four Pillars Hotels is a unique company whose hotels all have something special about them – and that is what we are looking for in each person that we employ. We aim to provide the best possible service to our guests, and we know that our employees are crucial to our guests’ experience. We pride ourselves on valuing, developing and nurturing all our employees, so when you join Four Pillars Hotels you can be confident that you are joining a company in which you will thrive. If you are interested, why not apply now. Send an updated CV to Jenny Allsopp, F B Supervisor at abingdon.fbsupervisorfourpillars.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/CASUALFOODBEVERAGEASSISTANT_job****