Title: ASSISTANT GENERAL MANAGER  Restaurant Catering chain
Webindex: 72449327
Company: Recruit Online UK Limited
Description: ASSISTANT GENERAL MANAGER  Restaurant Catering chain, Central London Salary c**** per annum plus a 20% bonus scheme Highly successful Restaurant and Catering chain requires an experienced Assistant General Manager to manage profitability and performance of one of their units, whilst driving a learning culture of continuous improvements which exceed customer expectations. Assistant General Managers responsibilities:  Creating effective business plans.  Using finance and other results to measure performance.  Ensuring budgets and maintained and results achieved.  Ensuring all staff stay focused on business plans and results.  Ensuring health and hygiene standards are maintained above minimum legislative and company standards.  Managing customer relations, ensuring they exceed customer expectations.  Understanding and meeting the needs of all stakeholders.  Driving a culture of continuous improvement.  Using effective priority management tools and techniques.  Delivering team objectives and motivating the team to achieve them.  Delegating responsibilities effectively and assisting the General Manager when necessary  Creating effective strategies to control costs.  Communicating effectively to engage the team in cost control.  Supporting the business plan through succession planning.  Building individual development plans and implementing them.  Supporting a culture of continuous learning.  Meeting mandatory training needs for the team.  Measuring performance and providing effective feedback to team members.  Understanding and analysing financial results.  Linking financial indicators to improvement strategies.  Completing financial reporting within deadlines.  Maintaining 100% accuracy in cash handling procedures. Skills Required for Assistant General Manager role:  Previous Management experience .  Excellent communication and listening skills.  Excellent command of the English language – written and spoken.  Good MsOffice skills.  Disciplined and able to make strong decisions.  Creative and solution orientated.  Good self development and motivational focus.  Able to remain calm under pressure. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ASSISTANTGENERALMANAGERRestaurantCateringchain_job****