Title: Night Concierge
Webindex: 68707233
Company: Firmdale
Description: Job Title: Night Concierge Employer Type: Hotel Annual Salary: ******** per annum Location: London About the Night Concierge Role We are currently recruiting for a Night Concierge to join the team at our stunning Soho Hotel. This position offers a rare opportunity to join a market leading hotel group best known for its exceptional standards, stylish interiors and inspirational approach to guest service. Working closely with the Night Manager this role encompasses a variety of tasks including; greeting guests to the hotel examples of these are Train the Trainer, Leadership, Learning Academies and much more. Firmdale is a Company you will be proud to work for. We are individual, stylish, modern and elegant. In recognition of our commitment to investing in our people we have won the following awards; Winner Springboard Award for Excellence  Best career progression **** Winner Training Journal Best customer service initiative **** Winner Springboard Award for Excellence  Best initiative to attract people into management **** Company Info Firmdale Hotels is an award winning hotel group. We have won the Queens Award for Excellence twice and most recently the Soho Hotel has won The Cateys Award for Hotel of the Year. Quality is what we are all about at Firmdale and that s from our individually designed bedrooms containing original pieces of artwork to the Egyptian cotton linen used in the restaurant. We believe that the customer truly comes first and that if we get the minor detail right then everything else will follow. Our culture suits down to earth, genuinely friendly, ambitious and hardworking people. If you want to be noticed and recognized for your individual contribution then this is the company for you. As a result of our success we are a rapidly expanding group and therefore are able to offer excellent career progression along with individually tailor made career development plans. The behaviours we value at Firmdale are; Positive can do attitude, Enthusiastic and passionate, Consistently professional, Friendly and Attentive, Interested and Driven and Genuine/Loyal/Honest The behaviours our managers will demonstrate are; Genuine care for their people, Customer focused, Involve people and Empower, Show consistent appreciation, Show real trust, Listen and Act, Give clear expectations, Encourage teamwork, Driven/Passionate and Ensure work is fun Benefits for working for Firmdale; Extensive training and development opportunities, Career planning and progression. Competitive salaries Free Dry Cleaning for uniforms and discounted dry cleaning for employees personal items Meals on duty Incremental Holiday starting at **** and going up a day each year to 25 days. Experience Vouchers (which are redeemable during your employment) Incentive Schemes; Departmental Incentive Schemes 