Title: Assistant Manager  Funky, Fresh Restaurant Opening  Oxford
Webindex: 70383529
Company: Bee Recruitment London Ltd
Description: Assistant Manager, Brilliant New Funky Concept, Fresh Exciting Food, lots of new openings this year. Assistant Manager –****k plus overtime – (These Restaurants look amazing and with **** openings plan this year it’s a really exciting time to join) The Client – Great training development This is an amazing time for assistant manager time to join this exciting fresh food restaurant group at the very start of its expansion. The company is ambitious, well structure with great training development plans in place. These Restaurants are great fun to be in full of energy and life and serve amazing fresh food. These roles are going to suit strong assistant managers looking for progression and to work for one of the best companies in the UK. The Role – Motivate and inspire your team. We’re looking for Assistant Managers with passion and a love of food people with personality and ambition. As an Assistant Manager you will have experience of large fresh food operations, where great service and great food is everything. Essential Skills Experience required for a Assistant Manager We're looking for Assistant Managers with at least 1 years experience as Assistant Manager from within a restaurant/food retail environment. You will have great people skills and a great attitude You will be able to motivate and inspire people around you We’re looking for people who are fun with great personalities and want to learn and progress. Rewards – Assistant Manager – Paid overtime Great Salary up to ****k plus paid overtime. Great discounts and personal development plans Private health care Pensions Chance to join a great company at a very exciting time with clear development paths Candidate Information, Assistant Manager All candidates must provide proof of identity and eligibility to work in the UK along with and relevant supporting qualifications. Bee Recruitment is an equal opportunities employer, a recruitment agency dedicated to recruitment in the hospitality industry. Please send your CV to Rory at rorybeerec.com or call on **** Due to the high number of applicants we receive sadly we cannot reply to everyone, therefore if you do not hear back from us within 5 days please assume you have been unsuccessful this time This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerFunkyFreshRestaurantOpeningOxford_job****