Title: Experienced Bar StaffMin Wage plus benefitsOxfordshire
Webindex: 70759914
Company: Ideal chef recruitment agency
Description: Experienced Bar StaffMinimum Wage plus benefitsOxfordshire. Organisation Description: This establishment could be called The perfect local due to its reputation of having good old comforting pub classics. Yet do not be fooled, this establishment is anything but Job Description: We are looking for young, vibrant, buzzy, confident and experienced bar staff to join our team. The bar staffs duties will be to be deliver excellent customer service at all times, serve and present beverages (a few cocktails here and there) quickly and efficiently meeting our standards, assist in keeping the bar and frontofhouse clean and tidy at all times, have some knowledge of stock ordering and control. To keep up to date with current promotions and new products. Maintain personal knowledge by completing inhouse training and workbooks. Always adhere to all company policies and procedures and licensing laws, be involved and contribute at team meetings and to carry out instructions given by the management team. Job Requirements: The bar staff must be confident and selfmotivated, be able to demonstrate a passionate commitment to the business, welcome and embrace change with a positive attitude. Be able to work unsupervised in a busy environment and be able to prioritise their duties. Be honest and reliable, trustworthy and respectful. Be immaculately dressed, maintain excellent time keeping and attendance and be professional. The bar staff must be team players, be able to maintain good working relationships with all team members and be willing to take on jobs to balance the team workload. The bar staff MUST be able to communicate well with people of all levels. You will receive company benefits including holiday pay and a percentage of the service charge. There will be a tronc percentage pay rise after the initial trial period is over. Accommodation: None Available. In line with the requirements of the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. As part of the recruitment process, you will be asked to provide documented evidence of eligibility