Title: Group Reservations Executive  up to ****k
Webindex: 69470872
Company: K.B.C. Associates Limited
Description: Job Description: Job Description Job Title: Group Reservations Executive Department: Reservations Responsible To: Reservations Manager General Scope and Purpose To deal with all telephone, fax and email enquiries in a prompt and professional manner in accordance with company standards ensuring accuracy and attention to detail at all times. To be aware of seasonal and historical trends ensuring maximum occupancy and average room rates are achieved. To maintain effective communication at all times. Responsibilities To be fully conversant with all reservation procedures including cancellations and noshows, and adhere to these procedures at all times. To be fully aware of all rates and promotions and to quote such rates in line with hotel standards, ensuring maximum occupancy and rate is achieved at all times. To deal with all internal and external customers in a professional manner to ensure complete satisfaction at all times whilst adhering to hotel standards. To develop and maintain customer relations to the highest standard, answering all telephones promptly and correctly. To ensure all incoming correspondence is actioned promptly and correctly, and any request responded to courteously and within the same working day. To maintain an accurate and logical filing system for correspondence relating to bookings and enquiries. To ensure the Reservations office is kept clean, tidy and in an organized manner at all times. To have an accurate working knowledge of the hotel bedrooms and public areas in order to show current and potential clients the hotel and facilities. To be aware of our top ten corporate accounts and all other VIP guests, allocating rooms accordingly. To be aware of current and future availability and any historical and seasonal trends and major events which may affect it. To ensure the effective communication of all guest requirements to all other relevant hotel departments. To chase all unconfirmed bookings ensuring they are confirmed or released in accordance with hotel policy. To maintain an accurate waitlist and ensure all bookings are converted should rooms become available. To pass all potential sales leads to the Sales department. To strictly observe all credit procedures as set by the Reservations Manager and Credit Controller. To be fully aware of and to be able to act upon fire, health and safety and security procedures. To attend any relevant training courses. Job Requirements: reservations experience essential This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GroupReservationsExecutiveupto****k_job****