Title: Guest Service Agent
Webindex: 69828106
Company: Millennium Copthorne Hotels plc 
Description: The Millennium London MAYFAIR Hotel is a **** Deluxe 336 bedroom hotel in situated in the heart of fashionable Mayfair overlooking Grosvenor Square. We now have a great opportunity for a Guest Service Agent to join our Hotel. Your main duties will involve: Greets all guests at either entrance in a polite and welcoming manner and guides them towards the reception desk. Assists guests with their luggage in a proactive manner for both checkins and checkouts. Carries guest s luggage to room upon checkin and explains Hotel s facilities and main room facilities upon delivery. Participates in group and crew luggage handling as and when they arrive/depart. Engages in moving guest luggage from one room to another in the event of a room change. Briefs guests on emergency procedures upon delivery of luggage making sure to point out the nearest fire escape. Carries guests luggage from room to reception/luggage room/taxi upon departure thanking guests for their visit and wishing a pleasant onward journey. Controls usage of luggage room ensuring a clear log is kept of all luggage movement. Takes post in the lobby area by the Grosvenor Square entrance when not engaged in another duty greeting guests as they arrive/depart via this door, helping with their luggage as necessary. Crosstrains in other roles within Front Office and other departments as necessary. Covers colleagues breaks as requested by the Head Concierge including the Doorman and Concierge Desk. Reports any faults spotted throughout the hotel to the relevant department directly paying particular attention to guest bedrooms. Escorts guests attending functions to their corresponding function room. Attends to guests needs promoting services available at the Concierge desk and referring complaints to the Duty Manager. Points out any stationery needs at the Concierge desk. Complies with personal grooming and hygiene standards. Complies with the Hotel s Health, Safety and Hygiene policy. Ensures lobby area is kept neat and tidy at all times cleaning ashtrays and rearranging furniture as required. Delivers newspapers, parcels and messages promptly as and when requested by the Concierge desk. Carries out any additional duties as and when requested by the Head Concierge to ensure the smooth running and success to the Hotel. To act as an ambassador of Millennium s or UK entry clearance. Visit www.millenniumhotels.co.uk/mayfair