Title: Support Manager  South Central  SSP to ****k
Webindex: 68684673
Company: SSP UK Ltd
Description: About SSP  The Food Travel Experts SSP have been delivering world class food and beverage experiences across the globe for more than 60 years. We operate a wide portfolio of owned and franchised food beverage brands in travel and retail locations across 32 countries and employ over **** people  our 'food travel experts' Following an increase in sales we are looking for an Store Manager to support our managers in a variety of different sites in Pumpkin cafes or Upper Crust sites around Reading, Didcot and Slough with flexibility to travel to other sites in the region. The Role Key Accountabilities As a Manager for the 'south central' region, you will work lead and support your teams to offer our outstanding coffee, baguettes and snacks to our onthego customers. You will work closely with the Multi Unit Manager or Unit Manager on site to manage the daily operation of the cafe and be responsible for delivering operational and financial results and high standards in customer service. You will need to have the flexibility to work in multiple branded outlets and the drive to ensure that your teams consistently deliver the best levels of customer service possible This role is a Support Manager role, a great opportunity for a tenacious and experienced Manager to join a great management team and have exposure to multiple teams in a variety of locations. You will be covering annual leave, offering training support and supporting the wider management team in increasing sales to our customers. Skills Experience To be successful in this role, you will need to have previous experience of managing a diverse team of people in a highvolume, fastpaced, quick service cafe Knowledge of the standards and structured processes required to work within a globally recognised brand. An awareness and previous experience of the financial controls required when running a unit  cost control and P L reviews. Demonstrable experience in coaching and developing your team to deliver against financial and SOP targets. With your Management experience in branded retail catering, (preferably in a 'branded' cafe) you'll know success in this industry is all about customer service and here it is no different. Local Site Brand Information There's a mix of our regular customers, other retail staff who have their breakfast or lunch with us and lots new people passing through, so a chance to impress new customers every day, run a successful business whilst being part of a larger SSP management team. This role will be split around stations in the Berkshire / Surrey regions, so would suit someone who drives or lives close to one of these stations. Benefits Incentives In return for your skills and experience, we offer you a rewarding and vibrant working environment, real and achievable career opportunities and excellent training and development to enhance your existing skills. You'll receive a competitive salary and bonus incentive (up to 30% of your salary on achievement of KPI objectives), pension scheme, 28 days holiday, life assurance, free meal on duty, discounts off SSP brands and numerous other retailers and services, child care vouchers, cycle to work scheme and lots of opportunities to develop your career in to different brands or more senior management This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SupportManagerSouthCentralSSPto****k_job****