Title: Waitress/Housekeeper
Webindex: 71312979
Company: White House Inn 
Description: Job Purpose: We require two separate functions from the successful applicant. The reason being so we can offer as many working hours as possible to the applicant especially during 'out of season' periods. Waitress duties:  Taking orders to tables, accepting payments and whatever else may be required. You will become part of the waitress team which becomes busy during the holiday season Housekeeping duties: Maintains hotel rooms by cleaning, dusting, vacuuming, and polishing; providing linen services.  Maintains cleaning schedule priorities by following room assignment list; servicing rooms requesting early cleaning first.  Announces presence by knocking on room doors; returning at a later time to occupied rooms.  Makes bed by removing and replacing sheets and pillow cases, checking blankets and bedspreads for soiling; replacing soiled items.  Removes miscellaneous debris by removing refuse, newspapers, room service trays, and minibar selections.  Refreshes bath area by cleaning tub, toilet, and sinks; removing used towels and bathmats; replacing bath linens.  Replenishes room supplies by restocking toiletries and stationery supplies.  Cleans floors by washing and vacuuming floors.  Maintains furnishings by dusting and polishing furniture; cleaning and polishing glass surfaces.  Conserves energy by closing shades and draperies; turning down air conditioning and heat of unoccupied rooms.  Maintains room availability by notifying supervisor of room readiness.  Keeps supplies ready by restocking housekeeping cart at end of shift.  Keeps equipment operating by following operating instructions; troubleshooting breakdowns; maintaining supplies; performing preventive maintenance; calling for repairs.  Maintains safe, secure, and clean work environment by following and enforcing standards and procedures; complying with security regulations.  Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities.  Enhances housekeeping and hotel reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments. Skills/Qualifications: Dependability, Quality Focus, Customer Service, Customer Focus, Thoroughness, Lifting, Housekeeping, Independence, Listening, Verbal Communication. This dual position will involve weekend working