Title: ACCOUNTS / COST CONTROLLER, CORNWALL
Webindex: 68233584
Company: Hot Recruitment Consultants
Description: Accounts / Cost Controller, Cornwal l. Our client is a Multi Award winning luxury Cornish Coastal Hotel with a Sensational Restaurant Spa and they are looking for an experienced Accounts / Cost Controller to join their amazing team. THE COMPANY Our client has two successful, privately owned, 4star hotels located on the North Coast of Cornwall. As an innovative and forward thinking Finance Department supporting these two hotels, they are looking to make a key appointment in order to strengthen their Team. THE ROLE The role of Accounts / Cost Controller is a key post, working as number two in the Finance Team which supports both hotels. This is a new role and gives a lot of scope for development by the successful candidate. There is a demand for the Finance Team to help all managers to understand and exploit the financial dynamics of the business. The new role will incorporate some accountancy preparation whilst enabling more focus on the Food and Beverage departments’ profitability and cost control. THE PERSON For the role of Accounts / Cost Controller, the successful candidate will impress our clients with their unflappable competence and is likely to:  Be a qualified or part qualified management accountant with solid experience in an accounting role  Have experience in staff leadership and management at a supervisory or junior management level.  Have excellent technical and commercial experience.  Have a high degree of business acumen and first class organisational skills.  Be able to work alongside finance and nonfinance people alike.  Be highly computer and systems literate.  Have excellent interpersonal skills and be confident with dealings at all levels.  Be flexible, responsive and hardworking. Regardless of how our clients’ see the job at present, they are more interested in getting the right person than in fitting them to preconceptions – so please apply if you have an appetite for this exciting role. HOURS For the role of Accounts / Cost Controller you will work Monday to Friday from 9am to ****.30pm. REMUNERATION For the role of Accounts / Cost Controller there is on offer:  A salary of up to **** per annum  Free experience of the Hotel Restaurant and Rooms  Free meals whilst on duty  Challenge based Development Grant towards nonworkrelated personal development  Up to 5 additional days annual leave per year service  3% matched company contribution to the pension scheme after **** year of service  Cash back health cover scheme HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients’ business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the Accounts / Cost Controller will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. If you do not live in the Cornwall area, please ensure that your CV states you are happy to relocate – without this information your CV may be disregarded. You must have eligibility to work in the UK. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Hotel, Food Beverage, Accounts, Accounting, Cost Control, Hospitality, Leisure, Management Accounts, Financial Controller, Finance Manager, This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ACCOUNTSCOSTCONTROLLERCORNWALL_job****