Title: Commis Chef  Bar Boulud
Webindex: 69473649
Company: Bar Boulud
Description: Set in bustling Knightsbridge, the Award winning Bar Boulud, London is a French inspired bistro and wine bar, which follows the successful format of Bar Boulud in New York. A full menu is based on seasonal, rustic French cooking and includes various signature dishes as well charcuterie specially prepared on site by a world class Charcutier. The Adam D. Tihany designed interior comprises of two large connecting rooms, the first with an impressive zinc topped bar and the second with a sleek open kitchen, allowing guests to watch the theatrical delights of the chefs at work. Additionally there are two private dining rooms which seat up to twenty guests for a more intimate affair. Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park, London is part of Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group, awardwinning owner and operator of **** hotels in Asia, The Americas, Europe and North Africa. We are recruiting a Commis Chef for Bar Boulud Job Description: As Commis Chef you will assist with the food production in the main Kitchen, working as part of a team. Job Requirements:  Ideal candidate has a Culinary Diploma/NVQ level 1 and **** or Apprenticeship  All applicants will have at least a years experience working as a Commis Chef within a similar environment .  The ideal Commis Chef will have a passion for great food with fantastic presentation and have a desire to learn and progress from the very experienced chefs in your team  Be confident in your cooking abilities  Work at consistently high standards  Wants career progression in a great company  Well presented appearance and excellent communication . Please note this is a full time permanent position Benefits: We provide a comprehensive Benefits Package which includes  Uniforms and Meals whilst on duty  Guest Hotel experience for employees  Discounted Room Nights  Discount at F B Outlets  Healthcare provisions  Company Pension Scheme Life Insurance,  **** Paid Holidays including Bank Public Holidays,  Colleague recognition and reward programmes  Exciting range of learning and development programmes  Regular colleague social and wellbeing events  Opportunities for promotion and transfer across the group Eligibility: You must be permitted to work in the UK for **** hours a week. Documented evidence of eligibility will be required from candidates as part of the recruitment process. Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group is an equal opportunity employer. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/CommisChefBarBoulud_job****