Title: Hotel Accountant / Financial Manager
Webindex: 70735549
Company: Cummins Mellor Recruitment
Description: Hotel Accountant/Financial Manager ********K Lancashire Our client, an independent, stunning, awardwinning 30 bedroomed hotel and spa, with superb wedding and conference facilities set within beautifully manicured gardens and extensive grounds, is keen to recruit an experienced Hotel Accountant/ Financial Manager . Bottom of Form As Hotel Accountant/Financial Manager you will work closely with the hotel’s General Manager, and will report to the Financial Director. This role requires the ideal candidate to take ownership and responsibility for the day to day finance operation of this successful property. A great people manager, who is hands on and has the ability and a proven track record on leading and motivating a team of staff to process transactions and returns, managing sales and purchase ledgers, processing payroll as well as delivering management accounts and accurate management information to the Finance Director and Board of Directors. Hotel Accountant/Financial Manager Key Responsibilities; • All sales and purchase ledger transactions debits and credits as well as payments and posting • Bank reconciliations • VAT returns and PAYE transactions and controls • Monthly payroll • Control all cash transactions • Production of monthly management accounts and accurate reporting on all activity surrounding sales, costs, stock and journals • Monthly cash flow forecast and annual budgets The Ideal Hotel Accountant/Financial Manager will; • Have experience in staff leadership and management • Have excellent technical and commercial experience • Have a high degree of business acumen and first class organisational skills • Be able to work alongside finance and nonfinance people alike • Be highly computer and systems literate • Have excellent interpersonal skills and be confident with dealings at all levels • Be flexible, responsive and hardworking A background in the Hospitality Industry is highly desirable. Attention to detail and analysis of controls and costing as well as experience of developing and implementing strong internal processes are essential. The ability to manage a team and interact with the senior management of the operation is crucial. Good presentation, professional attitude and smart appearance with the ability to build relationships and utilise good influencing skills and share expertise with key heads of departments to obtain and control accurate information are essential. A strong knowledge of Excel and Sage accounting and IT experience with integrating software to help with internal efficiencies would be an advantage. A competitive salary between 30****K is on offer with company benefits. Applications for the Hotel Accountant/Financial Manager in Lancashire will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment. If you do not live in the Lancashire area, please ensure that your CV states you are happy to relocate. Should you be looking to work with an employer of choice, keen to embrace a new challenge and enhance your career, then please apply in confidence to michellecumminsmellor.co.uk  We look forward to hearing from you Important You must have eligibility to work in the UK. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CV’s will not be considered. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/HotelAccountantFinancialManager_job****