Title: Unit Manager  Global Coffee Brand  Glasgow Airport
Webindex: 70384044
Company: SSP
Description: About SSP  The Food Travel Experts SSP have been delivering world class food and beverage experiences across the globe for more than 60 years. We operate a wide portfolio of owned and franchised food beverage brands in travel and retail locations across ****2 countries and employ over **** people  our 'food travel experts' The Role Key Accountabilities As a Store Manager of one of our busy Coffee shop outlets, you will have full ownership of the store's performance and be responsible for delivering operational and financial results and high standards in customer service. As Manager, you will also be responsible for managing, motivating and developing your team (**** colleagues), recruiting, training and managing performance. It's as close to running your own business as you can get but with the advantage of having the support of a worldwide organisation. Skills Experience To be successful in this role, you will need to have:  Previous experience of managing a diverse team of people in a similar environment such as a branded coffee shop or branded bakery, with coffee/barista skills and a passion for great coffee.  Knowledge of working within a 'branded' environment and the procedures and structured processes required to maintain brand standards.  Previous experience of having full P L financial accountability and exercising the necessary controls required when running a unit  (control of GP, labour, profit etc.) as well as sales and marketing plans to drive revenue.  Demonstrable experience in coaching and developing your team to deliver excellent customer service whilst meeting financial and operational targets. This exciting role is based at Glasgow Airport. Life at the airport is not '****', so you need to be available to work shifts which can include evenings / earlies and weekends depending on the needs of the business. (Min 3 early shifts per week). Trading hours are 4am  10pm. Please note successful candidates are required to undergo a full ****year reference and Criminal Record check to comply with airport security regulations. Local Site Brand Information This role is based at Glasgow Airport where we have a range of other food and beverage outlets across 'landside' and 'airside' areas. Whilst being an SSP employee, you will be managing the popular 'Starbucks' brand, famous for it's quality coffee and providing excellent customer experiences every day. Benefits Incentives In return for your skills and experience, we offer you a rewarding and vibrant working environment, real and achievable career opportunities and excellent training and development to enhance your existing skills. You'll receive a competitive salary and bonus incentive, pension scheme, 28 days holiday, life assurance,car park provided, free meal on duty, discounts off SSP brands and numerous other retailers and services, child care vouchers, cycle to work scheme and lots of opportunities to develop your career in to different brands or more senior management. Please note  when you click 'Apply Now'you will be transferred to our talent management system where you will be asked to complete your details and upload your CV. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/UnitManagerGlobalCoffeeBrandGlasgowAirport_job****