Title: Sous Chef  Bosco Lounge,Woodley, Reading RG**** ****JP  New Opening
Webindex: 72437983
Company: The Loungers Ltd
Description: Sous Chef  Bosco Lounge,Woodley, Reading RG**** 3JP  Opening soon Exciting opportunity for a Sous Chef to open a new Caf Bar in Reading for our rapidly developing awardwinning concept The Lounges are a rapidly growing group of neighbourhood caf bars.We are open all day, every day and serve great quality food and drink in a welcoming, relaxed environment. (Check out www.thelounges.co.uk ) Due to the success of our group we are rolling the brand out with an amazing new site in the Woodley, Reading. We are currently recruiting for a talented Sous Chef at this exciting new site. Who are we looking for? A calm and organised Sous Chef who will motivate and lead the brigade and provide structured and progressive training for all of the team. Sous Chefs that can cook, taste and enjoy their food only, Ping chefs need not apply An experienced and well trained catering professional, who understands that a kitchen with flawless food hygiene standards and organisational systems will produce better food, better chefs and better profits. An ambitious and enthusiastic Sous Chef with a real desire to progress. The ideal candidate will have a mixture of branded and independent experience, with a proven track record as Sous Chef. A knowledgeable Chef who takes pride in producing great quality fresh food and will work with our Head Chef to ensure consistently high standards by adhering to the company specifications and procedures. Benefits Great salary package of up to **** per annum including bonus, depending on experience. Learn how to manage a kitchen from a company with all the structure and support to show you how to be more than just a great cook. A brand new kitchen with brand new kit Chance to join an expanding and recession busting company. Fantastic company incentives. Training on offer includes Advanced Health & Safety, Food Hygiene and First Aid Courses, NVQ Level 3 and fully funded college courses. Straight shifts and two days off a week, and a sensible working week working with decent people Please apply with a full CV stating the position you are applying for. If you feel you have insufficient experience for the Sous Chef role, but would be interested in joining us in another capacity, please feel free to send us your CV and a short cover letter explaining the job you feel you would be suited for and why you are interested in our group.