Title: Assistant Manager  Jamie s Italian Cambridge
Webindex: 68706784
Company: Jamie s Italian
Description: Assistant Manager Cambridge Salary ****k  ****k Benefits The Role: To translate the concept and ideals of Jamie s Italian dream into a successfully operating restaurant and to closely support the General Manager, taking responsibility for the smooth running of the restaurant and the implementation, evolution and ongoing improvement of standards and profitability. To achieve world class standards in order to exceed customer expectations and to act as a role model for staff and an ambassador for Jamie s Italian, reflecting its unique culture, positive attitude and excellent standards at all times. To learn and experience responsibility, preparing to take on a General Manager s role in the future. Jamie s Italian is yours  your opportunity to learn, grow and develop. Embrace it with us Responsibilities: To protect and positively promote the culture of Jamie s Italian through local marketing and world class service. To recruit Front of House staff and to train and inspire them, building succession and to coach and mentor in order to unleash their potential. The kitchen is the heart of our restaurants  you will support the Head Chef in recruiting, developing, coaching and appraisals of the kitchen team. To assist the General Manager in maximising sales opportunities within the business, delivering agreed sales and volume targets and to gain a full understanding of the profit and loss accounts. To prepare and deliver accurate sales and labour forecasting and to report figures within set timescales and in line with budget. To demonstrate the Jamie s Italian ideal by ensuring the restaurant set up, running and closedown consistently meets our world class standards. To ensure preshift team meetings are inspirational on every shift and quality is monitored and consistently delivered through observation, attention to detail and amazing interaction with both staff and customers. Most importantly have fun, inspire and spread your passion