Title: Kitchen Manager  Maidenhead
Webindex: 68808506
Company: Toby Carvery
Description: Kitchen Manager ******** Working at Toby Carvery Want to join the friendly, fastpaced atmosphere of a famous great British carvery? Then the exciting vacancies with Toby Carvery will be right up your street Carvery food Just as it should be Fanatical about food quality? Passionate about people? Serious about service? Then join our team and help provide a carvery experience that s Just as it should be , with freshly roasted meat straight from our carvery deck, delicious seasonal vegetables and a good oldfashioned welcome. Whether you prefer being a fabulous host, an outstanding server or love creating delicious meals, we ll help you carve out a great career. Welcome to Toby Carvery Stafferton Lodge Toby Carvery Stafferton Lodge in Maidenhead is looking to recruit a quality kitchen manager. This beautiful and charismatic site is a firm favourite with guests and has enjoyed a great reputation since its opening. We are seeking an experienced Kitchen Manager to further enhance this business s reputation; you must have proven skills within volume branded kitchen management, these will be demonstrated with acknowledged excellence in food quality, guest satisfaction, team training/management and legal standards, backed up with a positive, can do attitude and a passion for making money, team work and great results. Are you the asset we seek? Famous for its superb selection of succulent roast meats, Toby Carvery is the place for a superb slapup Sunday lunch. Any day or time of the week in fact With our carvery table heaving with three magnificent roasts, it s no wonder we re so popular. No wonder so many people want to carve out a career with us What you ll do in this role Kitchen Manager here is a hugely important role, not just for Toby Carvery but for the nation Because you ll be responsible for making sure that the nation s favourite carvery is as magnificent as ever. As Kitchen Manager, it s your job to make sure that nothing goes into or comes out of the kitchen without your sayso. Oh yes. The Prime Minister comes a poor second after you As Kitchen Manager you ll make sure that every dish is sheer perfection as it makes its way from kitchen to table You ll be responsible for training and motivating your staff ensuring a perfect blend in the kitchen You ll be responsible for food stock control and ordering You ll be accountable for the kitchen s financial performance You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding managerial career with us What will make you perfect for the job? Kitchen Manager / team leader experience in a high volume, branded environment A passion for delivering great food and an obsessive attention to detail ensuring that every dish that leaves the kitchen leaves a guest satisfied Leadership qualities with the enthusiasm and charisma to inspire your team Attention to the maintenance of profit margins Strict about conforming to health and hygiene regulations Excellent communication skills Enthusiasm, a strong work ethic and a hunger to learn Minimum level 2 food safety (and preferably higher) What we offer Highly competitive salary Attractive Kitchen Manager bonus package up to ****k Opportunity to join a defined contribution pension scheme 5 weeks paid holiday Other lifestyleflexible benefits Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.