Title: Meeting & Events Sales Manager  Reactive Exeter
Webindex: 71959934
Company: K.B.C. Associates Limited
Description: JOB DESCRIPTION Job Title: Meeting Events Sales Manager Department: Meeting and Events Responsible to: General Manager Responsible for: M E Administration Staff Main Job Function To ensure that Conference and Banqueting facilities are sold to the best advantage of the hotel. To ensure that bookings are handled efficiently and communicated to all concerned. To lead and manage the M E Sales Department so that it performs efficiently and effectively. To review, evaluate, plan and take action so that the department achieves its targets. To give both internal and external customers quality service. . Relationships Reporting directly to General Manager on all areas concerning reservations and revenue management, whilst liasing with the Revenue Manager also. Liasing directly with the Meeting Events Operations Manager on a daily basis on areas concerning function requirements. MAIN DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  Ensure that all enquiries and bookings for M E rooms are handled efficiently and with a view to maximum sales revenue and overall profitability of the hotel.  Ensure that all telephone calls and email enquiries are dealt with to the company standard.  Manage the retrieval of feedback from all M E clients  Encourage full usage of all facilities in the hotel to maximise sales.  Ensure that function diaries and records are kept accurately and are up to date.  Carry out showrounds of potential customers, either by prior or chance appointments  Be present to meet and greet customers as appropriate.  Organise M E sales promotional initiatives.  Entertain prospective clients where appropriate.  Carry out telephone sales calls to sell the hotel’s facilities.  Ensure that all communications with customers are handled within the required time frame and to the hotel/company standards.  Liaise with the M E Operations team to ensure that rooms are set up correctly to the customers’ specifications.  Arrange for the hire of AV equipment and supply of other extras the customer has requested.  Produce the weekly Function Sheet and ensure that any amendments are communicated to all concerned.  Attend hotel and department meetings.  Be aware of company and hotel policies which affect the M E department.  Liaise with the Finance department to ensure that all prospective customers are credit referenced.  Ensure that the Finance department is given accurate information for billing.  Have full product knowledge of the facilities offered at the hotel.  Ensure that statistical data is produced and analysed.  Produce and set the C B letting strategies with the Revenue Manager.  Be proactive in putting forward suggested actions to achieve the department’s targets. Staff Management  Be involved with the Human Resources Manager in the recruitment of staff for the M E Administration department.  Ensure that every member of the M E Administration department receives the required training and assessment to fulfil all legislative and company requirements and to develop the skills and capability required in their job.To ensure all training and assessment are recorded.  Actively encourage and manage the development of the staff through appraisal, review meetings, etc. to deliver the business objectives.  Ensure that there are appropriate professional standards of behaviour in the department.  Monitor the standards of work, working practices, productivity and standards of customer care of the members of the department.  Ensure that the members of the department are kept informed of the departmental / hotel / company targets and performance.  Promote teamwork within the department and with other departments.  Actively engage in your own personal development to benefit the business and improve your personal skills. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/MeetingEventsSalesManagerReactiveExeter_job****