Title: NEW KITCHEN MANAGER VACANCY
Webindex: 72327900
Company: Appetite 4 Recruitment
Description: NEW HEAD CHEF VACANCY CHELTENHAM ****k  ****  Bonus  Benefits This forwardthinking, dynamic and rapidly expanding restaurant brand is looking for a branded Head Chef to take on an exciting new role in a beautiful Cheltenham site. Due to the success of their current sites, their growth and the popularity of their simple, quality fresh food, this company is one of the most established restaurant brands within the UK This means that opportunities to progress and develop are endless For that great candidate, with passion, drive and ambition, the sky really is the only limit What the role requires of you; As Head Chef, you will continually strive for complete perfection in every dish, and every customer experience. As Head Chef, you will train, manage and motivate your team to achieve the highest possible standards, at all times. You will thrive on a challenge, showing determination and dedication. You will ensure that all company procedures are followed to the letter. You will maintain the highest standards even under the most severe pressure, and high volumes. You will have the charisma, personality and passion to inspire your team to achieve greatness. What will make you perfect for the job; A solid and progressive career history within a quality restaurant brand. Unquestionable ambition, passion and enthusiasm for your position and company. The ability to work, alongside the General Manager, to create and maintain high standards. Full working knowledge of P Ls, GPs, labour control, forecasting and a strong desire to beat all budgets set for you. You must have management experience in highvolume, fresh food focussed, branded restaurants. What is offered in return; A highly competitive salary A market leading bonus and benefit package Unlimited opportunities for personal growth, development and promotion A career with one of the UK's 'Best Companies to Work for' If this sounds like the role for you, apply now This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/NEWKITCHENMANAGERVACANCY_job****