Title: Director of Golf & Leisure  De Vere Venues Ltd ?? Wokefield Park
Webindex: 72437939
Company: i resourcer
Description: Director of Golf & Leisure  De Vere Venues Ltd  Wokefield Park WokefieldPark is a unique venue set in the rural Berkshire countryside. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Director of Golf & Leisure who will be responsible for Golf Operations, Golf Sales & Membership, Golf Professional Coaching and Liaising with Greenkeeping Contractor. Responsibilities of a Director of Golf & Leisure:  Full responsibility for all golf and leisure related matters at Wokefield Park to achieve profitable, high quality service golf & leisure offering and to ensure Health and Safety is maintained To strengthen, build and develop the Wokefield Park golf business and reputation through building sales, seeking out new marketing opportunities, control of costs and resources of all golf teams, and the improvement of operating procedures Achieve budgeted revenue for the golf and leisure operation through continued promotion and growth across all revenue streams such as green fees, membership, golf operations, tuition, and corporate golf events Develop and deliver a coordinate sales and marketing plan  Manage recruitment and retention of Golf and Leisure Memberships Benefits included for a Director of Golf & Leisure:  25 days holidays plus bank holidays  Private Medical Insurance Scheme  Contributory Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family & Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. The ideal candidate will be organised, an excellent communicator with exceptional attention to detail and the passion to go the extra mile for our customers. Previous experience in a similar role is essential. If you are interested in the role of Director of Golf & Leisure apply now by forwarding your current CV to Janie Coleman together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space  a forward thinking business with personality & creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. WokefieldParkoffers two totally different centres in both style and feel: the spacious, ultramodern, purposebuilt Executive Centre and the traditional Mansion House. The venue offers **** meeting rooms and **** ensuite bedrooms. Also available, a championship golf course, indoor pool, mini gym and spa.