Title: General Manager  Jacobs Post, Burgess Hill
Webindex: 71276465
Company: Great Traditional Pubs
Description: General Manager  Jacobs Post, Burgess Hill The Jacobs Post in Burgess Hill is a fantastic one floor pub. A mini investment **** year ago transformed this business into a truly great, traditional pub. Situated on the busy high street in this affluent Surrey town centre. The Jacobs Post has a very busy lunchtime trade with customers enjoying a few drinks and some great food. However, Thursday to Saturday nights this becomes the place to visit and enjoy music, dancing and late drinks for the younger crowd. A really diverse business that the right person will have a great time managing. The successful applicant will be an experienced General Manager from a similar style of business and show they can consistently deliver weekly net wet sales of **** net food sales in excess of **** You will need to be able to demonstrate fantastic customer service skills and creating a great atmosphere within the venue. Part of our 'Great Traditional Pubs' segment, these pubs are your local on the High Street, open all day and every day and able to understand the changing atmosphere as the day progresses into night. This is the pub offer that is right for all, whatever the customer is looking for  Sky Sport, music, fun and drinks with friends, a working lunch or just the chance to take a break and recharge the batteries. General Manager  What we want We are looking for General Managers who can demonstrate the passion and commitment to succeed in this highenergy, revitalised business. After all, we're not just a leading pub and hospitality group: we're an innovative and passionate team, with big ambitions for the future. Our General Managers are people who have great entrepreneur style with a passion for driving their business forward; sales driven but cost aware, always one step ahead of their local competition and driven to deliver the best possible experience for their customers. You will be able to think on your feet and outside of the box and enjoy the freedom to try new ideas that will grow your sales and be the best pub in your local market. As a General Manager you will have responsibility and accountability for: Growing sales every day Being proud of your people Keeping your pub legal and your customers safe Investing in the future of the company by being profitable Delivering fantastic experiences for every customer on every visit. General Manager salary and benefits In return, as a General Manager, you will receive: Competitive salary Uncapped bonus scheme **** day's holiday Single private health care cover Stake holder pension scheme Extensive training and career progression opportunities Individual incentives This could be a fantastic opportunity for a General Manager to work in an environment that is fun as well as challenging with the training and development to take your career along the path of your choice  so come and talk to us. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GeneralManagerJacobsPostBurgessHill_job****