Title: Front Office Manager  Operations
Webindex: 68692946
Company: Support Services Group
Description: D H Recruitment are proud to be working with this multiple franchisee of InterContinental Hotels Group. We are looking for an experienced Front Office/Operations Manager to be based at their Head Office in Reading. You will be responsible for day to day operational and financial control and support to individual branded hotel properties within the group. A substantial amount of administrative and financial control is required in this role. You will need to be a very effective financial administrator with strong organisational skills. You will also be required to ensure that the hotels are brand compliant and previous experience within an Intercontinental Hotels Group branded property will be an advantage. Ideal candidates will have had previous or current senior front office and or hotel financial administration background. There is substantial day to day variety with respect to issue and problem resolution, and ensuring that all hotels are reporting on a daily as well as periodic basis with respect to their performance and other criteria. You will be required to ensure that all daily and periodic reporting by other hotels is complied with and checked by yourself before presentation to the Group MD. You will report daily to the Group MD in what is essentially a micro managed financial operational Head Office environment. You will also be responsible for checking financial reports and processed payrolls from the hotels within the group, in addition to undertaking the payroll input for one of the hotels to our payroll processing manager. Previous similar experience will be considered a strong advantage You will be reporting to the Group Managing Director and supporting him fully in an organisation which has strong emphasis on operational and financial control. Your familiarity with hotel software packages such as Micros Fidelio Opera will be an advantage. Hours of work are Monday to Friday ****  **** with occasional visits to other properties within the group if required D H Recruitment does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. We are acting as a Recruitment Agency in relation to this role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FrontOfficeManagerOperations_job****