Title: Leisure Club Assistant Manager Gravesend upto ****k  Bonuses
Webindex: 67257674
Company: Berkeley Scott Pubs, Bars Restaurants
Description: Assistant Manager Required ONE OF THE UK s LEADING LEISURE BRANDS Salary: UP TO ****k Bonuses Location: Gravesend, Kent Areas An Assistant Manager position has become available within one of the countries leading leisure companies. This well established leisure facility, compromises of a caf, bar and entertainment area for the whole family and groups of friends to enjoy in a relaxed atmosphere. This is an excellent opportunity to join this growing company with great career opportunities and one which allows you to develop your own individual style to enhance the customer experience. We are looking for an experienced Assistant Managers in the Gravesend, Kent areas who can think out of the box, are passionate about customer service and driving sales forward as well as being comfortable and confident in managing large teams and undertaking some financial responsibilities. The starting salary for the successful candidate is paying up to **** plus bonus and other great benefits. With a strong focus on staffmanagement, team development and service standards, you will be expected to lead the team from the front being exceptionally hands on whilst ensuring a proactive approach to both driving revenue and sales activity forward. The ideal candidate will possess the following: Bright and bubbly personality and be able to engage with customers comfortably Have a passion for the industry Experience working in a fast paced, high volume environment Happy to build up strong relationships with regular customers who visit the operation several times a week Be ambitious and keen to progress The ability to make a customers experience enjoyable from start to finish Have excellent organisational skills A proactive approach to assisting with marketing the company. Proven experience of developing and motivating a team Background in hospitality, leisure or retail with several multifunctional operations under one roof  Ten Pin bowling, motorway services, casinos, restaurants etc. In order to ensure your enquiry with regards to this position is dealt with quickly, please send in an uptodate copy of your Curriculum Vitae in a Word Document format to parmjit.kudhailberkeleyscott.co.uk Due to high responses, only successful candidates will be contacted. Berkeley Scott is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.