Title: GENERAL MANAGER  RESTAURANT CHAIN
Webindex: 68504655
Company: Detail 2 Leisure
Description: Exciting Restaurant Manager / General Management opportunity working for one of the UK s leading branded restaurant chains. This role has an uncapped bonus potential. We are looking for a driven Restaurant Manager with a similar branded background within a leading branded restaurant or foodled pub who is looking for their next exciting challenge. The Company: Fantastic opportunity to work for a dynamic and innovative company that really does recognise that their people are at the forefront of their success. As a manager at one of their restaurants, you re never a strict boss, a Head Office robot or a formfiller. Job Role  General Manager  Restaurant Chain: As the Restaurant Manager / General Manager, your role will be to ensure the operating your restaurant to achieve maximum sales and profit by having motivated and skilled staff who deliver a delightful customer experience. As the Restaurant Manager / General Manager, your key responsibilities will include: Recruiting, training and developing your team to achieve their personal best. Leading positively by example. Setting targets with clear standards and time scales. To actively market and promote your business. To develop your business by continually seeking opportunities to increase sales and improve service anticipating changes and planning accordingly. To assist in controlling the financial performance of the business, seeking to exceed agreed sales and profit targets and achieving agreed margins. Key Attributes  General Manager  Restaurant Chain: We are looking for Restaurant Managers who will “walk the walk” in taking care of their team. We are looking for people with commitment, drive and passion. Ideally you will currently be a successful manager with a customer focused restaurant / foodled pub background. You will be a team player with the desire to develop yourself and those around you. Detail****Leisure is a division of Detail **** Group Limited and acts as an employment agency. We are the chosen recruitment partner for many of the UK s leading hospitality & leisure companies.