Title: Commis Chef  Leeds
Webindex: 68553001
Company: SOLID STAFF
Description: Salary: **** Per Annum Location: Leeds, West Yorkshire Contract Length:Temporary Company: Solid Staff Contract Hours: Fulltime Job Description: This quality, multi award winning Yorkshire hotel is looking to recruit enthusiastic Commis Chefs This elegant establishment is set in its own grounds and has been lovingly restored to create a hotel with lots of charm and character and boasts a range of dining outlets. The formal restaurant is rosette accredited and serves fine French and English influenced cuisine. A second restaurant has a less formal atmosphere, offering guests a lighter menu to dine from. Also available are comprehensive conference and banqueting facilities which are equally as popular with corporate / business functions as wedding and private parties. With over 100 bedrooms the kitchen also caters for extensive room service facilities. It is therefore essential that all potential applicants for this Sous Chef position are experienced and comfortable working in a multi outlet establishment and has an ability to remain calm under pressure. Joining a large brigade as Commis Chef you be working within all sections of the kitchen and assisting all chefs in jobs and preparation. The establishment enjoys a fabulous reputation but is always looking to drive standards and gain further recognition, it is therefore vital that all applicants are committed individuals who have a real desire to succeed within their chosen profession. The working pattern for this position will be five days out of seven as the business requires and Commis Chef will reporting to the Head Chef.Candidates for this Commis Chef position will be experienced chefs with a passion for high standards and excellent service. A stable CV showing progression and development will prove a significant boost Benefits of this Commis Chef include: Great salary Meals on Duty Uniform provided Straight shifts where possible In line with the requirements of the Asylum & Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Documented evidence of the eligibility will be required from candidates as part of the recruitment process. &nbsp PLEASE APPLY NOW