Title: Junior Assistant Manager  Learn & Grow with the Best  Reading
Webindex: 68512619
Company: PTHR International Restaurants & Bars
Description: Are you looking for training in all areas? Looking for development progression up the ladder with one of the country's top restaurant operators? Trainee Assistant Manager / junior Assistant Manager required for leading, award winning Restaurant Bar operator. Trainee Assistant Manager / junior Assistant Manager telephone interviews now being done The Lowdown: Our client is an exciting independent company operating some of the most stylish and trendy venues throughout the country. With a growing portfolio of sites they are considered to be one of the finest businesses within the sector. Serving fresh food all day long, from business breakfasts at the start of the day through to lazy lunches and evening canaps. Each menu has been developed by their highly skilled chefs using the highest quality ingredients and are changed regularly to reflect the seasonal produce available. The delicious food is complimented by a highly acclaimed wine list, featuring over **** wines from around the world available by the glass. Beer lovers are not neglected as the drinks menu also includes niche international beers, as well as a wide selection of high quality spirits, cocktails and premium champagnes. This really is a fantastic company to work with – they have a proven track record in the development of their people they offer cutting edge training which is inspiring and different. They treat everyone at every level as individuals and aspire to create a culture of teamwork, challenge and fun Role Description Overseeing the smooth running of shifts Overseeing bar stock ordering Delivery of GP to budget Sales Marketing activities Role Requirement  Ideally we are looking for highly polished individuals Ideally looking for those that come from reputable Bar/Restaurant backgrounds Sound references from previous employers Salary Benefits ****K  Bonus  Benefits Eligibility All applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK Here at the People Tree we are not interested in wasting anyone’s time so we will only contact those candidates that we think are suitable for this role This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/JuniorAssistantManagerLearnGrowwiththeBestReading_job****