Title: PASTRY CHEF LUXURY ISLAND RESORT MALDIVES
Webindex: 70143304
Company: COREcruitment International
Description: PASTRY CHEF LUXURY ISLAND RESORT MALDIVES An excellent opportunity for an experienced, internationally trained and seasoned Pastry Sous Chef to join this small boutique group with one of their brand new luxury island Hotels and Resorts and help oversee the Pastry and Bakery kitchens on the beautiful resort The Pastry Sous chef is responsible for all pastry production and service to high standards of quality and service and needs to have a proven track record with Michelin level or equivalent fine dining training and experience, Boutique Hotel or resort background and preferably previous working experience in island resort or similar isolated and challenging locations. The role of Pastry Chef supervises plans, organizes, directs, and participates in the centralized production of highly specialized bakery and pastry menu items for the resort. Schedule, train, supervise and coordinate the work of assigned staff. Main duties are: Plans, coordinates and supervises the work activity of assigned support ensuring proper staffing and consistent quality in the preparation of bakery/pastry foods. Determines production, personnel requirements, and ensures the accuracy, quality and consistency of foods. Organize and conduct formalized training sessions for bakery staff on new and revised methods and procedures. Orient and train new bakery staff. Performs administrative activities, including the preparation of requisitions for food and supplies according to production guidelines and recipes; inventory of foods and supplies for area of assignment and evaluates quality of raw foods received and finished food products. Oversees and maintains safety and sanitary standards in production areas according to the internal standards. Ensures proper storage and labeling of food. Actively participates in menu planning and the introduction of new products that meet established standards of quality and innovation Salary: US$**** per month dep on exp plus normal Expat Package Single Status only. To apply please send detailed resume with contactable references and recent photograph to joncorecruitment.co.za for more details. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/PASTRYCHEFLUXURYISLANDRESORTMALDIVES_job****