Title: Reception Manager  Hotel  Greater Manchester
Webindex: 68676125
Company: Berkeley Scott Limited
Description: HOTEL RECEPTION MANAGER  GREATER MANCHESTER AREA  EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY LOCATION  GREATER MANCHESTER AREA SALARY: UP TO AROUND 18,000 My client, a successful, wellestablished and wellrespected hotel in the Greater Manchester area are looking for an experienced sales driven Reception Manager to lead and motivate a team of staff, implement company standards and provide an excellent level of customer service. The hotel has good conference and banqueting facilities as well as two quality restaurants serving delicious food and quality wines and beers. It is a great venue for an array of special events and functions. The hotel is a very popular wedding venue whilst also being a popular spot for business travellers to stay at. This position would ideally suit someone who is currently working in a larger hotel where there is perhaps no progression. This role is the ideal step to gaining the experience to move your career forward This is a challenging role and the ideal candidate must be happy to work in a busy environment. The candidate must be capable, ambitious and sales driven with great customer service skills. My client is looking for a Reception Manager who can drive the sales of the bedrooms and increase overall occupancy and who also is committed to enhancing the guest experience. As Reception Manager you will be responsible for the Reception Staff and the Night Porter team and will also be working closely with the Conference and Banqueting team. You must have an eye for detail and be extremely passionate about delivering top class customer service to ensure a great guest experience. Ideally this role would suit someone who is currently working as a Reception Manager of a team of around **** Receptionists in a hotel of similar size (around 50 bedrooms) and who has a proven experience of increasing bedroom sales. My client is looking for someone who can make a difference to the bottom line, is passionate about driving business forward, bringing out the best in their team and looking to grow and develop with them. Required Experience  Previous experience as a Reception Manager or Shift Leader in a similar sized hotel.  Previous experience managing the Reception, Night Porters and Bedrooms.  Proven experience of maximising bedroom occupancy.  Experience motivating, managing and developing a team.  Experience of working with a hotel management system.  Strong computer skills  Word, Excel, Power Point.  Experience of working with a hotel reservation system.  Happy to do some operational shifts.  Strong admin experience  the ability to complete all relevant paperwork, invoices etc.  Strong communication skills  both written and spoken.  Strong organisational skills and experience of the management of a hotel diary and rotas.  Be a strong problem solver.  Have a background in hotels. Salary and Benefits The salary for this role is around 18,000 depending on experience. In order to ensure your enquiry with regards to this position is dealt with quickly, please send in an uptodate copy of your Curriculum Vitae in a Word Document format to Jayne.hoskinsberkeleyscott.co.uk. If this role does not fully match your needs please visit our website, www.berkeleyscott.co.uk for similar opportunities or call us on **** **** **** Berkeley Scott is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ReceptionManagerHotelGreaterManchester_job****