Title: Nigh Host (Casual Hours)  Latimer
Webindex: 70383603
Company: De Vere Venues
Description: Night Host (Casual Hours) Latimer Place is set in **** acres of grounds in Chiltern’s countryside, overlooking the Chess Valley. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Night Host who will ensure the highest level of security is in place and protect all people on site. Responsibilities of Night Host :  Protect keys, cash, company assets  Completing the night shift procedures to the required standards  Respond to the client’s requirements and ensure they are adhered to where possible.  Maintain and monitor security systems to promote a safe and secure environment. Benefits included for a Night Host:  28 days holidays including bank holidays  Family Friends discounts across the Group  Stakeholders Pension Scheme  Meals on duty  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. You will be working in a busy environment which requires a consistency in customer service and being able to work well under pressure. Experience in a similar role is beneficial. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Night Host apply now by forwarding your current CV to Carolyn Hall together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space – a forward thinking business with personality creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundings. Latimer Place successfully combines contemporary and Victorian architecture to make it an inspiring venue for any business event. The property boasts **** high tech meeting rooms, **** new stylish design bedrooms and an indoor pool. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/NighHostCasualHoursLatimer_job****