Title: Head Chef / Kitchen Manager  La Tasca  Exeter
Webindex: 68234361
Company: La Tasca
Description: Head Chef / Kitchen Manager: Qualifications/ Experience This is an ideal first role for those seeking their first managerial postion in the kitchen with a high street chain restaurant. Good level of spoken english is essential. Strong food background, knowledge and evidence of delivering food sales and profit growth along with strong team and kitchen management skills. Head Chef / Kitchen Manager: Purpose of Role To drive food sales, quality and profit within the branded framework. Following the core/new La Tasca framework To be responsible for the food management processes and controls required to run an effective kitchen/team (which includes recipe process, service, staff rotas, team training, due diligence, stock control/profitability, food safety, HACCP, COSHH and legal compliance). Head Chef / Kitchen Manager: Principle Duties/ Responsibilities People Identify recruitment needs within the kitchen, interview, recruit and induct new team members. Updating staff training and personal files/training schedules Competent in Academia de Desarrollo training development system Conduct appraisals and produce development plans for Kitchen Team Leader and kitchen team; develop team members to Kitchen Team Leader position. Prepare for own appraisals and onetoone reviews as set. Performance manage kitchen team members and issues that may arise at regular intervals. Hold kitchen presession/debriefs as appropriate. Communicate and document menu and specification changes to team. Organise kitchen team rotas in order to deliver business targets and effectively deploy team members at critical times within budget in conjunction with the General Manager. Ensure all Kitchen Team Leaders/Members training is delivered professionally and effectively, and within the agreed timescales. Attend and participate in management meetings. Attend cookoffs and menu change meetings. Ensure all kitchen team members maintain high personal standards of cleanliness and are in correct uniform in line with company policies. Sales Marketing Ensure preparation and stock levels are maintained in line with the needs of the business. Liaise with General Manager regarding food promotions. Ensure that the cookbook specifications are followed at all times. Profit Weekly stock checks to achieve business GP% and action plans where criteria is not met. Manage the kitchen team effectively within the specified wage % to ensure effective service. Control the costs and expenditure in line with budget and targets and action plans where criteria is not met. Manage budgets effectively and review. Regular planned reviews with GM for Area Manager review. Service Quality Ensure day to day running of the kitchen, maintaining the high standards of the La Tasca brand. Ensure all team members adhere to company standards of service delivery. Report any maintenance issues immediately to the GM for Pronett actioning. Regular prebrief/debriefs with the team members FOH service teams ‘Service style’ standards criteria achieved every shift. Review food quality via debrief Compliance Ensure all team members adhere to Health Safety and Food Hygiene policies and update when and where required. Liaise professionally with EHO, PSN and other agencies, reporting back to the GM all communications. Comply with all Company policies and procedures. Comply with all sections of duediligence. If you feel you have what it takes to be our new Head Chef /Kitchen Manager, then we'd love to hear form you, so please apply by clicking the button below. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/HeadChefKitchenManagerLaTascaExeter_job****