Title: General Manager  Edwards, Wimbledon
Webindex: 72228283
Company: Bars and Venues
Description: General Manager  Edwards, Wimbledon A single floor style bar operation, open **** day per week with a closing time of midnight, The venue has a full food service operating the Bars and Venues menu. The venue has DJ Friday and Saturday evenings. The venue operates a premium cocktail and wine menu. A tremendous opportunity for a serious operator, The successful applicant will have experience in booth food and late night operations, A passion for cocktails is also essential. You will also have experience of building partnerships with licensing authorities and have experience of managing a door team. You will be able to demonstrate a clear plan for developing reasons to visit this venue throughout the week and show great ideas for growing food trade, We are looking for an experienced GM whom can network with local business to create a real hub bar in an affluent London Suburb. The energetic Bars and Venues division comprises an eclectic mix of places to go for a night out like no other. You could join a variety of leading highstreet brands, from the authentic ****s Flares to the memorable ****s Reflex and the more uptodate Label, along with numerous other oneoff clubs and retro bars  all located in prime city centres. You will need to be brilliant at creating atmosphere and welcoming the vast array of customers which we attract, ensuring that they want to stay and enjoy the night in a safe, wellrun venue  meaning that, once you come in, you ll never want to leave. General Manager  What we want: We are looking for General Managers who can demonstrate the passion and commitment to succeed in this highenergy, revitalised business. After all, we re not just a leading pub and hospitality group: we re an innovative and passionate team, with big ambitions for the future. Our General Managers are people who have great entrepreneur style with a passion for driving their business forward; sales driven but cost aware, always one step ahead of their local competition and driven to deliver the best possible experience for their customers. You will be able to think on your feet and outside of the box and enjoy the freedom to try new ideas that will grow your sales and be the best pub in your local market. As a General Manager you will have responsibility and accountability for: Growing sales every day Being proud of your people Keeping your pub legal and your customers safe Investing in the future of the company by being profitable Delivering fantastic experiences for every customer on every visit. General Manager salary and benefits In return, as a General Manager, you will receive: Competitive salary Uncapped bonus scheme **** day s holiday Single private health care cover Stake holder pension scheme Extensive training and career progression opportunities Individual incentives This could be a fantastic opportunity for a General Manager to work in an environment that is fun as well as challenging with the training and development to take your career along the path of your choice  so come and talk to us.