Title: Assistant Manager  New Opening Best of British Restaurant  Horsham
Webindex: 70144087
Company: The Edge Recruitment Ltd
Description: Assistant Manager  Best of British Restaurant  Horsham The Business This is an exciting and rare opportunity to join the most up and coming groups on the high street. With a growing portfolio of restaurants this group is very much on the up and taking the country by storm. Set in a rustic British style, there aren’t many restaurant businesses out there that will be able to compete when it comes to food quality and price. As well as this the people behind the brand are highly successful and promote a winning mentality to all team members. With unrivalled staff development and training this is a great time to join what is already a successful Each restaurant is run in such a way that you can put your stamp on the way the business is run. You will treat each customer as an individual, taking time to interact with them to promote a vibrant and fun environment. Assistant Manager  Best of British Restaurant  Horsham Who They Are Looking For An assistant manager to ensure the business is successful in front of house and other areas Profitability expectations are surpassed Promote repeat business and drive sales. Giving the restaurant a personal touch and inspiring people in your own way Individual with a non corporate approach to business running. A person who exudes confidence with team members and promotes top quality, friendly and polite customer care Assistant Manager  Best of British Restaurant  Horsham What They Are Looking For: Proven success of overseeing high volume restaurants. Determined with a drive to succeed. A passion for managing, developing and driving a large team of staff. Experience of front and back of house management. Experience with staff training, rotas, financial reporting, stock control and ordering. Experience of working within a renowned restaurant brand. Assistant Manager  Best of British Restaurant  Horsham If you have the correct experience and skills for our client, Edge Recruitment will work closely with you and prepare you for all interview stages. We understand our clients needs and can therefore ensure your interview experience is a positive one. Apply Today Edge Recruitment. Finding the best restaurant assistant managers in Horsham. Assistant Manager required for restaurant in Horsham. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerNewOpeningBestofBritishRestaurantHorsham_job****