Title: General Manager / Restaurant Manager : Proud Cabaret City
Webindex: 69470542
Company: Proud Power Ltd
Description: Now Recruiting a General Manager / Restaurant Manager Located in the heart of the city the gorgeous Proud Cabaret is known for the finest Cabaret and Burlesque along with an exquisite dining experience. We now have an exciting opportunity for the right individual to be part of the senior team as General Manager / Restaurant Manager. General Manager / Restaurant Manager experience required: You must have bar and restaurant background High level of understanding of the finer points of service on the restaurant floor Possess the relevant flair of running a Burlesque club You must be a strong team leader who will relish being responsible for varied staff including senior managers, dancers and a full brigade in the kitchen. Proven track record of understanding P L’s Previous experience at General Manager Level for at least 3 years is essential. The ideal General Manager / Restaurant Manager will be forward thinking, ambitious, responsible, punctual, have an excellent work ethic with experience in this field. Along with an eye for detail, and most importantly you must know how to reach targets and what a deadline is. You will have to be target driven and excel working under pressure. Good organisational skills are key in this fast paced company; you will be liaising directly with the managing director on all levels of operations and business. We are seeking a General Manager who is driven by targets with an ability to stay focused. You will be responsible for running your own budgets. Attitude, charisma and personality are a must. If you think you are the right person for this role please send you CV via the ‘apply now’ button with your covering letter. You need to show proven track record in this industry with references. Salary, depending on experience. You must have the right to work in the UK. Due to high volume of applications only selected candidates will be contacted. Good luck This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/GeneralManagerRestaurantManagerProudCabaretCity_job****