Title: Front Office Manager  International Hotel Group  Forward Progression
Webindex: 71845755
Company: JAP Associates
Description: Company Information: Our client is progressive International Hotel Group they have a broad range of hotels and have recently added to their portfolio with expansion plans for the future. They are currently recruiting for a Front Office Manager to be based at their busy large scale Corporate Hotel based in Hampshire. The hotel has excellent facilities to attract clients from all market segments with a strong focus on corporate clients midweek and Leisure at weekends. This role comes with excellent forward career progression for the right candidate. Job description: As Front Office Manager you role will be responsible for day to day management of the front office department and team which includes, Reception and Night Team. Your role will involve developing and implementing strategies to improve efficiency and increase sales and total room revenue alongside the Revenue Manager so previous exposure to reservations will be advantageous. You will be working to brand standards and targets and a key part of this role will be to ensure these are met and achieved across the front office operation. The role will also involve being part of the management team where you will be involved in the strategy as well as the operational aspects of running front office. However this is also a very hands on role due to the nature of the operation. Ideal Background: It is essential you have previous experience within a Corporate Hotel Environment within Front Office at a supervisory level and have excellent communication skills both verbally and written. You must also be able to demonstrate strong leadership skills and have the ability to lead a team and encourage your team to achieve sales from up selling and cross selling across the business. Our client is seeking a candidate that also has a good understanding of reservations including rev par, maximising room sales and forecasting. Previous experience of Opera and Fidelio is would be advantageous. This is an ideal role for an Assistant Front Office Manager or Reception Manager looking for a step up. Salary and Benefits: Our client is offering a very competitive salary of ****  **** for this permanent role of Front Office Manager along with an array of Corporate Benefits and Career Progression within the company. In order to process your application please forward you CV in word document to Justine.Perryjapassociates.co.uk JAP Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. In accordance and compliance with the “Asylum and Immigration Act ****” all applicants applying for the above position will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to live and work in the United Kingdom.