Title: Assistant Manager  Restaurant And Bar  Career Opportunity  Aberdeen
Webindex: 68590868
Company: PTHR International Restaurants & Bars
Description: Are you an Assistant manager looking for progression, training a direct route up the ladder? Assistant Manager telephone interviews now being done  Apply now Assistant Manager Restaurant And Bar  Aberdeen Employer Details – Assistant Manager Restaurant And Bar  Aberdeen The Lowdown Award winning company with sites the length breadth of the UK. Investors in People Accredited, nationally recognized and renowned for training and able to provide careers from Junior Asst Manager to Operations Director level. Several different household restaurant brand names within their portfolio – most operating in the themed/branded restaurant sector. Assistant Manager  Aberdeen Role Description As Assistant Manager of this Restaurant Bar you will be responsible for the day to day running of the operation. You will be responsible for leading, motivating and inspiring a large and well organised team. This is a busy operation  especially so at peak times and in your role as Assistant Manager you will be keen to lead from the front lending your experience and cocoordinating the front and back of house operations. Assistant Manager  Aberdeen Required Experience As Assistant Manager you will ideally be from a branded – Restaurant Bar background You will be fully acquainted in health and safety legislation and be a systems and standards guru. You will have a passion for getting things done. You’re ambitious and would like to see yourself climbing the ladder within a company that recognises people as their greatest asset. You’re a Manager who enjoys the buzz of running shifts and love spending time setting and reviewing goals for your staff and supervisors. Above all you are sales hungry  you just love the thrill of running those reports at the end of a busy night to see how much you’ve done. An Assistant Manager who thrives on sales and marketing activities  indeed you have written a few marketing plans in the past, which have worked out really well This Assistant Manager position is a spotlight role  where hard work and tenacity will not go unnoticed. Assistant Manager Aberdeen Remuneration ****  **** per annum Assistant Manager  Aberdeen Eligibility You must be eligible to live and work in the UK. www.thepeopletree.co.uk Here at the People Tree we are not interested in wasting anyone’s time so we will only contact those candidates that we think are suitable for this role This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerRestaurantAndBarCareerOpportunityAberdeen_job****