Title: Assistant Chief Engineer
Webindex: 68707263
Company: The Hotel Russell
Description: The Company Principal Hayley Hotels and Conference Venues is a collection of ****3 stunning city hotels and dedicated conference and training venues, situated across the UK and Europe including London, Birmingham, Manchester and Edinburgh. Assistant Chief Engineer Role We are looking for a strong team leader to assist in the running of two busy engineering departments. Reporting to the Chief Engineer you will be responsible for the day to day operation of the departments. Duties include planning staff rotas, allocation of bedroom and general daily works and the upkeep of records and statutory compliance. The successful candidate will assist the Chief Engineer with Health and Safety planning and reports and the control of outside contractors. Also, you will have a good working knowledge of boilers, chillers, and associated controls. Knowledge of mechanical and electrical equipment including pumps, motors and plumbing systems will be required as is an ability to fault find on control panels. A good communicator is required to work with guests and staff at all levels. You should have a positive approach and be prepared to cover shifts during cases of holidays or sickness at short notice. A working knowledge of the Opera reporting system would be an advantage. The Ideal Assistant Chief Engineer The ideal Candidate will have: An excellent command of English 2  **** years in a similar capacity within a 4 star property Good leadership qualities and communication skills Ability to communicate at all levels and good organizational and interpersonal skills The Benefits In return we offer competitive salary and employee benefits, such as: Annual leave entitlement of 23 days plus **** bank holidays Discounted accommodation Long Service Awards Training opportunities Uniforms and meals on duty provided Incentives including recommend a friend recruitment bonus Staff Consultative Committee Meetings  we take time to hear opinions Should you feel that you meet the criteria above, please forward a copy of your CV together with your salary expectations to Adriana Piekarewicz at russell.recruitmentprincipalhayley.com.