Title: Operations Support Manager  International Hotel Group Day Time Hours
Webindex: 66573704
Company: JAP Associates
Description: Company Information: Our client is progressive International Hotel Group they have a broad range of hotels and have recently added to their portfolio with expansion plans for the future. They are currently recruiting for a Head Office Operations Support Manager to be part of the Head Office Function which will involve be based on property at the company s flagship **** Star Deluxe Hotel in Berkshire. You will also be expected to travel to some of the hotels within the group at least twice per year. The role will be Monday to Friday 9am until 6pm, weekends off Job description: As Operations Support Manager you will be responsible for the day to day operational support and financial control for all the hotels within the group. The role involves a substantial amount of administration and finance control which will involve checking financial reports and processed payroll from the hotels within the group. A key part of this role will involve ensuring the hotels are brand compliant so previous experience within a Corporate Hotel Group is preferred and knowledge of Opera front office system is essential. This is an office based role the hours are Monday to Friday 9am  6pm with weekends off. However flexibility will be required in line with the business. Ideal Background: The ideal candidate for this role will be a similar Operations Support Management role with some of the key responsibilities above. This role could also suit an experienced Front Office Manager or Front Office Controller looking for the next step in the career. You must be highly organised and be able to demonstrate excellent attention to detail and communication skills. It is essential you have experience of hotel software packages such as Micros Fidelio Opera.Knowledge of Payroll would be advantageous but not essential as training will be provided for the right candidate. Salary and Benefits Our client is offering a very competitive salary of ****  **** depending on experience for this role of Operations Support Manager along with other Corporate Benefits within the Group. In order to process your application please forward you CV in word document to justine.perryjapassociates.co.uk JAP Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. In accordance and compliance with the “Asylum and Immigration Act ****” all applicants applying for the above position will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to live and work in the United Kingdom.