Title: Reception Shift Leader  International Hotel Brand  Live In an Option
Webindex: 69638789
Company: JAP Associates
Description: Company Information: Our client is a Leading International Hotel Group who can offer excellent career progression for the right candidate. They are currently recruiting for a Reception Shift Leader to be based at their busy **** Star Hotel which is a popular choice for both corporate and leisure guests. The hotel is situated with close links to Birmingham and other major towns close by. The hotel has over 100 bedrooms with restaurant and bar facilities for guests to use whilst staying at the hotel. Job description: As Reception shift leader the role you will involve working with the busy reception operation, ensuring brand standards and excellent customer service is delivered and maintained at all times. Your role will involve supervising the shift, staff training and general reception duties including check in and check and taking reservations when the reservations department is closed. The hours will be based on working various shifts including weekends. Ideal Background: It is essential you have worked within a Corporate Hotel environment within the UK as a Receptionist and have knowledge of Fidelio and ideally Opera. You must also be able to demonstrate outstanding customer service attention to detail and communication skills and enjoy working in a fast paced environment. This is an ideal role for experienced receptionist looking for a step up or a reception supervisor looking for a new challenge within an International hotel brand. Salary and Benefits: The salary for this permanent role of Reception Shift Leader is ****  **** depending on experience. Live in can also be arranged closeby for a small charge. In order to process your application please forward you CV in word document to justine.perryjapassociates.co.uk JAP Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. In accordance and compliance with the “Asylum and Immigration Act ****” all applicants applying for the above position will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to live and work in the United Kingdom.