Title: Senior Assistant Manager  Burger King  Mcr Piccadilly
Webindex: 69731977
Company: SSP
Description: About SSP  The Food Travel Experts SSP is the leading dedicated operator of food and beverage brands in travel locations worldwide. We have a long heritage in food and travel, with over 60 years experience in the industry. All our operations feature a mix of food and beverage brands tailored specifically for each location. SSP employs **** staff across 32 countries, and serves millions of customers every week. For further career information, development routes and application details please go to w w w . s s p c a r e e r s . c o . u . k The Role Key Accountabilities Joining SSP as a Senior Assistant Manager in one of the biggest brands in the UK and indeed the World is a role that offers great benefits and opportunities to grow and, for the right people, the chance to take your career to a whole new level within SSP. This vacancy is based in our busy Burger King unit at Manchester Piccadilly train station. You will use your previous experience to provide crucial support to the team, managing the daily operation of a busy 'quick service' operation. Reporting to a Multi Unit Manager, you will be responsible for every aspect affecting the P L  driving sales and controlling costs, whilst upholding the outstanding levels of customer service and operational standards for which Burger King is internationally renowned. You will be managing a team of up to 25 direct reports, coaching, mentoring and motivating them to develop their skills and provide exceptional levels of service. Also you will be passionately ensuring the quality of products served to our customers exceeds their expectations and meets strict 'brand' standards, carrying out various checks and audits of your processes and procedures. Skills Experience To be successful in this role, you will need to have  previous experience of managing a diverse team of people in a highvolume, branded quick service restaurant (or similar) environment.  Knowledge of the standards and structured processes required to work within a globally recognised brand.  An awareness and previous experience of the financial controls required when running a unit  cost control and P L reviews.  Demonstrable experience in coaching and developing your team to deliver against financial and operational targets.  A passion for delivering great customer service and exceeding expectations. Local Site Brand Information 'Burger King' and the 'Whopper' are two of the most recognisable names around the world and on the high street. Burger King's flamedgrilled cooking method supports its claim that customers can 'taste the difference', every item is freshly prepared, quickly and cheerfully served. Manchester Piccadilly station is a busy and vibrant environment where we also operate other popular brands such as Upper Crust, Pasty Shop, Mayfield Bar, Delice De France and Bread Box. There's a mix of our regular customers, other retail staff who have their breakfast or lunch with us and lots new people passing through, so a chance to impress new customers every day, run a successful business whilst being part of a larger SSP management team. Benefits Incentives In return for your skills and experience, we offer you a rewarding and vibrant working environment, real and achievable career opportunities and excellent training and development to enhance your existing skills. You'll receive a competitive salary and bonus incentive (up to 15% of your salary on achievement of KPI objectives), pension scheme, 28 days holiday, life assurance, free meal on duty, discounts off SSP brands and numerous other retailers and services, child care vouchers, cycle to work scheme and lots of opportunities to develop your career in to different brands or more senior management. Please note that when you click 'Apply Now', you will be redirected to our talent management system where you will be asked to upload your CV and complete an online application. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SeniorAssistantManagerBurgerKingMcrPiccadilly_job****