Title: Waiter/ess  Meetings and Private Dining
Webindex: 69183446
Company: One Aldwych
Description: This privately owned hotel has brilliant contemporary interiors, a happening Lobby Bar and two fabulous restaurants  Axis at One Aldwych and Indigo. The hotel boasts a stunning chlorine free swimming pool with underwater music, a stateoftheart gym with dedicated personal trainers, cuttingedge technology and spa treatments from the prestigious skincare house, Natura Biss. For formal meetings or beautiful events there are seven sleek contemporary spaces, in addition to a luxurious private screening room. Coupled with the hotel s private contemporary art collection, which consists of over **** pieces, and thoughtful, unpretentious service, One Aldwych is truly an exciting place to stay… Meetings and Private Dining are now looking for a Waiter/ess. This is a fantastic opportunity for someone who is looking to make their mark in a dynamic F&B outlet. The successfully recruited Waiter/ess will have excellent interpersonal skills and will be a crucial part of the team. This is an excellent opportunity to grow and develop within a top 5 star team. Your Duties will include: Ensuring regular clients are known and greeted Have complete knowledge of the menu and wine list Ensure highest standards of customer care at all time, providing a friendly, courteous and professional service at all time Understanding the flow of service in order to anticipate whenever possible To be successfully you will: Previous experience within a fivestar hotel or luxury environment Be a good team player Have an excellent command of the spoken English Be well groomed and presented Have the right to work in the United Kingdom We will offer you: A very competitive salary Season ticket loan Meals on duty Uniform and uniform care Performance review and personal development plan Internal transfer & promotion opportunities **** to 32 days holiday per annum, increasing **** day annually up to 4 years Yearly hotel stay with dinner in the outlet of your choice Support in the development of your career One Aldwych is renowned as an employer that invests in its staff and provides fantastic training and development opportunities to help develop your career. 2012 Best Employers in Hospitality Awards, June 2012 One Aldwych is named one of the “top 50 employers in England and Wales” in the annual 2012 Best Employers in Hospitality Awards. The hotel was the runnerup in the Best Large Independent Hotel Employer category.