Title: Assistant Pub Manager  The Winning Post, Windsor
Webindex: 69732147
Company: The Upham Pub Company
Description: Company Information : The Upham Pub Company is a pub company like no other. We are a company that specialises in fabulous pubs, expertly designing and furnishing each one of them to suit the setting and the surroundings they are in. The ‘management’ of each pub is left in the capable hands of our managers so that quick decisions can be made when they need to be. Whilst no two pubs are the same, they all have the passion to deliver excellent food and exemplary service – at all times. The Winning Post is our flagship pub with an ‘aspiring’ award winning restaurant and **** beautifully designed bedrooms. The 18th Century building, which houses our bar and restaurant, has many cosy nooks and crannies and with its retained stone floor and huge open fire, it has lost none of its character. The pub has a private dining area suitable for parties of up to **** and plenty of space in the bar area and beer garden to eat, drink and chat. Job description: As Assistant Manager for this outstanding pub you will be responsible for the day to day running of this busy operation in the Managers absence, ensuring a high level of service and standards are delivered at all times. A key focus of this role will be managing our extremely demanding, busy restaurant. This is a ‘hands on’ role and requires an individual with personality who can build strong relationships with the local clientele and also attract customers from further afield. You must also be a strong leader, able to lead by example and ensure excellent service is delivered at all times, through your team. Background: It is imperative that you have a strong restaurant background either in a recognised gastro pub or a strong food led operation. You must also be able to demonstrate excellent attention to detail and leadership skills. Along with the ability to drive sales and manage costs we are looking for someone to join the team who can demonstrate an understanding ofmarketing, someone who can help devise and implement marketing ideas and social media strategies to promote the pub. If you are an individual who is driven to succeed, has a passion for excellent service delivery, uses your initiative in any given situation and has a positive thinking, no problem approach to work – then this could be the ideal position for you. Salary and Benefits: We are offering a generous salary between **** and **** (depending on experience) for this position plus a generous gratuities payment. Training will be provided if required. Accommodation for a short term period may also be available. This is an excellent step for someone who has aspirations to run their own pub in 12 months time. With exciting growth plans, we are looking for individuals to join us who can demonstrate managerial qualities and the ability to grow with us – as we grow. So if you want to make the most of your skills and experience and use them to build and develop an exceptional business – hand in hand with us  all the while maintaining exceptionally high standards – then we want to hear from you. In accordance and compliance with the “Asylum and Immigration Act ****” all applicants applying for the above position will be required to provide evidence of their eligibility to live and work in the United Kingdom. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantPubManagerTheWinningPostWindsor_job****