Title: Kitchen Manager  Reading
Webindex: 67392703
Company: Ember Pub Dining
Description: Working at Ember Pub Dining Do you value the more civilised things in life  like cask conditioned real ales, fine wines, superb quality gastro pub food and modern surroundings? Then look no further than the at Ember Pub Dining. We've got exactly the workplace you're looking for. Great British pub food and fine cask ales Ember Pub Dining is all about an affordable, high quality dining experience whilst also still offering a retreat for those just looking for a cosy drink. So there's no better place to master the art of keeping Cask Marque certified real ales, or the skills to prepare and serve delicious, seasonal pub food. Welcome to Ember Pub Dining Grosvenor House, Reading The Ember Inn in Grosvenor House is special because it is one of the most popular pub restaurants in Emmer Green, which is just a short distance from Caversham and Tilehurst. It is a very popular and busy Ember Inn delivering high food volumes as part of the exciting new Ember Pub Dining format. We are looking for a Kitchen Manager who has a proven track record of delivering a branded menu in a busy kitchen and has excellent leadership and communication skills. The kitchen manager will be responsible for every aspect within the kitchen from, team development, ordering and stocks to ticket times and food quality and the operating standards. You must be able to manage stock control and ordering, whilst ensuring the highest standards of hygiene and due diligence are met. We offer an attractive bonus scheme to further enhance your reward package and there is a robust career path in place should you want to develop even further in the Company. We would expect you to have significant experience in a Kitchen role and have the ability to work under pressure. Ember Pub Dining aren t just famous for their fabulous cellars with their cask marque real ales. They re also justly famous for the marvellous products of their kitchens. So, when you hear our discerning real ale clientele waxing lyrical over a magnificent effusion of caramelized pear bursting on the taste buds , chances are they ll be talking about what s on their plate What you ll do in this role It s true that our cellar is famous at Ember Pub Dining. But our kitchen is just as big a seller As Kitchen Manager, you ll be helping to keep it that way by maintaining our incredibly high standards. As Kitchen Manager, you ll be responsible for stock control, ordering and managing your team in the kitchen. Getting everyone to step up to the plate As Kitchen Manager, you ll make sure that every dish is sheer perfection as it makes its way from kitchen to table You ll be responsible for training and motivating your staff ensuring a perfect blend in the kitchen You ll be responsible for food stock control and ordering You ll be accountable for the kitchen s financial performance You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding managerial career with us Please be aware that this position will require you to hold a full driving licence and you must have continued and unlimited access to a vehicle. What will make you perfect for the job? Kitchen Manager / team leader experience in a high volume, branded environment A passion for delivering great food and an obsessive attention to detail ensuring that every dish that leaves the kitchen leaves a guest satisfied Leadership qualities with the enthusiasm and charisma to inspire your team Attention to the maintenance of profit margins Strict about conforming to health and hygiene regulations Excellent communication skills Enthusiasm, a strong work ethic and a hunger to learn Minimum level 2 food safety (and preferably higher) What we offer Highly competitive salary Attractive Kitchen Manager bonus package Opportunityto join a defined contribution pension scheme 5 weeks paid holiday Other lifestyleflexible benefits Apply now if you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places.