Title: Assistant Manager Delice de France Excel London to ****K  Bonus
Webindex: 68233506
Company: SSP
Description: About SSP  The Food Travel Experts SSP have been delivering world class food and beverage experiences across the globe for more than 60 years. We operate a wide portfolio of owned and franchised food beverage brands in travel and retail locations across 32 countries and employ over **** people  our 'food travel experts' We are looking for an Assistant Manager for our Delice de France sites at the ExCel Centre in Docklands. The Role Key Accountabilities ExCeL London (Exhibition Centre London) is an exhibitions and conference centre in the London Borough of Newham. As an Assistant Manager of the high sales Delice de France stores at Excel Centre London, you will work closely with the Multi Unit Manager to manage the daily store operation and be responsible for delivering operational and financial results and high standards in customer service. You will also be responsible for motivating and developing your team, recruiting, training and managing performance, ensuring excellent product quality and that the unit is staffed appropriately for business needs. You'll also be responsible for ensuring compliance with health safety, food hygiene and licensing requirements. Skills Experience To be successful in this Assistant Manager role, you will need to have experience of successfully managing a similar outlet such as a branded bakery or coffee retail outlet with set standards and operating procedures. You will be commercially aware with good planning and analysis skills, able to understand a P L and confident communication skills. You will have managed a team and have examples of motivating and developing your people, managing their performance where necessary and improving individual and overall team performance. You will also be able to demonstrate competent management of 'brand' or company standards, having good audit and/or mystery shopper results to show for it Benefits Incentives In return for your skills and experience, we offer you a rewarding and vibrant working environment, real and achievable career opportunities and excellent training and development to enhance your existing skills. You'll receive a competitive salary and bonus incentive (up to 15% of your salary on achievement of KPI objectives), pension scheme, 28 days holiday, life assurance, free meal on duty, discounts off SSP brands and numerous other retailers and services, child care vouchers, cycle to work scheme and lots of opportunities to develop your career in to different brands or more senior managemen. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerDelicedeFranceExcelLondonto****KBonus_job****