Title: Sous Chef for PanAsian Restaurant, Crowne Plaza — Kensington
Webindex: 68837726
Company: IHG
Description: What's your passion? Whether you're into tennis, shopping or karaoke, at IHG we're interested in YOU. At IHG we employ people who apply the same amount of care and passion to their jobs as they do their hobbies  people who put our guests at the heart of everything they do. And we're looking for more people like this to join our friendly and professional team. Crowne Plaza London Kensington hotel is an elegant 162 bedroomed, **** deluxe hotel which has recently undergone a fantastic renovation. Crowne Plaza London Kensington facilities include a boutique style lobby, a prestigious PanAsian Umami restaurant, lively bar, relaxed club lounge, five conference rooms and a fitness centre. As the Sous Chef, you'll contribute to the smooth running of the hotel kitchen by assisting the Head Chef in areas of profit management, stock and wastage control, food standards and training and development of the kitchen brigade. You will prepare and present food to a high standard, maintain hygiene practices and actively develop your kitchen skills and knowledge. As Sous Chef you will be responsible for managing and motivating your team. You will be required to ensure that all staff within your department are adequately trained and developed in line with company policy. You will also be responsible for the Recruitment and Selection of your team and for managing any Employee Relations issues with the support of the Human Resources Department. You will actively guide and direct the whole team to ensure consistency of brand standards and a high level of performance and service delivery. This position requires supervisory experience. In return we'll give you a generous financial and benefits package including uniform, free meals on duty, pension scheme, fitness club membership, hotel discounts worldwide, access to a wide variety of discount schemes and the chance to work with a great team of people. Most importantly, we'll give you the room to be yourself. At IHG we are committed to developing our team and managing our talent and would encourage internal as well as external candidates to apply for any of our vacancies. So what's your passion? Please get in touch and tell us how you could bring your individual skills to IHG. We are an equal opportunities employer. If you are experiencing trouble logging on to the IHG careers website, please email your CV and Cover letter directly to lonke.hrihg.com . This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SousChefforPanAsianRestaurantCrownePlazaKensington_job****