Title: Restaurant and Bar Manager
Webindex: 69473416
Company: Mercure
Description: . Restaurant and Bar Manager  Mercure London Bridge Hotel We are currently recruiting a Restaurant and Bar Manager to join our team. Overview of duties • Ensures the high standard of services provided for guests and the attainment of the department s qualitative and quantitative targets • Conveys the hotel s image and atmosphere through his/her exemplary attitude, warm and friendly welcome, availability and frequent presence in the field • Manages and motivates the teams in order to improve sales and the quality of F B services • Improves the department s results by increasing sales and the productivity of F B points of sale Duties to include:  Directs and co ordinates all activities in the Food and Beverage service outlets in terms of operation, and administration.  Proven results in developing strategies for revenue and profit improvement.  Extensive knowledge of food safety, hygiene and tobacco laws, workplace health and safety rules and regulations ensuring compliance at all times.  Effective leadership of all department heads of departments.  Assists and monitor budget with an emphasis on controlling wage costs.  Monitor invoicing and cash operations and daily activity reports.  Integrate, train and supervise all food and beverage staff. Spotlight on Personality:  Good Financial Management.  Excellent interpersonal skills  Outgoing personality and service minded.  Teaching and motivational skills.  Attention to detail and quality.  Flexibility and Responsiveness.  Listening and communication skills.  Physical resilience  To have a good working level of spoken English.  Computer literate, and a good knowledge of MICROS system. Training will be provided as well as uniform, meals on duty and other benefits A good level of English, both written and spoken is essential and flexibility is required as there will be a combination of early morning, evening and weekend shifts. Great opportunities for your career development, access to an inhouse job offer site, cross profession cross business link. All employees participate in an employee bonus scheme which provides you with the opportunity to earn an extra salary. Get up to 13 months pay for only 12 months work Anticipated Start Date: **** This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/RestaurantandBarManager_job****