Title: Reservation Agent  Maternity Cover
Webindex: 67380234
Company: Millennium & Copthorne Hotels plc 
Description: The Millennium Hotel London Mayfair is seeking a Cluster Reservations Agent (Maternity Cover) to perform administrative duties within the Reservations Department and assist the Cluster Reservations Supervisor and Cluster Reservations Manager in the maximization of the hotel occupancy whilst maintaining budgeted revenues and profit. As Cluster Reservations Agent your Key Responsibilities Include:  Working with the Reservations team to ensure customers receive prompt, cordial attention and personal recognition.  Taking hotel reservations over the telephone and via other mediums in response to faxes and websites etc.  Processing accommodation bookings and sending detailed confirmations.  Checking the day to day arrival list to make sure those bookings are correct for guest arrivals.  Checking emails on a daily basis ensuring they are replied to within 24 hours.  Maintaining filling systems and ensuring correspondence is accurately filed and completed on a daily basis. Shift Pattern: on a rota basis between 8am and 8pm Monday to Friday, 9am to 5.30pm Saturday and Sunday. The Experience Qualifications required as Cluster Reservations Agent are:  Hotel experience in a similar environment Other Skills Required as Cluster Reservations Agent:  Excellent communication skills.  An eager enthusiasm for great customer care service and an excellent telephone manner.  Candidates must be flexible and able to cope and work under pressure.  Working Knowledge/Experience of the OPERA ORS and PMS systems is highly desirable, however all necessary training will be provided.  L iteracy, numeracy and clear written/spoken English. Millennium Copthorne Hotels is a hotel company with over **** hotels worldwide. We offer an excellent benefits package as well as great opportunities to develop and progress within the hospitality industry. We are keen to welcome applications from all sectors of society as appointments are based purely on merit If you feel that you have the experience, qualifications and skills to be Cluster Reservations Agent at the Millennium Hotel London Mayfair then apply by forwarding your up to date CV together with a covering letter to the link below. Please only apply for this position if you are currently living in and have the right to work full time in the UK with no restrictions. We are unable to apply for or transfer work visa’s or UK entry clearance on your behalf. STRICTLY No agencies  preferred suppliers will be contacted if required This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ReservationAgentMaternityCover_job****