Title: GENERAL MANAGER  RESTAURANT BAR AND GRILL (LIVE IN)
Webindex: 71405415
Company: Detail 2 Leisure
Description: Exciting General Management opportunity with this high volume, branded fresh food operation. This role offers the successful applicant the opportunity to work for a company that really does value their employees and is committed to career development. This is all about delivering quality and volume, making this an exciting, fastpaced environment. Live in accommodation is available. The Company: Our client is one of the UK s leading operators of banded bars and restaurants and are about to embark on an unprecedented period of expansion. We therefore have an exciting opportunity to join one of the company s leading fresh food concepts. This brand offers desirable surroundings and prides itself on offering their guests great quality fresh food in a comfortable and relaxed environment. It is a highly regarded brand throughout the sector and is synonymous with quality and service. They are currently looking for a driven General Manager to join the team. Job Role  General Manager  Restaurant Bar and Grill (Live In): As the General Manager, your role involves the daytoday running and development of this food led volume site. You will be expected to draw in a widespread customer base, creating a friendly and inviting atmosphere that appeals to all customers. You will also need to demonstrate entrepreneurial flair ensuring the continued growth of the business. You will be directly responsible for: Staff management and development Dominating the local market Being proactive rather than reactive to guest needs, dealing with guest comments as an opportunity not a process  acting as a host to the business Achieving targets set by the Area Manager, ensuring that maximum profitability is achieved Delivering excellent customer service Merchandising the bar and the front of house area Ensuring that all health and safety requirements are met and adhered to Key Attributes  General Manager  Restaurant Bar and Grill (Live In): The role offers the successful applicant the opportunity to be at the forefront of leading this prestigious brand forward in its continuing development. Previous restaurant management experience is essential, preferably as a general manager of a similar fresh food concept A mature approach to business People management skills  with the ability to inspire the team Financial awareness Merchandising and presentation skills Forward thinking  ability to think outside of the box Ambition to continually drive the business forward Due to excellent inhouse training, our client is committed to fulfilling career development to suit the individual s needs. Detail****Leisure is a division of Detail **** Group Limited and acts as an employment agency. We are the chosen recruitment partner for many of the UK s leading hospitality & leisure companies.