Title: Chef Manager – South West London
Webindex: 68837749
Company: Catering Academy
Description: Chef Manager Catering Academy is a young, dynamic, fresh and independent catering company and is looking for a Chef Manager who would fit this ethos. We bring innovative catering, vending and hospitality solutions to a wide range of educational, business and industry, and commercial catering services. We are very focused on service and food quality and adhere to the philosophy of ‘personally delivering excellence’. CHEF MANAGER General Duties/Responsibilities: To provide and maintain an efficient service to all areas under your control as a Chef Manager and building a strong working relationship with the client. To operate the Company’s business to meet business objectives within the framework of Best Practice following the Company’s policies and procedures. Key Duties/Responsibilities: We look for the highest standards and offer the flexibility for the Chef Manager to prepare menus and order foodstuffs The Chef Manager will be responsible for keeping cash and stock levels within the target figures set and to observe financial targets. They will monitor performance weekly/monthly by taking stock and preparing a Trading Result for their Area Manager. They will induct and train Team Academy Members, recording and supervising their performance. The Chef Manager must identify the training and development needs of their team members, making provisions for the development to be carried out. They will have the flexibility to organise special days, promoting the facilities and the Company’s name. Subsidiary Duties/Responsibilities: Carry out special duties of work outside the normal daily routine as required. Assist in the smooth running of the contract at all times, especially during times of sickness, holiday etc. Catering Academy is an equal opportunities employer. If you are interested in this hands on role with lots of opportunity to grow, please click on the 'apply now' button below; If you have not heard from us within 14 days of the closing date unfortunately you have been unsuccessful this time. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ChefManagerSouthWestLondon_job****