Title: Restaurant Manager Fantastic Four Star Hotel
Webindex: 68837757
Company: Towngate Personnel
Description:  RESTAURANT MANAGER REQUIRED  BEAUTIFUL AND MODERN FOUR STAR HOTEL  AWARD WINNING RESTAURANT SERVING FRESH LOCAL PRODUCE  FANTASTIC OPPORTUNITIES FOR PROGRESSION  We are currently seeking an experienced restaurant manager for a stunning purpose built hotel in the Chester area. The Hotel is part of an award winning national group and offers plenty of opportunities for career progression. The Restaurant has a very modern, contemporary feel and is furnished to a very high standard. The chefs also endeavour to source as much of their produce as possible from the local area and the menu changes reguarly to reflect what is in season. The Hotel is a very popular venue for both leisure and corporate customers and is busy all year round. The Hotel is also set in an idyllic location nestled perfectly in the rolling countryside. Ideal candidates must have at least **** years experience in a similar role, must have at least 1AA rosette experience and must be passionate about providing an exceptional service in exceptional surroundings. Typical duties will include:  Overseeing service on a day to day basis  Writing rotas  Training staff  Recruitment of F B staff  Ensuring the restaurant is kept clean and tidy  Ensuring SOP's are adhered to Benefits of this role include working for a well respected, stable company that will look great on your CV. Discounted accomodation for friends and family, free meals on duty and uniform provided. The salary on offer for this role is up to ****K per annum but could be slightly negotiable for the right candidate. If you would like to be considered please forward a copy of your CV to us through the link below. We look forward to hearing from you We value all applications, however due to the volume of response we are currently receiving, we are only able to contact candidates whose skills and experience closely match the requirements of our clients. In line with the requirements of the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK . As part of the recruitment process, you will be asked to provide documented evidence of eligibility. In line with the requirements of the Employment Agencies Act **** Towngate Personnel are prohibited from charging workseekers for work finding services. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/RestaurantManagerFantasticFourStarHotel_job****