Title: Sales Researcher
Webindex: 70146132
Company: QHotels
Description: Where you'll be working Set in **** acres of tranquil Lincolnshire countryside, our hotel boasts a fine dining Fish restaurant, Spa, conference centre and **** hole golf course. We're very focused on staff development and cross train our team members wherever possible to allow for flexibility and variety in their work. Our Food Beverage staff in particular benefit from excellent succession planning. We're an open and friendly team, all on first name terms with a great spirit but always focused on delivering the best in customer service. What you'll be doing As part of our Sales Office you'll be there to research and investigate leads from organisations to help generate business for Forest Pines. To fulfil this exciting role you will need to be organised, self motivated and have a fabulous telephone manner not forgetting your great sales and negotiation skills. With the support of your manager, you'll work on generating great business opportunities. The role is very target originated, being motivated by achieving tough targets is a key requirement. What you'll need To be smart and professionally presented. Excellent written and spoken English. To be able to prove you have been successful in a similar role within the industry, by exceeding your sales targets. A passionate, energetic and totally sales focused personality. Knowledge and experience of development and implementation of sales strategy. Competent Microsoft Office skills, and ideally previous knowledge of events management system for example Delphi. What you'll get A refreshingly different work experience with a business that will value your individuality and inspire you to achieve your potential, through great training and development. We're proud to have achieved the Best Places to Work in Hospitality 'Excellence in Training' Award. Last but not least a competitive salary and the following benefits. Free meal on duty Discount entitlement Pension scheme Use of leisure club Use of golf course Free parking Uniform provided This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SalesResearcher_job****