Title: Sales Advisor: Birmingham
Webindex: 72577841
Company: Strategic Five Marketing
Description: Got a sense of Adventure, then put on your hiking boots Travel & Enthusiasts Wanted  Do you love the outdoors?  Work with quality, internationally recognisable and renowned clients  Do you want to be challenged and have the opportunity for advancement? If you like the outdoors or have some experience travelling then get ready for the occupational TREK of a LIFETIME Energetic gogetters CHECK THIS OUT You will love getting your teeth into this opening because one thing is for sure YOU'LL NEVER BE BORED. To kick goals you must be a great people person who can build trusting relationships with customers and provide customer service loaded with product knowledge. You will be given guidance on how to lead and train a sales team, particularly if you are truly ambitious and seek business ownership / management. If this opportunity sounds right up your alley then we can offer you:  Ongoing sales coaching and mentoring  The opportunity to progress your career  Travel Opportunities  Business development programs  Excellent earnings based entirely on commissions and your personal performance  Most importantly a fun and positive work environment.  Competitive earnings  Passionate and Supporting company Attributes that will ensure your success in this opening:  Goal and action orientated  High level of tenacity  Strong communication skills  Enthusiasm and Motivation  Excellent communication skills  People that like to speak to others on a face to face basis If this is an opportunity you would like to sink your teeth into then apply with us at Strategic Five Marketing now If you want to maximise your earnings, we recommend attending an interview to meet with management because your initial earnings are based solely on completed customer applications. You will also be asked to spend a full observational day with a member of our company to help determine if the opening is right for you. This is part of our client's evaluation and participants will not receive compensation for their time. Due to the high demand of our growing business we place priority on individuals who are able to start ASAP. What you should do: Please send your CV with the best contact number and a cover letter explaining why you are the right candidate. Only candidates who are being short listed will be contacted for an appointment. ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE WILLING TO COMMUTE TO THE BIRMINGHAM CENTRE CITY ON A DAILY BASIS. sales marketing customer service advertising promotions direct sales field sales graduate non graduate no experience business development birmingham