Title: Assistant Manager  The Salamander
Webindex: 71528760
Company: Bath Ales
Description: Assistant Manager  The Salamander When it comes to expanding our family of pubs we only choose places whose character, location and potential all fit with what we and our customers like. With this in mind we’re looking for a talented, motivated and ambitious Assistant Manager to join our exciting team at The Salamander in Bath. It’s small, it’s snug but it’s oh so special. Historically a steak and chophouse, it now consists of a wonderfully simple bar on the ground floor and an impressive dining room complete with galley kitchen upstairs – renowned for its imaginative and varied menu. Our Assistant Manager have an integral role that work closely with our General Manager to oversee the operation of the pub and take on responsibilities in the absence of the General Manager. You should be able to ensure that service will run smoothly as well as providing exceptional customer service. Experience in assisting with effective stock control will be an advantage as well as strong practice in cashing up, safe procedures and banking. This role will require strong communication skills as you will be required to lead an outstanding team alongside a kitchen brigade. Bath Ales is a developing company and you will have the opportunity receive promotion within the group in due course. Our aim is to create our new team leaders and managers from the ground up It’s not just the pub environment that we care about; we’re passionate about looking after the wider environment too. In our pubs, we keep food miles to a minimum by sourcing all of our food (with the exception of fresh fish) from within a **** mile radius. If you’re interested in this position please email your CV for the attention of Stacey Day with a covering letter detailing why you’re interested in this position. “Forget the pretension of trendy heretodaygonetomorrow bars: Bath Ales pubs are tastefully and individually decorated and offer something special for locals, drinkers and foodies alike.” Sorry there is no live in accommodation available. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerTheSalamander_job****