Title: HEAD CHEF  LEADING GASTRO PUB AND RESTAURANT
Webindex: 71275433
Company: Detail 2 Leisure
Description: Fantastic opportunity to join this award winning fresh food Gastro Pub. As the Head Chef you will be working in a centre of excellence for the organisation, developing and training new chefs in to the business. In This high volume kitchen you will have complete autonomy to manage a brigade of highly trained chef's to deliver outstanding customer satisfaction. This role offers fantastic training and development and excellent bonus potential. The Company: Our client operates a number of stunning Gastro Pubs, and are committed to delivering the very best food in the very best surroundings. They are a group of stylish modern informal pubs serving great quality, authentic food. Job Role  Head Chef  Leading Gastro Pub and Restaurant: As a result of brand expansion our client has a vacancy for a Head Chef. Their role would be to ensure that the kitchen operates smoothly, to manage the profitability by providing consistently excellent food and exceeding guests service expectations. If you can inspire your team to success you can expect competitive benefits, rewards, excellent training and exceptional career prospects. The successful client will drive this through: Currently their Centre of Excellence and requires a chef with a strong desire to train and develop future chefs for the brand Being able to create a fun atmosphere, for both staff and customers. Having bags of energy and drive along with new ideas for ways to increase sales and promote your business. Living the values. Lead by example. Develop a guest focused team to their full potential. In return you will be working for a multibrand company that really values their employees and is committed to career development. This is an excellent opportunity for an ambitious Head Chef. Key Attributes  Head Chef  Leading Gastro Pub and Restaurant: Hands on experience of preparing fresh food, on a cook to order basis, within a hotel / restaurant background. An ambitious individual, driven by 100% customer satisfaction. Knowledge of the highest standards of Health Safety, hand in hand with Hygiene, and be able to implement this into the work place. Be a team player with the desire to develop yourself and those around you. A desire to excel in everything you do. Excellent stock and profit control Detail****Leisure is a division of Detail **** Group Limited and acts as an employment agency. We are the chosen recruitment partner for many of the UK's leading hospitality leisure companies. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/HEADCHEFLEADINGGASTROPUBANDRESTAURANT_job****