Title: GRADUATES WANTED  MULTIPLE OPPORTUNITIES AVAILABLE
Webindex: 62009848
Company: Bridge Life Corporation
Description: GRADUATE OPPORTUNITIES: We currently have openings suitable for people looking to become a marketing professional. We've become Glasgow's leading sales, marketing new customer acquisition firm and will continue to grow expand due to the success of our leading large blur chip companies in the UK s leading energy efficiency provider. ABOUT US: We pride ourselves on providing clients with a personal and professional approach to marketing and new customer acquisition. Our marketing executives represent our clients with integrity and enthusiasm. Our nationally ranked portfolio speaks for itself and there are several new campaigns currently being test marketed, so we need all the help we can get As part of our marketing sector, you will initially focus on how to represent clients and deliver their message as effectively as possible. Within your first few months, you may also be able to oversee campaigns and make a positive impact on others by showing them the ropes. KEY ATTRIBUTES: All applicants must be at least **** years of age to represent clients. A professional image and strong communications skills are essential because we target potential customers where they work, live and shop. All client representation is done face to face, not over the phone and earnings are accumulated on a daily basis, and rewarded only on completed sales. All levels of education and experience will be considered since no specific experience is required. SEND US YOUR CV TODAY FOR IMMEDIATE CONSIDERATION If your initial meeting is successful, you will be invited back to shadow an experienced marketing executive in the field for a full day to gain an understanding of the responsibilities involved. You will not be authorized to participate in any sales and therefore not entitled to compensation. When you return to the office, we will look to make a mutual final decision. This is very helpful in determining if the opening is right for you Please note: We do not have any officebased roles available. All openings will involve presenting our clients products and services to potential customers facetoface. Applicants must be over 18 because you will be signing contracts on behalf of our clients; and you will be working on a selfemployed basis so the number of successful sales you complete will determine your weekly earnings.)