Title: Assistant Manager  Clapham
Webindex: 70568526
Company: Appetite4Recruitment   High End Restaurants, Pubs & Bars
Description: Assistant Manager  South West London  ****  Bonus My client is one of the most superb, fresh, funky and dynamic branded restaurant operators in the UK today. With an undying commitment to the quality and authenticity of their brand, they place a huge emphasis on the type of person they recruit  employing only the best. I am currently recruiting for an Assistant Manager for one of their profile sites in the South West London area. As the Assistant Manager, you will be supporting your General Manager in the day to day operation of this lovely, site. You will be dynamic in your approach to management  leading from the front with a 'hands on' approach. You will coach and develop your team, naturally inspiring them to deliver the best customer service in the world You will proactively manage your P L, having a good understanding of cost controls and how to influence top and bottom line profits. You will have a good understanding of, and be able to maintain the high standards expected on Health Safety, food audits as well as customer satisfaction. In order to be considered for this position, applicants must:  Be at assistant manager level within a branded restaurant;  Be comfortable dealing with reasonable volume;  Have a workable understanding of the financial side of the business and be able to demonstrate how to have positive influence on it;  Be a funloving and passionate people person, with experience in proactive people management, and be able to create a great working environment;  Be ambitious and want to make a difference  Ideally be in possession of a personal licence. In return, you can look forward to a competitive salary of up to **** plus bonus and the opportunity to showcase your skills and develop within a company who will really value you Progression and career development are available for those ambitious enough to go for it as the company are in growth. Sound like the job you have been waiting for? APPLY NOW Send in an up to date CV in a word document. Not quite what you are looking for? Visit our website  www.appetite****recruitment.co.uk for all of our current vacancies. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerClapham_job****