Title: Casual Breakfast Food and Beverage Associate
Webindex: 70032797
Company: Chancery Court Hotel
Description: A modern classic within a charming **** Edwardian heritage property, Chancery Court Hotel, London has wellappointed and exceptionally spacious rooms and suites, an awardwinning spa, the glamorous Pearl Restaurant, and central courtyard. This fivestar Holborn hotel is near the City s major business centres, tube and rail stations and tourist attractions such as Chancery Lane, Covent Garden, the Royal Opera House, West End theatres, museums, galleries and shopping districts. Responsibilities include: To ensure that service stations are prepared stocked and ready for service. To greet all guests, using the guests name as often as possible. To take orders, serve food and drinks and to ensure that guests have a great experience within the department. To maintain maximum levels of cleanliness, ensuring that safety for all furniture, fixtures and fittings is taken into account. To ‘clean as you go to ensure a clean and tidy work area. To ensure that the guest s bill is recorded accurately, and presented properly and efficiently. To ensure that payment is received from all guests, if charged, that their names and room numbers are clearly indicated on the bill and that the bill is settled at the end of the meal. To recommend and ‘sell to guests through menu knowledge, using suggestive and upselling techniques. To be responsible for the safe keeping of all keys and Micros cards. To ensure that all food and beverage products are correctly stored, dated, labeled and rotated where necessary. To be mindful of your surroundings and to make sure all equipment is handled, stored and used correctly and safely. To ensure that all breakage s are kept to a bare minimum. Once breakages occur make certain they are correctly logged on the breakage sheet in the kitchen. To maintain a high standard of personal appearance and hygiene, and meet hotel grooming and uniform standards. To maintain healthy interdepartmental relationships. To adhere to the Licensing Laws and Weights and Measure Acts To be empowered to deal with guest problems, and to seek advice when unsure what to do. To promote awareness of health, safety and security within the department for associates and guests.Example fire alert points, exits, extinguishers, table clips etc. To develop self and others, by responding to and giving feedback to other associates. To comply with and food handling procedures. To follow service excellence standards at all times. To carry out any other duty/function that may be assigned by the immediate Manager