Title: Chef de Partie Fresh Food
Webindex: 68234280
Company: PRS
Description: Chef de Partie  Fresh Food My client has instructed me to look for a new chef de partie to join their team in this small, but reputable hotel, close to Gatwick. As chef de partie, you will be expected to work closely with the brigade, in preparing and cooking breakfast (breakfast chef days off only), lunch, dinner and afternoon teas, for the guests and visitors. Chef de partie will be responsible for maintaining all temperature records, and stock rotation, as well as ensuring the head chef is aware of stock required for service. Chef de partie is an important role within any team, especially here. You will need to be able to follow instruction, even in the absence of the head chef, making sure that all mise en place is ready before service. Consistency is key, and being able to produce and replicate dishes from the fresh food menu is essential. As with all hotels, no two days are ever the same, the challenges faced differ each day, depending upon the guests requests, seasonal produce, and requirements of the management. You will have opportunity to produce small buffets, large banquets, intricate desserts and for the restaurant the guuests expect something a little more refined An ideal chef de partie will have experience of working within a similar role, preferrably within a hotel, though this is not essential. You must however have a strong understanding of the use of fresh food, basic ingredients and components of popular dishes, and have a passion for achieving the best results every time The Chef welcomes applications from experienced commis chefs, or demi chef de partie, who are looking for a new challenge and to learn new skillsA posititve and interested attitude is key to the success of any applicant in this role Suitable chef de partie applicants can expect to receive the following: Salary in the region of **** Five days out of seven working (approx ****hrs) Meals and uniform provided while on duty Discounts throughout the company Company pension (after qualifying period) Quarterly structured reviews (opportunity for **** feedback) Targeted training and progression plan If you feel you have got what it takes, and would like to know more, then please contact Tim Major on **** **** or alternatively you may email a copy of your CV via this advert. Due to the location of this role, your own transport would be an advantage. All Applicants will be required to show proof of right to work in the UK, references will also be required. PRS Recruitment Solutions Ltd are acting as an employment business in respect of this permanent vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ChefdePartieFreshFood_job****