Title: Jnr Restaurant Manager****plus incentivesCumbria
Webindex: 70759856
Company: Ideal chef recruitment agency
Description: Jnr Restaurant Manager**** plus incentivesCumbriaSTARTS MID FEBMID MAR 2013. Organisation description: This refined dining establishment delivers sumptuous, classic European cuisine cooked and served with infectious passion. This establishment delivers a more refined dining experience, dedicated to providing highquality, freshlyprepared food using locallysourced ingredients from the best suppliers. Job description: We are looking for a junior restaurant manager to corun a small team of staff ensuring that the restaurant operates efficiently and profitably while maintaining the establishments reputation and ethos. There is chance to move up within this establishment also. Duties to include cashing up, stock control, staff rotas, managing staff, meeting and greeting customers and ensuring staff adhere to company rules and regulations. The junior restaurant manager will need to be able to advise customers of the menu and wine choice. The candidate will also need to maintain high standards of quality control, hygiene and health and safety. Job Requirements: It s essential that the junior restaurant manager is a strong team leader who can work under pressure. The junior restaurant manager needs to be well organised, focussed, driven and although management experience is desirable it is not essential as full training will be given. The candidate needs to have an effervescent character and have a bubbly, keen and lively personality. Good written and spoken English skills are a must. Personal hygiene is to be exceptional. The junior restaurant manager needs to be able to deal with customers clearly and efficiently and who can demonstrate exceptional customer service skills. Company benefits include **** paid weeks off during JanFeb, bank holidays through MarchDecember off and tips. Accommodation: None Available. In line with the requirements of the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. As part of the recruitment process, you will be asked to provide documented evidence of eligibility