Title: Butler / Concierge
Webindex: 68098133
Company: Premiere People   Rugby
Description: My Client is looking for an experienced butler/concierge, to work at a prestigious location in rural Northamptonshire. You will be responsible for ensuring the highest level of cleanliness and maintenance, and achieving assigned daily housekeeping tasks and schedules. You will be a strong team player, and have excellent communication and guest care skills. You will have pride and attention to detail in your work , will be flexible, able to use your initiative and organise your daily activities well. Ideally, you will have experience working in a role with in a similar environment Hours of work are Monday to Friday 8am till 4.30pm with some weekend work. Salary  **** Per annum Daily Duties include To meet and greet guests arriving in a pleasant, proactive and welcoming manner. To carry guest's luggage from outside the property, to the appropriate guest room To ensure that luggage is not left unattended in public areas. Upon guest's departure, to bring luggage outside and into a taxi or other vehicle. House keeping Tasks such as making beds, cleaning bathrooms, polishing hoovering, Waxing of Floors, Collection and replenishment of firewood Requirements Previous experience as a butler, concierge, or housekeeper is essential Experience working in a luxury hotel, country house or similar environment would be an advantage. Fluent written and Verbal English language is essential Good organisation skills, self motivated and well presented. Excellent guest contact skills are essential, additionally you should be capable of dealing with unique situations that require strength of character and presence of mind. Own transport is essential due to location of the property. Premiere People is a leading national recruitment consultancy with a network of branches across the UK. We have been established since **** and have grown to a marketleading consultancy. We supply permanent or temporary staff to all areas of business covering a variety of different industry sectors. Please be aware that we are receiving an unprecedented amount of advert response. Therefore, if you have not had a reply within **** working days we would kindly ask you to assume that your application has been unsuccessful. However, all CVs will be entered into our live database and we will contact you immediately should we feel that we have something of interest for you in the future. In respect of the above role(s), Premiere People operates as an Employment Agency as defined under the Employment Agencies Act **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ButlerConcierge_job****