Title: Events and Outside Catering Head Chef
Webindex: 71742258
Company: Berkeley Scott Chef Recruitment
Description: Events and Outside Catering Head Chef Excellent opportunity to join the leading Event Caterer in the Gloucestershire and the Cotswold area. This high quality company offer restaurant standard food for events such as private dining, banquets, wedding and corporate functions. Job Description Responsible for the overall food production, logistics and service of the events at either one off venues or at one of the many high profile venues used by the company. The Head will have responsibility for a core team of chefs and additional team members when required. The business operates from a very well equipped central production kitchen with a fleet of refrigerated vehicles. Additional responsibilities will include: Ensuring a high quality food offering using the best suppliers and ingredients Menu Development Client Liaison and Menu Tastings Managing and liaising with Suppliers Team Management, training and development Adhering to all Food Hygiene and Health and Safety Ensuring all budgetary targets are achieved Required Experience Ideal candidates will have high quality Events and Outside Catering Head Chef experience. Successful Chefs will have a real understanding and insight in this unique style of catering. Other requirements will include: Strong Team management and Organisational skills Excellent eye for details and passion for high quality ingredients and food Ability to problem solve and be selfsufficient Confident and welcoming personality Salary and Benefits The starting salary for this role is **** Additional benefits include Bonus Scheme and Pension Scheme. In order to ensure your enquiry with regards to this position is dealt with quickly, please send in an uptodate copy of your Curriculum Vitae in a Word Document format. If this role does not fully match your needs please visit our website, www.berkeleyscott.co.uk for similar opportunities or call us on **** ****Berkeley Scott is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/EventsandOutsideCateringHeadChef_job****