Title: Meeting & Events Sales Consultant
Webindex: 71959798
Company: Radisson Blu Portman Hotel
Description: We are looking for a Meeting Events Sales Consultant within the Meeting Events Team Do you dare to be different? CARLSON REZIDOR HOTEL GROUP The Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group is one of the fastest growing hotel companies in the world who strive to achieve an environment where a Yes I Can attitude is ingrained into everything we do. With three distinct hotel brands within the Rezidor Group in the UK: Radisson Blu, Park Inn by Radisson, Hotel Missoni, Rezidor offers a world of opportunities. Rezidor currently features over **** hotels and almost **** rooms in operation or development in 65 countries. THE HOTEL Our hotel teams have an exciting and challenging task requiring business skills, operational experience and above all the ability to work together as a motivated team as we serve our guests and colleagues. Radisson Blu Portman Hotel is situated in the heart of London , consisting of 272 bedroom and Meeting and Events capacity for **** THE ROLE We are looking for a Meeting Events Sales Consultant to join our existent team. You will need to have a good understanding of the role as the hotel hosts conferences and several events all year round. TASKS, DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES What is the Challenge? This is a challenging role where you will work directly with our Corporate Clients, negotiating rates and confirming their accommodation, meetings and events. The Skills and Qualities : What Kind of Person experience is required? Receiving, handling and converting Meeting, Event and Group enquiries. Planning events in conjunction with the client. Preparing quotes for Meetings and Events of all sizes. Presenting and “Selling” available and suitable options to the highest possible standard. Managing the details of the event, from enquiry to contract. Encouraging repeat business through excellent customer service and enquiry handling. You must be able to work well under pressure, meet deadlines and achieve daily targets, whilst offering a very high level of Customer Service, drive and determination. Radisson Blu is an equal opportunities employer and candidates must be available for a face to face interview. THE PACKAGE Our teams enjoy a competitive salary and an exciting range of benefits; a few that may tempt you are discounted rates at our hotels worldwide, contributory pension scheme, and complimentary meal. The world of opportunities awaits you at The Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group, so what are you waiting for…… Do you have the spirit, flexibility and confidence to make a difference? If so then your career starts here at The Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/MeetingEventsSalesConsultant_job****