Title: Gourmet Burger Kitchen  Head Chef  Norwich
Webindex: 72437767
Company: Gourmet Burger Kitchen
Description: Head Chefs needed The awardwinning Gourmet Burger Kitchen is looking for HEAD CHEF to join our team. So what does it take to be a magnificent Head Chef at GBK? Good question Experience working on a grill & Managing the Kitchen? GBK restaurants are busy places, and we need chefs who are familiar with the fine art of cooking our menu to perfection on a grill. You?ll be also dealing with stock control, labour costs, ordering systems & be responsible for daytoday management of the kitchen Staying Cool under pressure ? As those orders start coming in you?ve got to have a cool head to handle service and an even temperament to see us through a busy shift. Make it your Team ? GBK is one big happy family, and the kitchen is the heart of any restaurant. You?ve got to be able to lead as example, train, motivate and develop your team Super standards ? We?re the best in the business, and we need Head Chefs with a fine eye for detail and a routine for keeping the kitchen clean, clean, clean? Personality, personality, personality ? More than anything else in this business, a great smile, sense of humour and love of working with people will see you succeed. Come and meet our team and you?ll understand In return you?ll be working for one of the UK?s favourite iconic brands, with fabulous pay rates, a wonderful team environment & firs class equipment to work with and the opportunity to grow and move up the GBK ladder. Full training is provided. In two short years we?ve grown **** restaurants to over **** branches. You?ll find customers enjoying our gourmet dishes from Edinburgh to Brighton, Manchester to Cardiff. And despite the massive growth, GBK has managed to retain the same standards, principles and family values that make us the undisputed leaders in this field. So if you think you?ve got something to offer send through your CV . We?ll be in touch with you personally if we think you?re a suitable candidate. Thanks, The Team at GBK