Title: Soft Services Manager  Retail  Tunbridge Wells Top Facilities Management Company
Webindex: 68100610
Company: COREcruitment International
Description: Soft Services Manager  Retail  Tunbridge Wells Top Facilities Management Company Soft Services Manager  Tunbridge Wells up to ****K You must have Retail Park experience or public sector experience My client has a requirement for a commercially astute and customer focussed Soft Services Manager to oversee the soft services facilities management operations within a retail environment. The successful applicant will be employed by my client who is a Facility Services working in partnership with the client who own a prestigious retail outlet. You will have demonstrable experience of manmanagement in a customer services environment. It`s a challenging role where you will be personally responsible for the provision of self delivering all soft services including cleaning, security and customer service. Experience of managing TFM contracts would be of great advantage. The key responsibilities for the Soft Services Manager will include:  To provide quantifiable expertise in the management of facilities management services to include at least the following areas of expertise: cleaning, waste management and security services.  Provide direct line management to the cleaning, concierge, waste and security teams  Provide effective direct leadership to ensure the development and encouragement of all operational staff to meet both business and personal objectives.  Oversee incident management and initiate effective escalation and recording, managing contingency plans and their relationship to the wider community.  To ensure that all life safety systems, security & communications systems are maintained to the appropriate standards/specifications and are operational at all times.  Ensure that the performance of contractors for the site meets the high standards expected, by setting clear objectives and regular reviews of progress.  Contribute to the Centre Business Plan and monitor onsite performance to meet objectives.  Ensure departments meet with legislation and comply with Corporate and internal policies and procedures  Control and authorization of the facilities department, ensuring budgets are appropriately managed. The successful Soft Services Manager will have:  Previous quantifiable experience in a the management of cleaning, security, waste management and fabric services, in a self delivery capacity  A customer focussed attitude and be able to ensure staff members are motivated to provide a high class service at all time  The ability to forge and develop strong working relationships with all staff and stakeholders  HR knowledge and excellent man management skill  Excellent communication skills  IOSH qualifications, and BIFM membership or equivalent Please send CV`s to Cathalcorecruitment.com COREcruitment are experts in recruiting for the service sector. We currently have over **** live roles across the UK, Middle East, Europe, North America, South East Asia, Africa and Australia. To view other great opportunities please check out our website at www.corecruitment.com or call us on **** **** **** **** for a confidential chat about upcoming opportunities. COREcruitment operate one of the best referral schemes in the industry  know anyone looking for a new challenge? Email teamcorecruitment.com with your contacts CV  you could earn up to **** Follow COREcruitment on your favourite social networks  Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google and Pinterest. We give away fantastic prizes every month