Title: Assistant Manager  Brighton  Cafe Rouge
Webindex: 69473313
Company: Cafe Rouge
Description: Assistant Manager  Cafe Rouge  Brighton Cafe Rouge, part of the Tragus group, brings the essence of the Parisian cafe culture to the UK. A perfect place to mull over the morning papers with your petit dejeuner and a cafe au lait, pop in for a quick spot of lunch, share a postwork drink or enjoy an evening meal with friends. Our selection of food and wine menu's are inspired by the many rustic flavours found throughout France. Tragus' emphasis has always been, and continues to be, its passion for food. We welcome people who share our enthusiasm. As our passion is food, our dedication is to ensure that this is translated to our customers  through you. This is why Tragus invests in establishing a working environment which encourages and empowers our managers to give their best in providing a service, not just to our customers, but to ourselves. First and foremost you need to be an exceptional host with:  Strong motivational and influential people skills  An approachable manner and a 'hands on' attitude  An eye for detail and the ability to drive consistent brand standards  Passion to deliver a great customer experience You have recently worked in a similar management role with:  Unquestionable drive and energy to see your business succeed  A thorough understanding of the branded restaurant market  The ability to recruit, coach and develop your team  Proof of eligibility to work within the UK which must be provided at first interview Along with a competitive basic salary, you will receive:  Excellent training and development opportunities  A fantastic industry leading bonus structure  Staff discount of up to 50% Tragus is one of the UK's largest independent restaurant companies with almost 300 sites across the country and we are still growing Our exciting portfolio of leading brands are operated as four divisions  Cafe Rouge, Strada, Bella Italia, and the Brasseries  which include Belgo, Ortega, Huxleys Amalfi  all of which offer a unique dining experience. We really believe our people are the key ingredients of our success. So, if you are an enthusiastic, passionate and talented individual with experience in managing a vibrant branded restaurant, we want to hear from YOU For more information on Tragus and our brands, please visit www.tragusholdings.com Successful candidates will be contacted within **** working days. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerBrightonCafeRouge_job****