Title: ASSISTANT MANAGER  VIBRANT BRANDED RESTAURANT & COCKTAIL BAR
Webindex: 71659423
Company: Detail 2 Leisure
Description: Exciting opportunity working for one of the UK s leading branded restaurant chains who are currently looking for an Assistant General Manager. We are looking for a driven manager with a similar branded background within a leading branded restaurant or foodled pub who is looking for their next exciting challenge. The Company: Fantastic opportunity to work for a dynamic company in one of their new site openings. They offer great quality food and cocktails in a vibrant, fun environment. Their people are at the heart of everything they do and the reason for their continued success. Job Role  Assistant Manager  Vibrant Branded Restaurant and Cocktail Bar: Reporting to the General Manager, your role will be to assist the General Manager in operating your restaurant to achieve maximum sales and profit by having motivated and skilled staff who deliver a great customer experience. As the Assistant Manager, your key responsibilities will include: Leading positively by example Deliver true guest obsession Recruiting, training and developing your team to achieve their personal best and exceed customer expectations Setting targets with clear standards and time scales To actively market and promote your business To develop your business by continually seeking opportunities to increase sales and improve service anticipating changes and planning accordingly To assist in controlling the financial performance of the business, seeking to exceed agreed sales and profit targets and achieving agreed margins Key Attributes  Assistant Manager  Vibrant Branded Restaurant and Cocktail Bar: Ideally you will currently be a successful manager from a customer focused restaurant / foodled pub background. You will be a team player with the desire to develop yourself and those around you. Detail****Leisure is a division of Detail **** Group Limited and acts as an employment agency. We are the chosen recruitment partner for many of the UK s leading hospitality & leisure companies.