Title: Restaurant Supervisor  Waiting Staff Beautiful small Hotel  ****
Webindex: 72437791
Company: Peaks Dales Recruitment
Description: Restaurant Supervisor needed for stunning award winning small Hotel and Restaurant Kirkbymoorside area, North Yorkshire Strong waiting staff also needed so couples will be considered Up to  **** No live in available  so must have own transport  Commutable from Thirsk, Pickering etc This is an amazing opportunity for a Restaurant Supervisor/ Waiting staff to join a award winning small establishment and work within a small team Chef De Rangs / Waiting staff with aquality background willbe considered for this progressive role . This small Hotel and restaurant has won an array of awards and is always aiming to achieve higher standards and excellence. They looking for a Restaurant Supervisor to push on and work with the Restaurant Manager and owners and mange this elegant establishment. The ideal candidate for the position Must come from a quality fresh food /award winning /rosette accredited property all levels considered so a strong waiter/ waitress looking for progression will also be considered As Restaurant Supervisor you will be required to assist in running the restaurant and be very much a welcoming ‘face of the restaurant. The Restaurant Supervisor will ensure standards are kept very high, The working pattern for the Restaurant Supervisor will be straight shifts with 5 days out of seven, as the business requires. It is essential for the Restaurant Supervisor to be punctual and well presented, enthusiastic with an eye for detail and quality. The Restaurant Supervisor should also be hard working, professional, with a desire to progress further in the industry and a passion for the highest standards. The successful candidate will gain a excellent starting salary of up to **** great tips and an excellent chance to progress further whilst also the opportunity to work in this well renowned restaurant No accommodation available so you must have your own transport and be able to commute from the local area or willing to relocate This Restaurant Supervisor is a full time , permanent role If this sounds like the opportunity you are looking for send your CV to us. If this position doesn t sound like the job you are looking for, we have many other vacancies available, and will be happy to help you find your next exciting position, send a copy of your CV to Andrew Birds via: andrewpeaksanddalesrecruitment.co.uk .In line with the requirements of the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Documented evidence of the eligibility will be required from candidates as part of the recruitment process.