Title: Junior Sous Chef 4star ****AA Rosettes (live in)
Webindex: 70567931
Company: PRS
Description: Junior Sous Chef 4star hotel  live in 2AA Rosettes My client, a 4star boutique hotel on the south coast, has instructed me to look for a junior sous chef to join their brigade. As junior sous chef, you would be expected to to have a wealth of experience and be confident in walking into a busy rosetted kitchen and taking up a post. Knowledge, skill and passion are key in this role, with a positive attitude at all times. Where the menus change with the seasons, and the supplies are sourced locally, you will be challenged with a new day every day Providing meals and dishes for the Fine dining Restaurant, Brasserie, Terrace Bar, Room Service and Banquetting clients. Junior sous chef will work closely with the Head and sous chef, and will assist in the daily management of the kitchen and team. Ensuring standards are consistently high, with every guest expectation being exceeded. Cleanliness and tidiness are also important, and each member of the team will play thier part in this. Ideally from within a 4star hotel kitchen already, you will need a strong understanding of rosette standards, and have a clear vision of what it takes to achieve. With a minimum qualification of NVQ level 2 or equivalent. Hours of work are based on a five day week, with meals and uniforms provided. Splits are required, but they wont expect you to cover breakfast, lunch and dinner every day The head chef is firm but fair, and likes to take inspiration for his menus from members of the team, and also from many of his world travels For more details on this awesome role, please contact Tim Major on **** **** or alternatively forward a copy of your cv and covering letter via this advert. Interviews will commence in the coming week, so dont delay, apply today All applicants are required to show proof of right to work in the UK and references will also be checked. PRS Recruitment Solutions Ltd are acting as an employment business in respect of this permanent vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/JuniorSousChef4star2AARosetteslivein_job****