Title: Sales Administrator/Researcher
Webindex: 68707264
Company: Jurys Inns Ltd
Description: Jurys Inns Group Ltd is one of the fastestgrowing hotel groups in Europe, with **** property locations in the UK, Ireland and Europe with more to come Jurys Inn Newcastle & NewcastleGateshead Quays now has an excellent opportunity available for a SALES ADMINISTRATOR/RESEARCHER to join our Sales team. Sales Administrator overview: The Sales Administrator will generate leads from telephone calls to prospects and make appointments for Sales team. The role is also responsible for the production of key reports as required to the Sales Manager and for meeting and setting of administrative processes and procedures for the effective support of the Inn. Sales Administrator key responsibilities: Telephone calls to prospective customers to identify sales leads and generate sales appointments. Administrative support for Jurys InnSales department. Accurate production of key reports within deadlines for the Sales Manager. Organisation & logistics for Jurys Innlocal corporate events. Communication with sales staff within the company. Recording statistics, client productivity and producing monthly reports for senior management. Trouble shooting, particularly difficult client queries or complaints. Manage all arrangements for familiarisation trips and office visits. To ensure that Jurys Inns company policy is adhered to at all times. Accurately maintain databases and filing systems. Always offer the most appropriate rates and venues with alternatives when applicable. To ensure sales enquiries are accurately handled and followed through using the appropriate processes and technology. Deadlines must be met and correct documentation provided. Provide the appropriate levels of administrative support as required by your job function. To constructively challenge Jurys Inns procedures and recommend amendments which will have a benefit to the company. Maintain a high level of communication with the department and within the Jurys Inn Group. All other reasonable requests from Jurys Inns Management. The ideal candidate for this position: Must have excellent organisational skills. Must be fluent in English. Must have excellent communication skills and a good telephone manner. Must be courteous and focused on providing a good customer service. Must have a positive and enthusiastic attitude. Salary range for Sales Administrator is **** per hour based on 40 hours per week Jurys Inn is an equal opportunities employer We do not require the use of agencies at this time