Title: Deputy Chef Manager
Webindex: 66552628
Company: The Anchor Trust
Description: Anchor is England’s largest nonforprofit provider of housing and care for elderly people, employing almost **** capable, caring and committed colleagues. Our insight and reputation is built on more than 40 years’ experience. During this time Anchor has grown to provide housing and care services to almost **** people each day and has over **** locations across England. Do you want to make a difference? Do you have a 'can do' attitude and want to join a customerfocused team? Are you looking for a varied and interesting career within a leading organisation? If so, we may have the right career for you, offering personal development and opportunities to progress. Deputy Chef Manager Reporting into the Chef Manager, responsibilities will include : Deputising for the Chef Manager, managing every aspect of catering within the location and delivering a quality catering service. Supervising the catering assistants on shift.  Maintaining compliance with food safety and health safety procedures.  To minimise waste when preparing meals and use equipment correctly. Required knowledge experience : Intermediate or level 3 food hygiene certificate with Cater craft or similar award. Health safety legislation including control of substances harmful to health (COSHH) and food safety standards. Proven chef and people management experience. Basic knowledge of dietary requirements relating to older people. Safe use of kitchen equipment including knives. Required skills : Able to negotiate, influence, organize time and prioritise activities. Able to work in a pressured environment and produce meals based on implemented menus. Flexible, innovative and able to work as part of a team and individually. Generous benefits including contributory pension scheme, optional 25% discounted private health cover, Life Assurance, discounted retail and child care vouchers and the ability to buy and sell annual leave entitlement This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/DeputyChefManager_job****