Title: Sous Chef wanted for Award Winning Restaurant in Reading
Webindex: 68591012
Company: mya lacarte
Description: Mya Lacarte is a **** cover British produce restaurant with changing seasonal menus. We are looking for an experienced Sous Chef to join our established kitchen brigade. As Sous Chef you will support and assist the Head Chef in the day to day running of the kitchen.This will involve preparing and cooking fantastic fresh local produce to a high standard and working with the Head Chef to create all seasonal menus. The right candidate will be a highly motivated and passionate individual with a great eye for detail. You will be able to take control in the Head Chefs absence and have a strong ability to maintain excellent standards within a pressurised environment. You would ideally have experience in stock control and working to GPs with pastry experience being a definite advantage. Ideally we are looking for a Sous chef who has a passion for British produce and understands the importance of eating seasonally. This is a fantastic opportunity for the right candidate to join a progressive company and work in a rewarding working environment. You need to be honest, passionate and like minded for success, determination have a winning mentality. Desire of promotion is a must. If there's a recipe for success in life, it starts with picking the right ingredients. It's not about what we accomplish, it's about what WE inspire YOU to do. Mya Lacarte prides itself on being recognised as the Best Employers in Hospitality throughout England and Wales. Why did we win this award? Because we inspire a strong belief of personal success within every single member of our team. We are all as important as each other and we thrive off like minded people. It's the teamwork that makes the dream work. To apply for this position please email your CV in the first instance. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SousChefwantedforAwardWinningRestaurantinReading_job****