Title: Reception Manager  De Vere Venues Ltd  Uplands
Webindex: 71845745
Company: i resourcer
Description: Reception Manager  De Vere Venues Ltd  Uplands Uplands Park is nestled in the Chilterns countryside on **** acres of landscaped gardens overlooking the Hughenden Valley. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for a Reception Manager who will be responsible for the effective operation of the Reception team, providing leadership and achieving profit targets. Responsibilities of Reception Manager:  Ensure that the highest standards of hospitality and communication  Ensure all visitors expectations are consistently met and exceeded  Responsible to motivate and develop your team members  Responsible for ensuring wages and costs are in line with budget requirements. Benefits included for a Reception Manager:  25 days holidays plus bank holidays  Private Medical Insurance Scheme  Contributory Pension Scheme  Life Assurance  Family & Friends discounts across the Group  Childcare Vouchers We are looking for someone with a great personality to share their passion for the hospitality industry in delivering service with a smile. The ideal candidate will be organised, an excellent communicator and a hands on Manager with exceptional attention to detail and the passion to go the extra mile for our customers. Previous experience and the proven ability to manage people within a similar role are required. You will be PC literate with knowledge of Front Office systems. We offer many diverse training programmes to develop you in your career. If you are interested in the role of Reception Manager (HR UP ****) apply now by forwarding your current CV to Simone Brinkworth together with a covering letter explaining why you are the right person for the job. De Vere Venues is an equal opportunities employer. De Vere Venues is the UK leader in dedicated business space  a forward thinking business with personality & creativity, providing the ideal location for both business and leisure in beautiful surroundingsUplands Park is an ideal place to be inspired. The venue offers **** modern, hightech meeting rooms and **** ensuite bedrooms.