Title: line chef
Webindex: 70418488
Company: Hartford Hall Hotel.
Description: JOB DESCRIPTION – Marston’s Inns Taverns Job Title Chef Reporting to: The Management Team Reportees: None Job Code: **** (Non CDP Line Chef) / **** (CDP Line Chef) Role Purpose: To produce food to company standards ensuring that the required profit levels are achieved Key Duties:  Maintain a high level of customer care at all times.  Ensure that all equipment is maintained in a clean manner and working correctly at all times and that all malfunctions are reported immediately.  Report any malfunctions or hazards to a member of the Management team.  Carry out all preparation necessary for the forthcoming session in accordance with the anticipated trade expected.  Prepare, cook and prepare all menu items by using the methods specified in the brands manual by the Catering Manager or a member of the Management team, and in accordance with customers’ wishes.  At all times ensure that portion control is maintained as per the meal specification in the brands manual and that wastage is kept to a minimum in order to achieve the required profit margins.  Receive food and goods into the pub in the appropriate area and complete Risk Assessment as instructed by the Management team.  Ensure that stock rotation is carried out according to Company standards.  Ensure that all stock losses are reported to the Head Chef or a member of the Management team.  Ensure the safety, security and appropriate storage, labelling and dating of all food stock at all times in accordance with appropriate legislation and Company policy.  To work within the requirements of the Food Hygiene (general) Regulations, Food Safety Act, Health Safety at Work Act, Fire Regulations C.O.S.H.H. Regulations plus any others that may affect the business.  Record all food and kitchen temperatures and other information as required for Risk Assessment and as instructed by the Management team.  To maximise the full sales potential of the restaurant and ensure standards are maintained at all times.  To work within all Company rules and achieve at all times the standards required as laid down in this handbook and the house rules.  To carry out all other reasonable requests by the Management Team.