Title: Chef de Partie  Graze Bar and Chophouse Bath
Webindex: 71276795
Company: Bath Ales
Description: CHEF DE PARTIE  GRAZE BATH When it comes to expanding our family of pubs and restaurants we only choose places whose character, location and potential all fit with what we and our customers like. With this in mind, we are looking for an exceptionally talented, motivated and ambitious Chef de Partie to be part of our exciting team at the new Graze Bar and Chophouse in Bath. You should have previous experience as a Chef de Partie in a similar environment or looking to progress into the role with strong Demi/Commis Chef experience. You should be able to demonstrate excellent communication skills and be a real team player. However, it will be your enthusiasm and passion for fresh, locally sourced ingredients that will be the overriding factor in your success. Our ideal candidate will have the desire and motivation to be part of team that can deliver the exceptional service that is associated with the Graze concept in both Bristol and Cirencester. You will work closely with the Head Chef and Sous Chef to develop menu ideas and adhere to our food brief. This cosmopolitan outlet in the heart of Bath City Centre will be the flagship for the Graze Bar and Chophouse series. Offering great food and drink in a relaxed and sophisticated setting based on the same successful combination as Graze Bristol and Cirencester. In addition to this **** sq ft site, it will feature a large open plan kitchen, a meat hanging room and small microbrewery producing specialist craft beers. The considered menu will have a wide appeal featuring a range of classic dishes lead by meat and fish choices cooked in a Josper charcoal oven. Graze is essentially our take on a modern pub somewhere to enjoy a pint of great cask ale, munch on some homemade bar snacks, have a simple hearty lunch or eat a sophisticated meal. This is an excellent opportunity for a strong and ambitious Chef de Partie with a proven record within a similar environment to lead an exceptional team. If you’re interested in this position please email your CV below for the attention of Stacey Day with a covering letter detailing the position you’re interested in. Sorry there is no live in accommodation available. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/ChefdePartieGrazeBarandChophouseBath_job****