Title: 2nd Chef  Barchester Healthcare
Webindex: 67773316
Company: barchester
Description: What is expected of you as a 2nd Chef? Creativity.a passion for food.a dynamic approach.if these things describe you, we would love to hear from you As a 2nd Chef you will assist and deputise for the Head Chef in providing tasty, nutritious and well balanced meals for the people we support and their visitors. You will need to cater for a range of special dietary requirements so previous experience within the healthcare industry is desirable but not essential for this challenging yet rewarding role. Why join our team as a 2nd Chef? As market leaders we place the people we support first  and our staff are the best. You will benefit from a wealth of experience and as a company that places a great emphasis on investing in its people; you will have the opportunity for both personal and professional development. Our Learning and Development department gives you the freedom to develop professionally and create your own career pathway  it's just a case of high do you want to climb? How we're different We have our own Chef Academy giving you the opportunity to undertake various workshops and courses such as our Master Chef programme, helping you to achieve nationally recognised qualifications. As these are programmes of learning at work, you can develop new skills and earn at the same time. Benefits include:  A great career pathway combined with skills development  Generous annual leave allowance  Secure and supportive working environment  Long Service Awards  Voluntary Benefit Scheme including: Retail Discount Vouchers, Child Care vouchers, Discounted Holiday / Leisure vouchers and much more  Employee help line to support staff in times of need Am I the right person for the Job? If you've made the grade in your career so far and want to take the next step, we offer a supportive and committed working environment to support you in your career development. Ideally you will have previous experience within a similar role and successful candidates will have Basic Food Hygiene Certificate as a minimum and ideally have a City Guilds / NVQ catering qualification. In addition, you'll need to be self motivated and have a genuine interest and enthusiasm  it's a great feeling helping the people we support celebrate life to the full, it could be just what you're looking for This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/2ndChefBarchesterHealthcare_job****