Title: ASSISTANT MANAGER  OXFORDSHIRE
Webindex: 71428910
Company: Selection Matters Ltd
Description: Our client have recently taken over and refurbished a wonderful 16th century public house in Oxfordshire. They have an award winning chef to run the kitchen and are looking for an Assistant Manager to support the Manager in running his/her team in order to provide the level of service expected to our customers, whilst maintaining a successful, profitable pub. Key Objectives  To assist the Manager in the good running of the pub as well as the B B rooms upon completion.  To take on the managerial duties in the absence of the Landlord and Manager  Lead and inspire individuals to develop a highly motivated, committed team.  Coordinate workload of staff within the pub including rotas etc.  Ensure team receive, understand adhere to all company policies procedures. Main duties and responsibilities  To assist the Manager and the Landlord in their daily duties  To oversee the Front of House team and implement good service procedures  Prepare all tables and stations before each service.  Complete FOH dry goods and service item orders in line with company procedures to ensure correct stock levels are maintained.  Escalate or communicate to Landlord, Manager and General Manager all issues deemed fit or which cannot be resolved in the instant, or, which will have high customer/financial impact.  Manage all incidents in line with government guidelines.  Ensure all staff are adequately trained in local procedures.  Anticipate potential problems/situations and act accordingly to create solutions.  Responsible for maintaining a high standard of work performance and conduct at all times.  To gain working knowledge of calorific values and basic nutrition in order to advise guests on diet.  To have a working knowledge of each days menus in order to answer guests queries.  To be pleasant and helpful to guests without familiarity.  To deal with guests comments and complaints initially and report these if necessary.  Responsible for maintaining a high standard of personal hygiene and appearance.  To be fully conversant with the pubs fire procedure.  Responsible for reporting any health and safety hazards, immediately to the senior person on duty.  Responsible for attending all departmental and training meetings when required.  To assist with the setting up and service of additional functions/parties when required.  Responsible for performing any other related duties as assigned by the senior person on duty.  To observe all Health Safety at work and other company policies and procedures at all times  Required to be a dedicated, motivated and positive individual with the highest levels of customer care. Due to the high number of applicants submitted for this role, we will only be contacting applicants who we will be looking to progress to the next stage. If you have not heard from us in **** working days, unfortunately your application was unsuccessful. Thank you This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ASSISTANTMANAGEROXFORDSHIRE_job****