Title: Regional HR Manager –(Learning & Development)– Searcys, London
Webindex: 68834775
Company: Searcys
Description: Searcys is one of the UK’s leading catering companies and operates in some of the most prestigious Restaurants, Bars and Events Venues in some of Britain’s most iconic buildings and locations. Our business is expanding and believes in developing, motivating and giving our team the flexibility and tools they need to grow. Because of the bespoke nature of our approach and the eclectic mix of businesses, we deliberately give each venue the freedom required to execute a great job. We currently have a fantastic opportunity for an experienced HR Manager specialising in Learning Development to join our team. Reporting in directly to the HR Director and working closely with the HR team you will responsible for ensuring each venue attracts, employs, gives the best start, makes and retains the best people through the delivery and implementation of best practice HR. You will ensure every individual has the opportunity to grow and develop, and are ready to meet the needs of Searcys growth plans of the future. The role requires you to support the sales, profit and quality performance of each venue through the support and coaching of each Head of Department in getting the best out of and retaining the best people. You will support, implement and ‘bed in’ Searcys HR strategy, culture, values and behaviours. Specialising in Learning Development the role will also have additional responsibilities for  Developing and implementing a graduate placement project Delivering Training and maintaining materials for the courses Developing material for Management development programmes Working with government apprentice schemes to get some funding for training candidates Maintaining and updating the preopening training programme To generate innovative and simple solutions to support development of our teams The ideal candidate will be highly motivated with the ability to deliver to deadlines and prioritise effectively. Be passionate about people and the industry, taking a proactive handson approach to the role along with excellent communication skills at all levels, with the ability to work in a fast paced environment, working well under pressure. You will need experience within a HR and Training role and strong experience within hospitality operations is essential. The role is predominantly Monday to Friday with occasional support over weekends and overnight stays required. You will be based in one of your venues in central London but travel will be part of your role. We are offering a competitive salary of **** pa and excellent benefit package including a range of flexible benefits which can be matched to suit your lifestyle, childcare scheme, cycle scheme, 33 days holiday per annum, life insurance and company discounts. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/RegionalHRManagerLearningDevelopmentSearcysLondon_job****