Title: General Manager  Library, Leeds
Webindex: 68707194
Company: Scream
Description: General Manager  Library, Leeds We have a superb opportunity for a liveout General Manager at the Library which is a student pub based in the heart of the Leeds University student area and part of the iconic Scream offer. It is a large two floor operation with the upstairs area used as a separate function/ gig room which hosts a comedy club featuring well known comedians. Downstairs has the benefit of Sky TV and two large screens as well as **** pool tables, along with a great value food offer. The Library beat both its sales and profit budgets in 2011/**** and has the potential to repeat this in 2012 /**** The successful General Manager should be an aspiring, very experienced Deputy Manager looking for their first appointment or a current General Manager aiming to develop their skills and ready for a new challenge. You would be passionate about delivering great operating standards and able to understand the fun and high energy offer which appeals to the student market. Previous knowledge and experience with promoting a live music venue would be an advantage. Part of our Scream segment, these pubs are famous for been the student destination or the place for likeminded people. Scream is fun, playful, flexible and an engaging brand with lots of personality. Scream is famous for offering great value food and drink, been the sports hub for all major sporting events and the famous Yellow card which is the most established student pub discount scheme in the UK. General Manager  What we want We are looking for General Managers who can demonstrate the passion and commitment to succeed in this highenergy, revitalised business. After all, we re not just a leading pub and hospitality group: we re an innovative and passionate team, with big ambitions for the future. Our General Managers are people who have the ability to engage with customers whether students or likeminded people. They are well known personalities and love to get involved in the local activities; these are the General Managers who always know what their competitors are up to. Sales driven but cost aware and driven to deliver the best possible experience for their customers, able to think on their feet and outside of the box and enjoy the freedom to try new ideas that will grow their sales and be the best pub in the area. As a General Manager you will have responsibility and accountability for: Growing sales every day Being proud of your people Keeping your pub legal and your customers safe Investing in the future of the company by being profitable Delivering fantastic experiences for every customer on every visit. General Manager salary and benefits In return, as a General Manager, you will receive: Competitive salary Uncapped bonus scheme **** day s holiday Single private health care cover Stake holder pension scheme Extensive training and career progression opportunities Individual incentives This could be a fantastic opportunity for a General Manager to work in an environment that is fun as well as challenging with the training and development to take your career along the path of your choice  so come and talk to us.