Title: General Manager  Bristol
Webindex: 69669028
Company: Metro Professionals
Description: Working at a Metro Professionals pub If individuality is what you value most, this eclectic mix of cool urban pubs is a great place for you to build your food and drink skills. Distinctive pubs that locals call home Do you think a pub s personality should reflect the people that use it? We think so. Each pub is unique from the Garden Gate near Hampstead Heath which runs Pup Idol every summer, to the White Horse in Parson's Green, famous for its cask ales, huge range of everchanging draught beers and amazing American Beer Festival. A collection of pubs with an independent feel where professionals can enjoy great fresh food and one of the best drinks range in the country. You ll be encouraged to think on your feet and make your pub perfect for its local community. Welcome to Metro Professional The Mall Our pub in Clifton is special because it is a dual bar operation over **** levels with a secluded secret garden and plenty of room to expand the offer. The business is situated in the affluent and beautifully picturesque Clifton village, a short stroll away from the famous suspension bridge and just 2 miles out of Bristol. This is a fantastic opportunity to work in a business with an average net weekly take of **** and the successful applicant will ideally have at least 2 years experience of managing a similar style business with a **** net weekly take on food. You will be required to use entrepreneurial flair to grow the business, help coach and develop the team, ensure consistency and maintain excellent operating standards. The fact is, Metro Professionals pubs are designed to reflect the customers who use them and our pub in Clifton is no exception. It s distinctive, different, a little quirky even. So if you re an individual yourself, as General Manager you ll fit in perfectly. It ll be your job to make the whole thing tick  without losing your individuality of course What you ll do in this role The General Manager s role in a Metro Professionals pub is very special one and you ll need to be a very special person to handle it. For a start, you ll be managing, training and moulding a team of real individuals into consummate professionals. As well, of course, as maintaining the highest quality of food and service and being responsible for the pub s financial performance. As General Manager, you ll ensure that everything we serve up is of the highest standard, including the service You ll be training and leading a large team You ll ensure good first impressions, last impressions and those in between You ll nurture and grow the business You ll be on the fast track to a rewarding career with us You ll benefit from our awardwinning Management Programme What will make you perfect for the job? General Manager level experience in a high volume, branded restaurant, bar or pub A passion for delivering great service with the personal touch and attention to detail to ensure that every single customer comes back for more The personality, energy and charisma to inspire, lead and develop a large committed team The ability to impress a highly individual and diverse clientele The financial acumen to plan and grow the business to achieve its full potential What we offer Attractive salary Generous bonus scheme earn up to 100% of your salary General Manager benefits package A commitment to a quality training programme The potential to enjoy a long and successful career with us If you fancy a rewarding and challenging career where you can really go places apply now