Title: General Manager funky GRAB AND GO eatery/Growing Chain
Webindex: 70165484
Company: Randstad Retail
Description: THIS IS AN EXCITING TIME TO JOIN THIS GRAB AND GO BUSINESS A THEY ARE EXPANDING AND ARE LOOKING FOR VIBRANT GENERAL MANAGERS TO COME JOIN THEM AS THEY EXPAND THROUGH CENTRAL LONDON. As a General Manager you would be entirely responsible for the smooth operation of your store, both front and back of house. Whilst motivating training and developing your team to serve the best quality food and drinks and becoming a brand ambassador through service by constantly educating customers around the products. No General Manager has left this company for 18 months That is how great they are. Should have a minimum of two years experience as a manager in a similar branded, fast paced food lead retail environment. A natural people person with strong leadership skills and the ability to inspire and motivate a team of up to ten people. People are at the heart of what this company does and they are looking for fun, friendly outgoing people to really drive their chain. The right person should be able to prove they can exceed standards and goals. A great manager would have excellent communication, organisation and time management skills. Finally a passion for fresh food preparation and thriving in a busy environment is a must. This role is paying up to ****k basic with a discretionary bonus package half yearly and monthly bonus to be had. This company have amazing plans for expansion and their will be great opportunities to progress into General management in the future. The hours are **** per week mainly Monday to Friday, however you may need to work some weekends and some bank holidays. Aside to this you will receive a delicious lunch allowance and 20 days paid annual leave. If you have all of the above then please forward your C.V to Sarah Doyle of Randstad Retail. Or call (Apply online only) to discuss this great opportunity further. You should ideally come from a grab and go background, coffee chain background, restuarant background where you have had experience from a fresh food preparation side. This vacancy is being handled by Randstad Retail. Randstad Retail is the retail specialist division of Randstad, who act as an employment business and employment agency and are registered in England and Wales no **** as Randstad Retail Ltd. Registered office address First Floor, Regent Court, Laporte Way, Luton, Beds, LU**** 8SB. In the event that you are contacted for a role, please note that as part of the registration process you shall be required to provide Randstad with proof of identity as well as proof of eligibility to work in the United Kingdom