Title: Special Events Sales Manager
Webindex: 69730785
Company: Selsdon Park
Description: Special Events Sales Manager for Selsdon Park Golf Club The Company Principal Hayley Hotels and Conference Venues is a collection of **** stunning city hotels and dedicated conference and training venues, situated across the UK and Europe including London , Birmingham , Manchester and Edinburgh . The Hotel There's nothing shy or retiring about Selsdon Park Hotel Golf Club. Set in **** acres of gorgeous parkland, this NeoJacobean building offers the most uptodate conference and teambuilding capabilities. Just **** miles from central London , Selsdon has breathtaking views of the North Surrey Downs  plus an ****hole championship golf course for relaxing with your fellow delegates. Special Events Sales Manager  The Job In a position of Special Events Sales Manager you will be responsible for leading the special events team for supporting the Special Events Sales Manager and Special Events Sales Executive in the delivering of Monthly/Annual Wedding and Banqueting sales budget, through maximising all Special Event sales through efficient event coordination and up selling services and products to our customers. Working as part of the Special Events you will ensure that all contact with customers and guests transpires to become a reflection of the Hotel’s consistent delivery of the highest quality standards of products and service and to ensure smooth running of Special Event parties and clear and concise communication to the operations team . Special Events Sales Manager  The Person The Special Events Sales Manager well organised individual with attention to details. A passion for creativity and flair to WOW our guest and exceed all their expectations ensuring their events run smoothly and with complete satisfaction. Great conversational skills to have confidence to converse over the phone and in person to customers, along with hotel management, colleagues and external suppliers. A flexible and adaptable approach to work; along with the ability to juggle prioritise to meet deadlines and lead and guide the team. This position involves working within a sales office environment; team works as well as ability to work on ones own initiative is essential to achieve team and individual. Special Events Sales Manager  The Benefits In return we offer competitive Employee Benefits, such as 28 Days Annual Leave entitlement (inclusive of bank holidays), Discounted Accommodation and Long Service Awards. Free Parking, Free Uniform is included and a Free meal on duty. Please view our website at www.principalhayley.com to find out more about us. In line with the Asylum Immigration act all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/SpecialEventsSalesManager_job****