Title: Centre Manager Ashford
Webindex: 67772774
Company: Leisure Jobs
Description: Centre Manager Ashford Up to ****k basic, with ****% bonus and other benefits My client is a leading entertainment operator who is expert at providing a total entertainment experience. We are looking for a Centre Manager to take over the reins at one of UK's best indoor leisure attractions. The successful Centre Manager must have experience in leading a large and diverse team in a high volume business and can demonstrate strong financial and business awareness. The successful General Managers must have the strong leadership skills and be capable of influencing and inspiring their team to really deliver consistent outstanding customer service in an atmosphere that is safe, fun, entertaining and exciting, making our customers want to return time and time again. You will be highly visible, interacting with both your team and customers to meet and exceed expectations every time to make your business and team a success. We are looking to reward an enthusiastic and multifacetted experienced Centre Manager from a high volume, branded leisure/hospitality background. As a Centre Manager of this huge flagship site you'll be an influential leader, capable of developing teams committed to delivering the best customer service. You'll have a proactive approach, with a 'can do' attitude in organising and leading large teams (30) from the front on the floor and be willing to actively promote the business externally by establishing links with the local community. The Centre requires a strong leader with ambition, high standards and excellent communication skills. You must be fully P L literate and experienced in performance management, marketing, HR and all other operational roles. The ability to demonstrate a high level of Customer Service and an ability to lead from the front is essential. My client offers a fun and vibrant working environment combined with an excellent range of benefits, which include a contributory pension scheme with life insurance. Due to the large volume of anticipated applications for this position only those candidates matching the above criteria will be contacted. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com/JobSeeking/CentreManagerAshford_job****