Title: HEAD CHEF  BARCHESTER HEALTHCARE
Webindex: 70683728
Company: Barchester Homes
Description: What is expected of you as a Head Chef? Creativity, a passion for food, a dynamic approach  if these things describe you we would love to hear from you This challenging yet highly rewarding role requires someone with the ability to comprehensively manage all aspects of a kitchen; from the creation and development of well balanced and attractive menus to the effective management of food budgets. You will also have the desire to learn and the ability to inspire others as you will be leading the catering team in providing nutritious and well balanced meals for the people we support. Why join Barchester as Head Chef? As market leaders we place our residents first  and our people are the best. You will benefit from a wealth of experience and as a company that places a great emphasis on investing in its people, you will have the opportunity for both personal and professional development. Barchester's Learning and Development department gives you the freedom to develop professionally and create your own career pathway  it's just a case of high do you want to climb? How we're different Barchester has its very own Chef Academy giving you the opportunity to undertake various workshops and courses leading to nationally recognised qualifications. As these are programmes of learning at work, you can develop new skills and earn at the same time. Benefits include: • A great career pathway combined with skills development • Generous annual leave allowance • Secure and supportive working environment • Voluntary Benefit Scheme including: Retail Discount Vouchers, Child Care vouchers, Discounted Holiday / Leisure vouchers and much more • Employee help line to support staff in times of need Am I the right person to work for Barchester? If you've made the grade in your career so far and want to take the next step, Barchester Healthcare offers a supportive and committed working environment to support you in your career development. With the right qualifications and experience, all we ask is that you're self motivated and have genuine interest and enthusiasm  it's a great feeling helping the people we support celebrate life to the full, it could be just what you're looking for Successful candidates will have Basic Food Hygiene Certificate as a minimum and ideally will have City & Guilds/NVQ catering qualification.