Title: Head Waiter/Sommelier  Michelin star  Live in
Webindex: 68705054
Company: Gordon Charles Recruitment Ltd
Description: The Company My client owns a sustainable collection of fine dining restaurants in the UK. Each restaurant is individual, representing the highest standards the industry could offer. Each of the group s restaurants is run by Chefs and Front of House experts that were developed from within the Group giving all Team Members the chance to develop their own individual skills and ambitions to work at the highest level in the hospitality industry. My Client is not about quantity. It is certainly not a chain. It is a breeding ground for raw talent that can be harnessed and focused into running some of the industry s best and most highly regarded fine dining establishments. What we are looking for My client is looking for a Head Waiter with good wine knowledge to join their team. This role is responsible for the smooth running of the restaurant on a daily basis, ensuring we deliver high standards within all areas front of house. You will be responsible for delivering an elegant style of service, exceeding guest expectations throughout the restaurant. You will also be responsible for the continual development of the restaurant team through training and supervision. The ideal candidate will  Have experience as a Head Waiter or Waitress within a similar establishment  Be an excellent communicator with colleagues and managers  Have previous experience supervising and training a team  Demonstrate passion for attention to detail and high standards  Be someone who is willing to learn and develop  Have excellent guest service skills The Rewards Basic salary of ****k per annum Live in available Excellent career progression within the Group What Next If you would like to know more or you would like to apply for this exciting opportunity please email me at mariagordoncharles.co.uk. I look forward to hearing from you. PLEASE NOTE : Only suitable candidates will be contacted. If you have not heard back from us within **** working days please assume that your application has not been successful in this instance. Gordon Charles Recruitment is an equal opportunities employer and acts as an employment agency for Permanent Recruitment