Title: Brasserie ManagerStylish Restaurant Operation****kYorkshire
Webindex: 70487164
Company: Silvert Service
Description: Brasserie Manager****kYorkshire Highly Rated Hotel and Restaurant, with real style and sublime ambience is looking for an Brasserie Manager to join the team. This property is steeped in history and this is a fabulous opportunity, for a personality to take on their first senior management role. You will provide the service levels required to match the chef s innovative creativity and reputation. You will be responsible for the restaurant and team, as well as the financials. Some key criteria for the role is: 4 years experience in a quality food and service driven environment Experience of managing within a Food and Beverage service and managing an operation effectively Experience of working with budgets, targets and profit and loss accounts Experience of establishing processes and systems Experience of setting and monitoring progress against budgets Experience of, and enthusiasm for, leading and supporting change initiatives Ability to articulate how they have personally increased income and / or reduced costs Experience of creating a customer centred environment Experience of developing others Experience of identifying performance issues and addressing them effectively You will have key responsibilities: To be involved in training the Restaurant team To be committed to the team spirit and harmony Attend pre service meetings To be aware of, and comply with all statutory requirements on Health s Health departure when required To ensure that checks are undertaken on all cutlery, crockery and glassware prior to each service To assist in laying up tables during miseenplace i.e. cutlery, crockery, glassware, napkins etc The salary on offer is ******** per annum. You will work hours as required, 5 days out of 7, mainly splits. If you match the following criteria, then this position may be for you: 4 years quality dining experience at a supervisory level Immaculately presented Flexible in approach to work Strong Leader Good Wine Knowledge Effective Communicator Selfmotivated and disciplined Legal Right to work in E.U.(Documentary proof may be needed) Silvert Service is passionate about fostering careers in the hospitality industry. We believe in professional career development, rather than simply placing candidates in jobs. We nurture talent to ensure an enhancement of our client s and the industry s reputation as a whole. I would like to thank you for your interest shown in this position. Please note that we take your application very seriously, but must stress that applications will only be answered in person if they match the criteria of the position advertised.