Title: GCP Quality Assurance Auditor  Cambridgeshire
Webindex: 71189044
Company: Paramount Recruitment Pharmaceutical
Description: Senior Clinical QA Auditor  Cambridgeshire  Pharmaceutical An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Clinical Quality Assurance professional to join a world leading pharmaceutical company based in Cambridgeshire as a Senior GCP Quality Assurance Auditor. This expanding research and development company manufactures pharmaceutical prescription products in an extensive range of therapeutic areas including oncology, epilepsy and inflammation. As the GCP Quality Assurance Auditor you will report to the Clinical Quality Assurance Manager and be responsible for the audit program for Pharmacovigilance/Drug Safety and Clinical development functions. Key Responsibilities: ? Manage internal systems and external suppliers ? Ensure completion of essential documentation and investigator site audits ? Conduct GCP (Good Clinical Practice) audits ? Possible GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) and GLP (Good Laboratory Practice) audits ? Provide clinical and pharmacovigilance expertise to other staff members ? Host GCP and Pharmacovigilance regulatory inspections ? Establish procedures within clinical development and pharmacovigilance departments ? Assist with marketing authorisation application dossiers (MAA's) The role will require you to possess a relevant degree and direct experience working as a GCP / Clinical Auditor. Furthermore, you will have significant experience of investigator site audits and clinical quality assurance and also have experience of GCP regulated clinical research. Ideally you will possess knowledge and experience of pharmacovigilance, data management, statistics, oncology and neuroscience and a full driving licence together with a willingness to travel is essential. You should be organised, reliable and influential with excellent negotiation and written/verbal communication skills. This is an exceptional opportunity within a career driven and progressive organisation who offers excellent benefits including competitive salaries, a pension scheme, life assurance, health insurance and a generous holiday entitlement. Key Words  QA, Quality Assurance, Audit, Auditor, Auditing, Pharmacovigilance, Drug Safety, Pharmaceutical, Clinical, GCP, Good Clinical Practice, Oncology, Neuroscience, East Anglia, Cambridgeshire For further information on the role or company please contact myself, Sara Cork at Paramount Recruitment on **** **** **** Paramount Recruitment Limited provides services as an agency and an employment business. We regularly have similar roles in this area. Please see our website for details or send your CV in to us to find out the latest opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GCPQualityAssuranceAuditorCambridgeshire_job****