Title: Nurse Practitioner  London
Webindex: 68719205
Company: JS3 Recruitment
Description: Full Time Nurse Practitioner****kBrent, LondonJob Summary As pressures on A&E continue to increase, it’s clear that things have to change. Departments need to free up time for critical care, cut waiting times and still deliver a great patient service. To make these changes happen, our client has launched two innovative new Urgent Care Units in Brent and Ealing. Responsible To Lead Nurse Key Responsibilities As a skilled and competent Nurse Practitioner, you’ll be vital to the Units’ success, assessing, diagnosing, treating and discharging patients autonomously every day. As well as ordering investigations and interpreting results, you’ll be responsible for providing an excellent standard of patient care and health promotion to the general public accessing urgent care services. Skills & Experience You will have previously practised independently as a Practitioner managing your own caseload. A Prescribing qualification will be a benefit but is not essential. This is a fast paced and exciting environment suitable for those who enjoy a clinical challenge and a variety of clinical presentations. You must have a genuine passion for patient care, a commitment to service improvement, be a great communicator and enjoy working as part of a highly skilled team. Qualifications You will be a registered nurse with evidence of level 3 education in minor injury and or illness Additional Information Our client is a strong advocate of professional development and has a positive approach towards funding further education. This position is offered with an option of paid study leave and course funding to enable the right candidate to add to their Nurse Practitioner qualifications. Degree level modules in autonomous practice, minor injuries, minor illness or nurse prescribing are offered dependent on your individual need. We are committed to you and to ensuring that our patients receive the best care provided by experienced and educated health care professionals. Wherever possible we will ideally look to you to work across both Urgent Care Centres to ensure consistency but do offer a full range of flexible working patterns: nights/weekend contracts, P.T., job share and term time. Employment subject to an Enhanced CRB For more information please contact Martine Cohen at JS3 Recruitment on **** **** **** for a confidential chat.If you are responding directly to this position please attach your current CV and inform us of your current renumeration details and your availability for a Pre Screen / Telephone Interview.