Title: Experienced RHAD Job Lincoln
Webindex: 66190737
Description: We provide a community hearing service to those who are unable to travel to their local high street practice. We ensure the delivery of a high quality professional service, to meet company standards of patient care, customer satisfaction and commercial activity. Your contribution to the overall process lies in testing people with hearing difficulties, establishing whether they can be aided by amplified sound, delivering, fitting and adjusting hearing aids in the patient’s home. In addition you will carry out 'Aftercare' home visits, in the community. As an Hearing Aid Dispenser you will have frequent contact with customers who have a range of hearing needs that you need to be understanding of, and to a great extent be able to respond to and satisfy by offering the patient the opportunity of different levels of hearing technology and to be able to purchase all the complimentary products that would normally be available to them in the high street. Activities of the Experienced RHAD Job role: To promote best practice in the field To maintain effective means of communication at all times To be competent in all areas of dispensing and patient aftercare To be competent in the management of information, including daily company reports and information technologies To act as a positive ambassador at organised promotional events including trade shows Maintain high standards at all times of personal appearance, timekeeping, attendance and respect of company property To understand and adhere at all times to company Health and Safety procedures and to ensure that the vehicles are presentable and driven safely within the law Operate in line with company policies, procedures and current legislation at all times Committing to the company belief of 'always do what is right for the patient' Any other reasonable requests that may be made from time to time Key Attributes: Motivated and focused on achieving own goals. Confident about working within a regional team. Commercially aware, and happy to offer the customer what they need. Dedicated to exemplary patient service to ensure patient satisfaction. Excellent communication skills, with empathy and patience. Desire to do, see and enjoy a job well done. Confident driver and enjoys being out on the road. Benefits: Competitive salary Commission 28 days holiday entitlement (inclusive of Bank Holidays) Company car SatNav Company private pension scheme matched up to 5% gross salary contribution Laptop/Mobile phone Experienced RHAD Job Lincoln