Title: Residential Childcare Officers
Webindex: 69191435
Company: FPSG
Description: The Social Care Community Partnership are currently recruiting Experienced/ Qualified Residential Childcare Officers to work within Local Authority Care. We are looking to recruit staff that are committed to delivering best possible care to Children and Young People in a Care environment/Crisis Care/ Outreach work/ Support Work. Candidates will ideally have Experince/ Qualifications, ****yrs experince of working with Children and Young People in residential care or support setting. Candidates must possess a relevant qualification in Social Care, eg. SVQ **** in Health and Social Care, DipSW, CCETSW, Community Education, NNES, Degree or Masters in Social Work and be willing to arrange a face to face interview to register with our agency. The successful candidate must be registered with the PVG scheme,( this can be done through our agency) and must also have current registration with Scottish Social Services Council( SSSC). Applicants must have qualifications/training in Child Protection, CALMS training and or Getting It Right For Every Child( GIRFEC). Please be aware we are currently recruiting candidates with Full Time availability and those that have their own transport and Business Insurance. The Social Care Community Partnership has been working in partnership with local authorities and charities in Scotland for seven years. We are an award winning specialist staffing and service delivery organisation that have been recognised for their partnership approach to working with Local authorities and stakeholders for the protection and enhancement of children and young people inclusive of those effected by disabilities and have been acknowledged as being instrumental in improving outcomes within child protection inspection reports. Our organisation is passionate about ensuring that the services we deliver have a positive impact on the lives of the vulnerable children and young people we help to look after. Working with our partners utilising the GIRFEC model we deliver the following services.  Supervised contacts for children and families  Crisis care and early intervention  Staffing of young people's centres and secure units  Specialist emergency escort services  Outreach support  Placement of Social workers and Interim managers within Children and Families Social work Departments across the whole of Scotland. We are an active organisation that is very involved in collaboration for improvements in the safe procurement of health and social care services in Scotland to ensure that evolved partnerships are maintained for the best outcome of the child. For an informal chat or to arrange an interview please contact Alison on [blocked telephone] or email a recent updated CV