Title: Recruitment Assistant / Resourcer  East Surrey
Webindex: 68825007
Company: Barrington James Ltd
Description: As part of our expansion we are looking to recruit a Recruiting Assistant / Resourcer to join our European Head office in Horley, East Surrey. The start of a rewarding and well paid career begins here. Realistic 1st year OTE circa **** Perhaps you are looking for something more than just a 95 office job? Barrington James is one of the industry s most successful, specialist recruitment consultancies. We are 10 years old and have offices in the UK, New York and Singapore. We are a busy sales team, recruiting for the Pharmaceutical industry all over Europe. Working at Barrington James will give you the opportunity to learn key recruitment skills, work within an fascinating industry, become an expert within a certain discipline of the Pharmaceutical industry. The role will involve working closely within a small team of experienced Recruitment Consultants reporting to a sales manager  where you will identify and qualify midtosenior level candidates within both new and existing clients. This will be achieved through the following activity: Headhunting / Networking Searching our inhouse database Utilising internet based tools such as advertising job boards and professional networking sites Briefing / screening candidates by telephone Asking for referrals . Essentially the role involves a high level of telephone activity in a fast paced environment where you will be required to multitask. The successful candidate will be a bright, clever and ambitious individual with a strong sense of sales and customer service. You will have a confident telephone manner. Previous recruitment experience is not necessary and we will consider individuals from any commercial and / or professional background including recent Graduates. You will need to have a proactive mindset, competitive, Always seeking selfimprovement, Selfmotivated, Confident, be a good listener and always questioning. We do all of our work via telephone. The ability to speak a second European language will be desirable. Tailored training and development is ongoing throughout your career at Barrington James and our inhouse programme is one of the best in its class. Why work for Barrington James? Structured, ongoing inhouse training programme. Competitive commission. Superb offices and a very pleasant working environment. Numerous financial incentives. Genuine career progression opportunities. An opportunity to work for a wellestablished and forward thinking organisation. Realistic first year earning potential for Trainee Consultants ; **** Successful applicants will experience an ongoing training programme. In this time we will teach you how to transfer your experience and build the knowledge required to become a successful specialist recruiter within this sector. For more information or to apply for this position, please get in touch today. To apply Please send your CV with a covering letter addressed to Dean Govier quoting reference SP/RAR/**** at dgovierbarringtonjames.com Barrington James is a professional recruitment service which specialises in the placement of candidates within the Pharmaceutical Industry. Our service is professional and with over 28 years experience in the industry we offer the total recruitment solution. Click Here for URL removed Keywords  Recruitment jobs  careers in recruitment  pharma recruitment jobs  entry level recruitment jobs  recruitment jobs Surrey  Sussex recruitment roles  trainee recruitment jobs Surrey 