Title: Clinical Nurse Manager (RN)  Barchester
Webindex: 68068322
Company: Barchester Healthcare
Description: What is expected of you as a Clinical Nurse Manager (RN)? You will assist our Home Manager in the planning, directing and delivery of high quality person centred care. Ensuring the quality of service meets the national minimum standards, CQC standards, as well as following Barchester's internal policies and procedures. In addition to this you will be required to undertake staff reviews, team meetings, and you will deputise in the absence of the Care Home Manager. You will be a Qualified Registered Nurse (RGN) and be registered with the NMC. Why join Barchester as a Clinical Nurse Manager (RN)? At Barchester we support you to develop your leadership skills before you are asked to lead a team, not after you have struggled We start by offering a nationally recognised team development qualification, followed by a level 3 management NVQ, a certificate or diploma in management studies, a degree in management and even a Masters degree. A great career pathway when combined with clinical skills development. How we're different Barchester offers a range of diverse services, from nursing and care services for older people and people living with dementia, to accommodation, supported living and community support for children and adults with a range of different disabilities. With exposure to so many different areas of nursing, you will have the opportunity to build on your clinical skills or focus on a specialist area. At Barchester you will be faced with a range of exciting careers, training and challenges. We are focussed on recruiting and developing excellent staff; our staff turnover is less than half of the rest of the sector, once you join us you will want to stay with us to take advantage of the fantastic rewards we have to offer. Benefits include:  Competitive rates of pay  Access to a structured career development path and award winning training via the Barchester Business School which offer a range of training from NVQs to Masters Degrees  Free uniform  Generous Annual Leave Allowance  Employer contribution to a Stakeholder pension plan  Access to Barchester's Shopping Club for hundreds of savings from retail outlets  Subsidised health and personal accident insurance  Access to 'Busy Bees' Child Care Vouchers Scheme  Long Service Awards  Great working environment  Employee help line to support staff in times of need Am I the right person to work for Barchester? You'll need excellent clinical skills, combined with the ability to lead and motivate a team. A sound understanding of the Care Standards together with a Nursing qualification and current NMC registration are essential for this role.  NMC  Nursing Midwifery Council This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ClinicalNurseManagerRNBarchester_job****