Title: Senior Medical Advisor – Speciality Products
Webindex: 69691067
Company: Paramount Recruitment
Description: Senior Medical Advisor – Speciality Products – Berkshire An outstanding opportunity has arisen for a Medical professional to join a global, boardbased health care company specialising in Pharmaceuticals based in Berkshire in the South East of England as a Senior Medical AdvisorSpeciality products (HIV/paediatrics/vaccine/anaesthesia) on a permanent basis. This expanding and highly successful Health care Pharmaceutical Company specialises in the discovery of new medicines, new technologies and new ways to manage health. They work on the continuum of care, from nutritional products and laboratory diagnostics through medical devices and pharmaceutical therapies As the Senior Medical Advisor you will have the following main responsibilities: Key responsibilities: ?Develop and maintain indepth knowledge of the company’s products, relevant therapeutic areas and the structure and workings of the NHS ?Propose a medical strategy within the Brand Team and execute the Brand medical strategy as defined in the Brand Plan ?Provide expert medical input within the Brand Team & with all relevant functions ?Play an active part within Brand Teams and identify opportunities to work collaboratively with crossfunctional colleagues to deliver on brand objectives ?Establish and develop strong relationships with key external healthcare professionals ?Identify topics of interest among healthcare professionals and work with collaborative clinical groups to define Medical / scientific programs and activities including conducting Advisory Boards where appropriate ?Develop awareness and understanding of competitor issues/ intelligence ?Comanage national Clinical Education programs and ensure the validity of the scientific content The role will require you to be medically qualified and GMC registered as well as working in a Medical Advisor or Medical Affairs role in the Pharmaceutical Industry for at least 2 years. You will also have direct therapeutic experience in one of the following areas: HIV / paediatrics / vaccine / anaesthesia and extensive knowledge of the ABPI and code of practice and experience in GCP. You should have excellent communication skills, be a great team player, with substantial organisation and project management skills. This is a unique and exciting opportunity to work within an exception career driven and progressive Company working in a broad based position, providing exposure to all aspects of drug development and offering excellent benefits and competitive salaries. Key Words – Senior Medical advisor, Medical Advisor, HIV, paediatrics, vaccine, anaesthesia, medical affairs, ABPI, code of conduct, code of practice, therapeutic, medicine, medical doctor, M.D. MD, South East, scientific, advice, England, UK For further information on the role or company please contact myself, Sara Cork at Paramount Recruitment on [blocked]. Paramount Recruitment Limited provides services as an agency and an employment business. We regularly have similar roles in this area. Please see our website for details or send your CV in to us to find out the latest opportunities.