Title: Optometrist Practice Manager  Norfolk
Webindex: 68663521
Company: Inspired Selections
Description: Job Description: Inspired Selections  Optometrist Practice Manager  Norfolk  This leading optical group are looking for quality driven optometrist practice manager in the Norfolk area to provide outstanding customer care, both in your practice and in the local area. Your practice is the opticians of choice for the community. You ll provide outstanding customer care, and a professional optometry service that exceeds the expectations of your customers. You ll be focused on delivering a vision and purpose in line with their strategy. Excellent customer care will drive profitable sales. Your behaviours, interpersonal and professional skills help your customers to have the best possible eye sight, to enhance this company s brand. You ll play your role in leading, inspiring and developing the team you work with. Together, you ll deliver legendary service to your customers which will make this company the opticians of choice. You ll ensure your practice complies with the code of ethics, professional standards, relevant legislation and company procedures. You ll also work to improve professional practice and standards to demonstrate clinical governance. You re creating the best practice possible. So every minute of every day you ll be looking for ways to improve your procedures and operations, making recommendations and working with your practice manager to take action. You will ensure that key professional initiatives are delivered in a way that will optimise sales and customer care. You ll create a learning environment in your practice, which enables you to build your own and your professional team s capabilities. You ll identify opportunities for learning, and use these to build the practice team. Together, you and your team will deliver the best results for the practice. You ll lead by example, and encourage teamwork and the sharing of knowledge. For more information contact Inspired Selections on **** **** ****