Title: Management/Admin : Residential Home Managers jobs in Suffolk
Webindex: 69145185
Description: Flame Care Jobs  Children's Residential Home Manager Jobs in Suffolk Flame Care are currently working alongside an established residential children's home in recruiting a Residential Home Manager to join them at their home based within Suffolk. This home is a six bedded, therapeutic residential home for vulnerable girls with challenging behaviour aged 1118 years old. As the Registered Manager, you will be accountable for delivering high quality care to the children and young people resident within the home. You will be responsible for the delivery of all care services, as well as the strategic planning for developments within this home, and all of the day to day management matters. You will be responsible for delivering childcare that is focussed on obtaining the best outcomes for each child and young person within this home. You will also be expected to demonstrate practical leadership in childcare and organisation to provide the best possible care for each child and young person. This role will involve being personally available, supervising and mentoring of staff, organisation of work patterns, facilitation of care focussed training, and accessing of appropriate services to support the childcare practices within the home. As this is a vital role in the lives of children and young people cared for, it requires an active and long term commitment. The ideal candidate will hold either a NVQ Level 4 Management or NVQ 4 Care, and or RMA. You will also need to have knowledge of the Children Act **** Care Standards Act 2000 Children's Home Regulations and Safeguarding children procedures. 37.5 hours per week, you are expected to arrange your own work rota which may involve evening, weekend and sleepingin duties. To apply for this job or enquire about additional Residential Home Manager Job Opportunities the Suffolk Region  Contact Flame Care Freephone on **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email careersflamecare.com Flame Health Associates LLP incorporating Flame Care operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business