Title: OAKINGTON Home Nurse Manager RGN  Cambridge
Webindex: 68308963
Company: Nurses Etc Ltd
Description: Care Home Manager / Nursing Home Manager We are currently looking for a Care Home Manager / Nursing Home Manager for a private nursing home. The main duties of the Care Home Manager / Nursing Home Manager are: To manage the day to day running of the home and staff team ensuring the highest level of care standards are upheld. You will lead by example and provide strong support, coaching and mentoring to everyone. To support service users to ensure that their physical, social and emotional needs are met. To support the personal development of each service user, ensuring that they are treated as an individual with their own unique support needs. To ensure that the dignity and individuality of each service user is respected and that they are able to exercise choice in all areas of their life. To ensure that service users’ Care Plans are completed to a high standard and are uptodate. To ensure that infection control protocols are maintained. Maintain a safe working environment through regular health and safety inspections and audit. To work in accordance with the companies vision statement, policies and procedures, and all relevant legislation. Budget Management Recruitment: You’ll be able to identify the correct mix of knowledge and abilities needed, in order to create a wellbalanced and highly experienced team. You will be maintaining personnel files and training records for your staff. The Care Home Manager / Nursing Home Manager will be responsible for staff appraisals, disciplinary and dismissals. You will investigate complaints as and when required. To be considered for the position of Care Home Manager / Nursing Home Manager you will need to meet the following requirements: You will need to be RGN (Registered General Nurse) qualified. A valid NMC Pin number is necessary. Willingness to complete desirable courses as relevant to the role. Budgetary and administrative skills. Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines. A proven track record in management is required. You must have excellent communication and interpersonal skills.Experience of commissioning a care home from the start would be a distinct advantage. This position is subject to an Enhanced CRB disclosure which will be completed upon successful application.