Title: Registered Estate Manager
Webindex: 69266023
Company: Forces Recruitment Services  Ltd
Description: SW****: Registered Estates Manager Location: Burgess Hill, West Sussex Salary: **** A Registered Estates Manager is required for Assisted Living homes in Burgess Hill, West Sussex. The Registered Estates Manager will have overall responsibility for the daytoday operational running of the Assisted Living development. The following job profile is intended to give a general indication of the range of work undertaken. In the light of changing demands and priorities within the Assisted Living developments duties will vary. Substantial changes in the range of work undertaken will be carried out in consultation with the Estates Manager. Key Tasks The Registered Estates Manager will be accountable to the Operational Board for the following: • Leading, directing, supervising and supporting staff teams. • Managing the promotion of domiciliary care services to residents of the development and potentially in the locality. You will be registered with the Care Quality Commission. • Assessing the support and care requirements of prospective residents in conjunction with the Estates Managers within the area and maintaining records as appropriate. • Undertaking regular reviews of residents’ requirements in liaison with families and other professionals where appropriate. • Assisting in the internal audit and quality assurance processes and provides a high quality care, support and estate management function for the residents. • Ensuring compliance with Health and Safety requirements within the developments, maintaining a safe and healthy environment for residents, staff and visitors, and managing emergency situations appropriately. • Ensuring that all financial policies and procedures are fully maintained and managing targeted expenditure of the Assisted Living Schemes. Estate Management: • Monitor on a daily basis the provision of services and facilities, including all communal areas, the guest suite and well being of the residents in the development. • Liaise with the Chef/Cook on a daily basis to ensure the smooth running of the catering service as well as holding regular weekly meetings with the Catering Manager to monitor catering at the development. • Liaise with MSMS Ltd to ensure that all repairs are attended to promptly and to ensure equipment maintenance and redecoration programmes are completed on schedule with the minimum disruption to the residents. • Monitor budgetary systems for meals, food, domestic assistance and personal care. Ensure that accurate systems for the recording of services received by residents and subsequent production of invoices are adhered to at all times. • Assist with the resale of apartments by arranging to show interested parties around the development and to ensure the ‘sparkle cleans’ are undertaken before the resident moves in. • Respond to any emergency during hours of work and live within **** miles of Burgess Hill in case of out of hours emergencies. Care and Support Services: • Provide information and support to enable residents to live independently and to assist the residents to arrange a variety of social activities as required. • Provide a care and support response tailored to meet the identified needs of individual residents, liaising with health and social care professionals as required. • Liaise with other professionals, family, neighbours, volunteers etc as necessary. Staffing: • Work with the Human Resources department in recruitment and selection procedures and develop an effective staff team to create a good skill mix. Ensure that all staff receive appropriate Induction Training and other training and development opportunities. • Ensure appropriate staffing numbers are met at all times and that staff rosters are effectively covered. Undertake and delegate appraisals and the effective supervision for the staff team. • Ensure effective performance management, addressing poor practice and dealing with grievances and disciplinary issues as required. Policies & Procedures: • Ensure that internal audits are completed. • Ensure that the company’s Policies and Procedures are implemented, audited and reviewed to keep up to date with service developments, with specific reference to quality and safety. • Ensure that all statutory and regulatory requirements are met. • You will respond and cooperate with National, County and the corporate safeguarding policies and procedures. General • Work at all times in accordance with the Assisted Living service philosophy. • Undertake other such duties as may be required by the Operations Board. • May be required to undertake duties in other locations operated by the employer The post holder will be subject to an Enhanced Disclosure from the Criminal Records Bureau. All applicants will also be checked against the ISA register (Independent Safeguarding Authority). All offers of employment are subject to the completion of satisfactory checks. Such checks will continue to be made throughout the post holder’s employment in line with statutory requirements. Person Specification Key skills and experience include: • Minimum of NVQ Level 3 Care or equivalent (preferably Level 4) or RMA or willing to work towards Level 5 Diploma in Leadership for Health & Social Care within 6 months • Desirable NVQ Assessors award and Manual Handling Trainer • Experience of working with older people and understanding their needs • Post holder to live within **** miles of the centre to be able to respond to out of hours emergencies • Budgetary management, experience of cost control and maximising income • Experience of evaluating service delivery • Ability to remain calm under pressure. Interested applicants will be expected to complete and return by email a simple application form to which CVs must be pasted. Forces Recruitment Services are providing the services of a Recruiting Consultancy for my client. Salary: **** [contact details removed]