Title: Production Process Engineer
Webindex: 64823802
Company: Key Recruitment Limited
Description: Job Title Production Process Engineer Process Engineering Manufacturing Reports to : Process Engineering Manager Job Purpose: To support Manufacturing Operations in achieving their targets volumes, yields, efficiency and quality. Identify areas for Process Improvement, then either lead or actively support the improvement project from acceptance to validation. Develop and maintain production related documentation, ensuing these documents are correct, up to date and reflect our current Good Manufacturing Procedures (GMP). Assist the NPI (New Product Introduction) process to ensure the most efficient transfer of new products from introduction to volume production. Key Responsibilities: Health To ensure that the Company s Health To report any hazards or concerns to the company Directors and to make recommendations for improvement. To ensure all staff use the protective equipment provided and follow laid down safety procedures. Keeping the workplace clean and tidy at all times To ensure the Quality Policy is understood and actions are consistent with the policy To ensure all Standard Operating Procedures are understood and followed and Good Manufacturing Procedures (GMP) are maintained Understand and implement the Change Control procedures ensuring all procedures are kept up to date. To be aware of relevant product related defects. To accurately and fully complete all data entries onto the process records. Promoting best practice and acting in the best interests of the company. Main Duties Understand and implement the Validation procedure. To understand the upstream and downstream processes. To be multiskilled in the following: o Operating, troubleshooting and optimizing manufacturing processes and process equipment within Manufacturing o Monitoring process and equipment performance and capability o Diagnosing process and equipment weakness and improving accordingly o Involvement in process and product development initiatives. o Writing of technical reports o Writing of validation protocols and reports o To train production and technical staff in the use of equipment. Occasional trips to Hungary and visits to suppliers as required. To carry out any other duties as requested by the Process Engineering Manager Contacts Internal Direct manufacturing process areas, Process Support Engineers, QA, Technical Department, R Green Belt Experience of Six Sigma, SPC, DofE. Personal qualities Ability to communicate effectively at all levels. Excellent attention to detail and accuracy. Able to use own initiative Flexible. Self  motivated. Takes responsibility for own work Team Player. Honest and loyal. Can do attitude. Looks to exceed performance requirements Able to influence colleagues and lead project teams. Level of education HNC/HND Engineering or Science. B.Sc or B.Eng in Science or Engineering