Title: Branch Manager Fostering
Webindex: 69258271
Description: An exciting opportunity for a Senior Social Worker or Manager to set up and run a fostercare service in the Nottingham area. Some duties will include:  Providing professional leadership to staff and fostercarers.  Training, development and support to both staff and fostercarers.  To assist the quality assurance officer to manage and maintain the quality assurance system as set out in the The Fostering Services Regulations'.  To market the fostering service to the local authorities' as well as various individual staff who have responsibility for placement decisions and to be responsible for marketing to prospective Fostercare applicants.  To provide a fast response service to local authority and fostercarers and offer a ****hour emergency service.  Supporting the Fostercare Panel process.  To manage the Branch Office budget effectively and adhere to Annual Business Plan Objectives.  To participate in all aspects of personnel management, including staff management recruitment, training, disciplinary proceedings, performance measurement and staff appraisal.  To appraise the performance of the Branch Office team, to set new or revised objectives and agree any training and development needs of each in line with Company performance appraisal procedures. Essential requirements for this role: You must have a social work qualification and at least three years experience as a senior social worker in an independent fostercare agency (management experience desirable). You will have the ability to manage people and resources effectively as well as be able to demonstrate a track record in developing new business. The post comes with a company car, performance related bonus, life assurance and a health scheme. For further information or to apply please call Jo Allcott on **** **** **** or send your CV to j.allcottedenbrown.com Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.