Title: Qualified Social Worker Peterborough Referral and Assessment
Webindex: 46635197
Description: Qualified Social Worker is required to join a Referral and Assessment Team. The ideal Social Worker will have 2 years post qualified experience of assessment work and will be required to carry out parenting assessments on families. The work will include assessing families in residential and community assessments, writing reports and attending court. Working within the Children's Referral and Assessment team you will have the following responsibilities:  Undertake the assessment of children, families and carers using the relevant assessment framework.  Develop and participate in relevant care plans.  Ensure that service users' views are fully recorded during the assessment process and where possible are reflected in the subsequent case planning.  Prepare and present reports in a clear and logical way, and contribute to multiagency conferences and meetings as appropriate.  To include cost / 'best value' considerations in identification of resources and case planning.  Undertake single or joint agency enquiries to assess likely and actual harm to children and take appropriate action to ensure their safety.  Develop and implement child protection plans.  To lead on complex assessments with children, young people and their families/carers where there are specific concerns requiring a high level of specialist involvement. The successful Social Worker will be GSCC registered and require a current CRB. Working with Eden Brown offers:  Access to the broadest selection of Social Work vacancies in the UK  The choice of PAYE or limited company schemes  Twice weekly payroll service  Excellent rates of pay  Named Consultant If you are interested in this role or any other Qualified Social Worker jobs please click apply today. Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.