Title: Sr Clinical Research Associate
Webindex: 67900167
Company: Austin Fraser
Description: Senior Clinical Research Associates (Sr CRA) Austin Fraser is currently working with the one of the UK s largest Clinical Research Organisation (CRO) to recruit a number of Senior Clinical Research Associates (Sr CRA) in a number of locations throughout the UK. My client has helped develop or commercialise over **** of the best selling drugs on the market today. You will be offered great training and the chance for career development as they aim to offer their employees the best possible opportunity to fulfil your career aspirations. Whether you want to move onto senior positions or to work in one of there international sites, these opportunities really are second to none. We are looking for loyal hard working people that want a career where you will help develop products that will not only help people with serious illness prolong their lives but also help sustain a better quality of living. As a Senior Clinical Research Associate (Sr CRA) you will perform site selection, initiation, monitoring and closeout visits working in accordance of Good Clinical Practice (GCP). Part of your role will be to provide monitoring visits and site management for a variety of protocols, sites and therapeutic areas. Other responsibilities include: Administer protocol and related study training to assigned sites and establish regular lines of communication with sites to manage ongoing project expectations and issues. Evaluate the quality and integrity of study site practices related to the proper conduct of the protocol and adherence to applicable regulations. Escalate quality issues to Clinical Team Lead (CTL) and/or line manager. Manage the progress of assigned studies by tracking regulatory submissions and approvals, recruitment and enrolment, case report form (CRF) completion and submission, and data query generation and resolution. Create and maintain appropriate documentation regarding site management, monitoring visit findings and action plans by submitting regular visit reports and other required study documentation. May provide assistance to more less experienced clinical staff. My client values individuality, fresh ideas, and the contribution their employees make to their success. In return they offer career opportunities providing flexibility and growth across the organisation, competitive salary and benefits package, worklife balance initiatives and social events. These are just some of the incentives my client has to offer