Title: Clinical Deputy Manager RGN or RMN  Guildford
Webindex: 69616118
Company: Goodall Brazier Ltd
Description: If you like working in an environment where you can use your leadership skills, work in a team environment and enjoy making a difference in the lives of seniors, their families and team members, we'd like to hear from you.My client is whollyowned subsidiary of the charity Care operator. Operating a portfolio of eleven high quality care homes located throughout England, my clients provide the highest standards of care for the discerning individuals. This is a beautiful countryside home that any successful candidate would love to work and be proud.You will be part of a dynamic and talented team of professionals dedicated to the highest standards of excellence and quality of care. You will find opportunities that provide more than just a job. We build personal relationships and trust with each of our residents by selecting a designated care manager for each resident. This benefits the residents and team members by deepening the understanding and bond between them.As the Clinical Manager and department leader, you will facilitate and lead the clinical team in the nursing unit of the home. This includes recruiting, hiring, training and coaching a high quality team. Providing recognition and creating an engaged culture for your team members, residents and families will be an important part of your leadership role. You will be reporting into the General Manager; however you will be responsible for leading the clinical team forward and providing quality with leadership.Location: Surrey  Virginia Water Salary ****K to ****K depending on experience The Candidate Minimum one year supervisory / management experience, including hiring, coaching, performance management, employee relations and supervision of daily operations in assisted living or long term care. Registered Nurse (RGN or RMN) Essential Demonstrated good judgement, problem solving and decision making skills Proficient computer skills, including Microsoft Office with the ability to learn new applications Effective organisation, time management, and written and verbal communication skills The ability to handle multiple priorities and delegate assignments. A dedication to seniors and their wellbeing is also essential. Clinical background experience is essentialInterviewing immediately, so please send CV’s to sam.mwandogoodallbrazier.com to call me on ****Goodall Brazier is one of the fastest growing Social Care recruitment Consultancies in the UK. Specialising in two main areas of healthcare recruitment, having teams of professional recruiters to tackle both clinical and back of house solutions. We recruit in particular Nurses, Management, Regional management and Directors.