Title: Security Sales Representative
Webindex: 68545525
Company: Spectrum Acquisitions
Description: Security Sales Representative Do you have a strong background in customer service with a drive for new business generation sales with a proven and successful track record? Client: With a reputation as the UK s leading provider of electronic fire and security solutions. With a **** strong team, they can combine nationwide resources with local presence. Providing the solutions homeowners and businesses need to protect their buildings and business; from the smallest shop to the largest retail centre; from workshops to car plants; from underground car parks to the tallest office blocks. They protect hotels, factories, banks and airports. And course they protect homes right across the UK. As a result of continual growth they are seeking a Security Sales Representative to expand across the UK beginning in the Birmingham City Centre office. Security Sales Representative Opening:  Manage all retention activities  Responsible for retention, customer satisfaction and growth within the customer base  Deliver increased sales against an assigned quota  Act as the primary point of contact for the assigned customer base and develop a positive ongoing relationship with customers  Interface effectively with district operations to deliver and improve service delivery  Determine customer needs and develop sales strategies to meet those objectives Candidate: The ideal Security Sales Representative will:  Have student mentality  Have a proven track record of achievement in terms of sales  Be able to consistently meet realistic set targets  Have strong communication skills  Be able to present presentations to the public  Be able to work autonomously and be able to build and maintain strategic long term relationships  Be over the age of ****  Be local to Birmingham City Centre  MUST BE ABLE TO WORK **** HOURS/WEEK (due to clients need to expand)  Have unrestricted rights to work in the UK On offer is the opportunity to join a global powerhouse, which provides continuous training and development and realistic career progression. On offer for the suitable candidate is an attractive package with uncapped commission structure, which will see your OTE up to ****/week. All earnings are based entirely on completed applications and sales. About Us: Spectrum Acquisitions, we communicate more consistently and generate personal relationships with your target audience. Direct selling is the oldest form of sales in the world and by encouraging a strong loyal relationship between the customer and your brand we offer a significant point of difference than your competitors ever could. Should this opening be of interest, please contact our Administration Team quoting reference number ADTSPECT or email your CV and contact details by hitting the Apply Now . Please send your CV in word format only.