Title: Clinical Assessor Trainer
Webindex: 68718598
Company: NHS Lanarkshire
Description: Salus are the occupational health, safety and return to work division of NHS Lanarkshire; we operate similar to a social enterprise model , with profits from external contracts directed to patient care. Salus have recently been awarded a contract to deliver personal independence assessments across Scotland on behalf of Atos and DWP. “We will ensure all assessments are delivered in a compassionate and transparent manner, supported by robust governance.” Mark Kennedy, General Manager, Salus. As the Clinical Assessor/Trainer you will undertake PIP specific training for trainers and subsequently roll out a programme of training for PIP clinical assessors as required by DWP. Providing and delivering training needs analysis, initial and refresher training programmes for PIP clinical assessors and new PIP clinical assessor/trainers including ongoing mentorship as required dependent on quality audit feedback. You will in association with the PIP Senior Case Manager and Business Manager, provide and deliver a CPD programme for all PIP team staff. Providing a high quality assessment service for claimants of PIP, you will assesses PIP claimants against the criteria set out by Department of Work and Pensions (DWP). The post holder provides DWP with a completed assessment report based on the descriptors provided. The assessment report will advise DWP about the PIP claimant’s health conditions and disabilities, any treatment they are receiving, how the health conditions affect the claimant in relation to activities of daily living and mobility, which descriptors apply to the claimant and evidence based justifications for the advice given. The post holder ensures that an excellent standard of customer service is provided at all times. Educated to post graduate diploma level or equivalent within a relevant field, HPC/NMC registered, relevant post graduate training or equivalent continuing professional development in a relevant area of practice, in addition 3 years post registration experience is required with 2 years within a relevant speciality. Appropriate knowledge of the clinical aspects of a wide range of health conditions and disabilities as well as relevant experience of delivering multidisciplinary staff training are all essential criteria for this post. Employer details: NHS Lanarkshire