Title: Service Manager – HMP YOI Feltham
Webindex: 72342129
Company: Care UK
Description: Established for more than 30 years, Care UK is one of the UK s leading independent providers of health and social care services and we re expanding all the time. We run hospitals, treatment centres, care homes and day centres, as well as providing homecare. Our services are at the heart of communities nationwide, and help people live happier, healthier, more independent lives. Join our healthcare unit at HMP YOI Feltham, and you ll enable us to provide firstrate healthcare services to young people (aged between **** ****) as well as young adults (aged between **** ****). You ll achieve this by proactively managing the unit, taking on a remit that s both strategic and operational. It will be your responsibility to establish the Unit s future direction, and to ensure that it continues meeting its defined contractual agreements. You ll also keep everything running smoothly from day to day, overseeing everything from data integrity to working processes and policies. There s a considerable amount of staff management involved, and you ll personally lead, motivate and develop your team. You ll make sure the unit makes the best possible use of all its resources, as you control its budget and work within a defined financial framework. Naturally, you ll need indepth understanding of clinical governance, supported by a successful track record in staff development and budget management. As the Registered Manager, you ll also be responsible for the unit s adherance to the CQC s policies and procedures. We ll also be looking for experience of managing shifts, implementing action plans, carrying out risk assessments, and working cooperatively with seniorlevel colleagues. This is a superb opportunity for a skilled problemsolver who s on part **** of the Nursing and Midwifery Council Register. We offer excellent benefits, and the chance to be part of a business that s growing all the time join us, and there s no limit to how far you could go in years to come. Above all, you ll be part of a strong, supportive, closeknit team. Diverse as we are, we all have one thing in common every single one of us loves what we do. To apply, please click on apply now.