Title: Team Manager  Barnsley
Webindex: 71804540
Company: SWIIS Healthcare
Description: Team Manager SWIIS urgently requires a Team Manager to work within the South Yorkshire area.The successful candidate will lead and manage a team including social workers, social work assistants and occupational therapists. The service is provided to children with a disability and their families. Services include assessment; provision of packages of care and arrangements for transition to adulthood. There is a requirement that the successful candidate takes part in the Managers On Call service on a rotational basis. It is essential that you hold a relevant Social Work qualification (DipSw or BA in Social Work or Equivalent).Why SWIIS?SWIIS is a provider of quality services, led by people who have extensive knowledge of the health and social care industry and the needs of the different sectors within which we work. SWIIS offers all workers full continuous professional training, dedicated consultant and 24 hour oncall support, and flexible working opportunities to meet individual workers’ requirements within their skill sectors.Details and Benefits Salary ****  **** per hour Essential requirements HSPC MA/BA in social work/DipSW. Minimum of 3 years’ relevant recent practice experience. Ability to work in the UK without visa restrictions. Capacity to lead and excel within a multidisciplinary team. Apply now If you have the skills, attitude and experience to be successful in this role, we want to hear from you today. Please submit an uptodate CV detailing a full employment and study history via this website or to workswiishealthcare.com. SWIIS is an Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. SWIIS is an equal opportunities employer.Due to the volume of applicants, if you have not received a response from us within 14 days, please assume that you have not been successful in your application. Terms and conditions apply.