Title: Adult Nurse  RGN  Middlesex
Webindex: 72609820
Company: THORNBURY Community Services
Description: Job Description Adult Nurse As an employment agency, Thornbury Nursing Services (TNS) are always looking for Adult Nurses to deliver client specific care to patients with complex care needs within a home setting. Our registered nurses are responsible for daytoday care of the client, as well as supporting both the patient s family, and any healthcare assistants working within the package. Therefore whilst previous community experience is not essential, you must be confident as a lone worker, as well as working within a team setting. Job Details Help in the assessing of each patient s nursing care needs Plan, deliver and implement the agreed plan of care Discuss the updating of care plans as necessary, and maintain accurate records Support and supervise Healthcare Assistants to maintain a high standard of care Necessary Skills An adult nurse (RGN) with a minimum of 6 months UKbased complex health care experience within the last three years. Current NMC registration Applicants should be friendly, selfmotivated, have excellent communication skills and a keen interest in community based nursing Desirable Skills Full UK driving licence with access to a vehicle for work purposes Nursing roles with a difference, this is an opportunity for nurses to focus on providing excellent care and attend to the needs of a patient and their family, developing relationships and providing stability to their care provision. You will have the option of working around existing commitments or taking the exciting step of fulltime agency work. Benefits Thornbury Community Services provides **** hr on call support from a registered nurse Highly competitive pay rates with a travel allowance of ****p per mile. We will also reimburse up to **** (per trip) if you use public transport Bonus and incentive schemes available Option to join stakeholder pension scheme Holiday pay paid on every shift Easily accessible mandatory training updates Regular team meetings to ensure you are uptodate with any changes within your package Thornbury Community Services is a leading independent provider of nursing care in a community setting. If you are looking for an extremely rewarding role join us and help transform the life of a family. Thornbury Community Services currently have a wide variety of opportunities available so please feel free to contact us regarding this or any of our exiting opportunities on **** **** **** or email us at communityrecruitmenttnsltd.com .