Title: Band 7 Occupational Therapist
Webindex: 68718553
Company: Capability Scotland
Description: We are looking for an HCPC registered Occupational Therapist to join our Scotlandwide occupational therapy service led by Elizabeth MacDonald, Lead Clinical Manager. The successful candidate will provide a service primarily between two Edinburgh services which provide care for adults with complex health needs. The successful applicant will possess and be able to demonstrate skills which result in positive outcomes for customers with multiple and complex needs in all areas of occupational performance that are important to them and their carers. You will have experience in facilitating inclusion through direct intervention with customers, supporting and advising staff and in the use of assistive technology. The ability to manage and prioritise your own workload is essential as are excellent organisational and communication skills. We offer a commitment to supervision, appraisal and continuous professional development. Our team has a varied range of expertise and inservice training and ongoing support is offered. As travel may be required, a full driving licence is essential. Capability is willing to consider alternative arrangements that achieve the same outcomes for those candidates that have a disability which prevents them from having a driving licence. Successful applicants will be appointed at the first pay point. Capability Scotland is committed to providing services which embrace diversity and which promote equality of opportunity. We are happy to consider jobshare applications and are committed to equality and valuing diversity within our workforce. Capability Scotland, Scottish Charity SC**** Employer details: Capability Scotland campaigns with, and provides education, employment and care services for, disabled children and adults across Scotland. The charity employs over **** staff primarily in the Central Belt and North East. The workforce comprises of a wide variety of roles including Allied Health professionals, Teachers, Care and Support staff.