Title: Band 6 Community Mental Health Nurse Older People
Webindex: 71295882
Company: Sanctuary Personnel
Description: Band 6 Community Mental Health Nurse  Older People Our client has a vacancy for a Community Mental Health Nurse to work within an Older People s Team based in Lancashire. The pay rate for this role is **** per hour. Duties   Ensuring the correct administration of medication, including injections, and monitoring the results of treatment.  Managing a clinical caseload of service users requiring assessment and intervention regarding their emotional and Mental Health needs.  Providing care coordination including needsled interventions, referrals and liaison with other agencies both within and outside of the Trust. Requirements   All applicants must have a RMN first level registration, valid NMC registration.  A minimum of 2 years post qualifying experience working with Older People in the Community. Contact  This job is advertised by Stefan Mallett, if you are interested in this position please click below to apply now. What you can expect from Sanctuary Mental Health:  Support from a dedicated consultant with extensive mental health experience  Choice of a variety of positions throughout the UK within many specialism s  Excellent rates of pay  Automatic job alerts tailored to your requirements and experience  PAYE or LTD company payments  Excellent Referral Scheme  **** for each successfully placed referral Sanctuary Mental Health dedicate themselves to delivering Registered Mental Health Nurses, Community Psychiatric Nurses, Registered Learning Disability Nurses, Social Workers, Advanced Mental Health Practitioners, Mental Health Practitioners, Care Coordinators and Mental Health Occupational Therapists. About Sanctuary:  Preferred supplier to **** local authorities and organisations such as the NHS, Social Services and Private Hospitals.  Specialist social work training division Sanctuary Training  We have our own DBS (formerly CRB) umbrella body, including faster online DBS applications  Double winners of the 2012 national Recruiter Awards for Excellence in the Best Public Sector Recruitment Agency and Best Client Service categories  Sixtime winners of the Archant Recruitment awards