Title: Technical Manager  Pharmaceuticals
Webindex: 72450156
Company: SRG
Description: Technical Manager  Pharmaceuticals ****  ****  Excellent Benefits (Based in Wiltshire) Have you got substantial technical experience in Pharmaceutical Process Development Manufacturing? Would you like to work for a growing innovative company? Reporting to the Operations and Quality Director, you'll play a lead role in the the technical project management of Pharmaceutical development and manufacturing projects. You'll act as a technical expert for a variety of products covering solid dose, liquid and other dosage forms. Specific Responsibilities include;  Ensure that all product specifications, analytical methods and manufacturing documentation at contract manufacturers (CMOs) are consistent with the current registered Marketing Authorisation (or technical file) and all internal documentation.  Act as the lead troubleshooter when technical problems are experienced with the production or development of products and to work with CMOs and other service providers to resolve these problems.  Help support the investigation of product complaints.  Anticipate regulatory changes to products or manufacturing sites and to liaise with Regulatory Affairs and Product Procurement to implement those changes in a timely fashion.  Review and update products, manufacturing processes and analytical methods to ensure consistency with current best practice, regulatory requirements, risk reduction and cost effectiveness. Promote, implement and support any improvements identified.  Help implement the production strategy so as to reduce risk to the supply chain.  Manage the technology transfer of products from one manufacturer to another by working with all parties concerned.  To participate in the development and introduction of new products as required.  Contribute to the management and development of the business by being an active member of the Business Teams. To be considered for this role it is expected you'll have the following skills/experience;  Degree qualified in chemistry, pharmacy or pharmaceutical sciences (or with equivalent experience)  Substantial experience in the pharmaceutical industry in product development (formulation packaging), process development or technical services  Substantial knowledge and experience in the formulation, development and manufacture of at least one conventional pharmaceutical dosage, experience of sterile products would be advantageous  Extensive knowledge of pharmaceutical GMP, experience in quality audits would be an advantage  Experienced in managing technology transfers, and experience in managing CMOs.  Knowledge of analytical chemistry and microbiology and validation  Problem solver, gets to the root cause of a problem, identifies solutions and implements  Decisive, makes fact based decisions and takes responsibility for decision making  Leadership, you'll take responsibility for and leads projects and tasks, having good project management skills  Excellent Communication skills, written and verbal, able to establish professional relationships with stakeholders Please apply online or call Neil Walton on **** **** **** The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove they are legally entitled to work in the UK. SRG is a trading name of Science Recruitment Group Ltd an Employment Business/Agency. SRG, winners of the Recruitment Professional Awards 2011 'Best Company to work for' and 'Best People Development Business' awards, and the only 'highly commended' company in the Annual Recruiter Awards for Excellence 2011, for 'Best Small Recruitment Agency to Work For'. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalManagerPharmaceuticals_job****