Title: Water Treatment Service Engineer  East Midlands
Webindex: 71750476
Company: Future Select Recruitment
Description: This well established and forward thinking water treatment company that offers an array of high quality water treatment services to clients nationwide is currently seeking the services of a Water Treatment Service Engineer to cover various contracts in and around the East Midlands area. The individual must come from a strong chemical background and must have previous relevant experience working within this role and within the water treatment/water hygiene industry. Duties: Carrying out cleaning and chlorination on both hot and cold water systems, steam boilers and cooling towers, etc. Carrying out temperature monitoring, conducting routine sampling and analyzing water systems and interpreting the results. Carrying out planned preventative maintenance on all dosing equipment as required. Completing worksheets for works undertaken. Maintaining and building good relationship with the clients. In general, you will be flexible, have good attitude, have good communication skills, both written and verbal, be conversant with the with the present guidelines  ACOP L**** and have the ability to work with minimal supervision and as part of a team and work under pressure. This role attracts a competitive salary, company vehicle and along with other benefits. Future Select are recruiting in the Water Treatment/Hygiene industry. We would be interested in speaking to candidates with experience in any disciplines from Risk Assessors, Service Engineers, Accounts Manager, Business Development/Operational Managers through to Director level. We are dealing with clients across the UK, salaries ****k. Please feel free to visit our website (url removed) for further details. We are inundated with applications, will endeavour to get back in touch, however if you have applied to Future Select and you have not heard from us after a week, on this occasion, you will not have been successful. Your details will be saved on our system and you will be contacted in the future if a vacancy matches your skills