Title: Relief Support Workers Required
Webindex: 68709785
Company: Tamarindo Care Ltd
Description: Relief Support Workers are required to provide support to a service user with learning disabilities and mental health issues. The support will be provided in the home of the service user, located in Grays (Thurrock). You may sometimes be required to provide sleepin support onsite (there is 2 nd bedroom provided for staff). You will also have the opportunity to be part of an exciting new Supported Living Scheme in Basildon, with huge potential for further growth across Essex. The scheme is located within newly built and luxurious apartments and has a Management/Support Worker base onsite. You will be supporting Adults with Learning Disabilities and/or Mental Health Issues; potentially with Physical Disabilities and/or Sensory Impairments. Would you like to be part of a rapidly growing organisation where for Service Users and Staff alike; growth, development and realisation of potential are what we aspire to? If the answer is yes, then we look forward to hearing from you. Full Induction Training provided. Access to Continuous Training and Development. Excellent Career Progression Requirements: Essential Previous experience of working with and supporting Adults with Learning Disabilities and/or Mental Health Issues. Essential – Flexibility and ability to work at shortnotice Desirable  NVQ/QCF Level 2/**** qualifications and upwards. Desirable  Previous experience of working within a Supported Living/Housing Scheme. Desirable  Previous experience in dealing with Challenging and Complex Behaviours. Desirable – Full Clean UK Driving License Successful applications will be required to undergo an Enhanced CRB check, provide Satisfactory References and complete a Health Declaration Form. Tamarindo Care Ltd is an Equal Opportunities employer and is committed to treating all people equally according to needs;irrespective of their race, colour, ethnic origin, religion or beliefs, gender, transgender, age, sexual orientation, HIV status, physical, mental, sensory or learning disability, marital status or economic status or any other factor. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ReliefSupportWorkersRequired_job****