Title: Allied Health Care Professional : Care Home Managers Jobs in Reading
Webindex: 69116936
Description: Flame Care Jobs  Care Home Manager Jobs in Reading RGN/RMN  Temporary contract Flame Care are currently working alongside a privately owned group of care homes in recruiting a Temporary Home Manager for one of their luxury nursing homes in Reading. You are guaranteed an excellent working environment. In charge of a highly skilled team of dedicated staff you will be required to promote best practice of care at all times. In this is a 37 bed registered home specialising in residential, nursing and dementia care for the elderly. You will take responsibility for managing the business whilst leading a team and being responsible for ensuring the facility operates effectively and is delivering the very best quality care. You will ensure your team delivers the best quality care to the residents and make sure you are striving to achieve the best possible care rating and other external recognition of quality. You are taking on an active leadership role and you will need to be seen as the leader supporting the operation of a twenty four hour business As a home manager you will have experience of ensuring compliance with all company policies and regulatory requirements are met and are being adhered too, whilst using your managerial experience to make the home successful and effective within a budget. Working closely with your staff members you will be able to develop and motivate them and help them achieve personal goals. We are looking for a highly motivated team player, who is passionate about providing the best patient care. To be considered for this role you must be: A Registered General Nurse/Registered Mental Nurse. To apply for this job or enquire about additional Care Home Manager Job Opportunities in Reading or the Berkshire Region  Contact Flame Care Freephone on **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** alternatively email careersflamecare.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency