Title: Learning Disability Support Workers (Children)  Kingston upon Thames
Webindex: 71804527
Company: Swiis Healthcare
Description: SWIIS urgently requires a number of experienced learning disability support workers for postings in day centres and residential settings in the Kingston area.A flexible working pattern is available with the majority of the hours being undertaken during the weekend. However, the possibility of fulltime hours will be made available for all workers who demonstrate a strong flexible working ethos and commitment to the role.It is our intention to provide a team of same named workers who are able to commit ongoing to the day centre projects to ensure continuity for the children they support. Successful applicants will have experience of working with children with learning disabilities and challenging behaviour.If you have demonstrable relevant experience, live accessible to the above area and can provide the commitment we require, we look forward to hearing from you.Why SWIIS?SWIIS is a provider of quality services, led by people who have extensive knowledge of the health and social care industry and the needs of the different sectors within which we work. SWIIS offers all workers full continuous professional training, dedicated consultant and 24 hour oncall support, and flexible working opportunities to meet individual workers’ requirements within their skill sectors.Benefits ****  **** per hour (dependent on the project). Free CRB. Free mandatory and servicespecific training. Ongoing professional update maintenance. Excellent outofhours management support.Essential requirements At least **** year of recent experience of working with children in a relevant field. NVQ Level 2/**** in a relevant field. Understanding and knowledge of the issues faced by service users. Creative approach to empowering service users to achieve their goals. Commitment to the care and wellbeing of service users. Dedication to continued professional and personal development.Desirable Car driver or a willingness to travel. Current enhanced CRB.Apply nowIf you have the skills, attitude and experience to be successful in this role, we want to hear from you today. Please submit an uptodate CV detailing a full employment and study history.SWIIS is an Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. SWIIS is an equal opportunities employer.Due to the volume of applicants, if you have not received a response from us within 14 days, please assume that you have not been successful in your application.Terms and conditions apply.