Title: Senior Nurse / Clinical Lead Cardiff
Webindex: 50255554
Description: My client is currently looking for a strong clinical lead to join **** nursing home in a picturesque village just on the fringes of Cardiff city centre. As a Clinical Lead Nurse you have responsibility for leading a team of nursing staff to ensure the delivery of an excellent standard of care, which promotes independence and dignity and positively enhances the lives of individuals in their care. So as a clinical lead nurse, what do you need to do to make this happen? Ensure the delivery of quality care  continually assessing our residents' needs and wishes, developing the service to enhance their quality of life. Champion independence and personal choice ? develop, review and update care plans to meet our clients changing physical, social and psychological needs. Build the positive reputation of the home and unit ? liaise professionally with visitors, including family, friends and other external stakeholders. Ensure compliance with all legal, regulatory and best practice guidelines ? risks are proactively managed and issues identified, investigated and resolved. Oversee all aspects of medicine management ? ensuring medicines are appropriately received, stored and administered to our clients. Conduct care audits ? monitor standards of care and take corrective action where appropriate. Promote high standards of nursing care for you and your team, actively seeking ways to improve levels of service. Take an active role in training for the team of nurses, working in conjunction with the training resources of the company to ensure that nursing staff are kept up to date with current practices and research led developments. Take a leadership role for your team ? ensuring all staff are supervised appropriately and rotas are in place to enable the smooth, efficient running of the business. Take an active role in the development of yourself and others ? ensure that the team's skill and knowledge levels are able to meet the changing needs of the business. In order to achieve this, our clinical lead nurse should have: A strong passion and commitment to enhance the specialist services we deliver. A positive and flexible attitude and wholly adopt a person centred ethos, exhibiting empathy and a desire to make a difference. Be forward thinking and up to date with current practices and have a desire to maintain excellent industry knowledge. Show leadership qualities and be willing to take ownership for the deliver of quality care. Our clinical lead nurse must hold a current registration with the Nursing and Midwifery council (NMC) and have a legal right to work in the UK. They must also have a minimum of 3 years post qualification experience in a relevant field. Our clinical lead nurse will be critical to the continued success of the business, working across all aspects of care; the role gives great opportunities to broaden your skill and knowledge base with exciting opportunities to progress into management.