Title: Contingency Female Personal Assistant
Webindex: 70598837
Description: Job Description: Job Reference Number: DW/LG/Staffs Job Title: Contingency Female Personal Assi s tant The employer has claimed an exception under the Equality Act 2010. Hours: This is a contingency position to ensure that the client receives continuous support during another worker’s absence. When required to work 4 hours per week could be offered. A flexible approach to working hours will be required, although a ll hours will be discussed and agreed in advance . Please note there will be weeks when no work is offered. Rate of pay: **** per hour Work Environment: Within the community and your employer’s home in the Tamworth area of Staffordshire. Job Purpose: To offer the appropriate level of support to a young lady with Down’s syndrome. It is important that the PA’s time is spent constructively so that this lady experiences different social settings and activities and is enabled to build on existing life skills independent from her family . Responsible to: You will be directly accountable to your employer and the employer’s representative in all aspects of your work and should listen to their requests and directions. Main Tasks:  When communicating with this lady it is important that small clear pieces of information should be provided and that sufficient time is allowed to enable her to process the information and respond . Where appropriate, communication tools such as photos should be used to reinforce understanding.  Provide supervision during activities  Ensure this lady is involved in making appropriate choices and decisions  Support and develop existing routines to promote further independence and successful completion of tasks  Seek guidance from the representative when support is required  Ensure verbal prompts and reminders are used when attending to daily personal care tasks  Encourage and motivate this lady to participate in all tasks  Promote and encourage healthy living and lifestyle  S upport and assist this lady to access a range of activities using public transport where identified . You may also be required to participate in some activities.  Demonstrate an awareness of safeguarding practices in relation to vulnerable people Person Specification: The successful candidate will have:  Experience of working as a Carer or Personal Assistant  Good communication and interpersonal skills  Patience and a supportive attitude  A friendly and outgoing personality with an ability to relate to young people  Respect for this lady’s dignity at all times  Have k nowledge of disability issues and the barriers that impact upon people’s lives  An understanding of the confidential nature of the work  A flexible approach to working hours Special Conditions: This post is subject to two satisfactory references and an enhanced disclosure application (Disclosure and Barring Service). This is a confidential process and at no cost to you. The post is subject to a 6 months probationary period. Disclaimer: The Rowan Organisation is acting on behalf of a third party and will not be your employer nor be responsible for any actions arising out of your employment. To apply please visit and search PA vacancies in Staffordshire Job Ref No: DW/LG/Staffs. If you need assistance contact The Recruitment Line **** **** ****