Title: Manager  Residential Home  Wiltshire  Chippenham
Webindex: 70265479
Company: Populus Healthcare
Description: Elderly Care Residential Home Manager  Wiltshire. FANTASTIC NEW HOME MANAGER JOB A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a strong Registered Manager to join a fantastic residential home on the Wiltshire / Gloucestershire borders area. This fantastic nursing home caters for elderly and dementia care, however, you will be involved in a project to turn the home into a specialist dementia home. This role offers an opportunity to be involved with an extremely interesting project for a highly regarded organization. The home already boasts fantastic facilities, excellent gardens and rooms and has a good CQC rating. My client seeks an accomplished Manager with successful track record in management. Candidates with specialist dementia experience or knowledge would be preferred, however, CV`s will be considered from people wishing to gain more specialist dementia knowledge. Any commissioning or home development / project management experience would be beneficial. You should have solid recent managerial experience and must have a good record of obtaining good CQC ratings. You will have full responsibility for the home including hiring new staff, overseeing training and ensuring an excellent level of care is delivered. Candidates should display solid business skills, successfully filling beds and developing the homes profile within the local community. Proven marketing and successful home promotion skills would be highly desirable. This post will suit a hard working professional Care Manager who seeks a stable position, within a forward thinking care provider with excellent reputation. This is a wonderful opportunity to obtain a rewarding role within a fantastic organisation. The successful candidate will be: • An experienced Manager • RMA / Leadership in Management award beneficial • An open and honest communicator • Excellent marketing skills • Proven track record in developing homes and maximizing profit • Good links with Local Authorities • Driven to succeed • Expert in current care standards, legislation & initiatives Please apply promptly with a CV for immediate consideration. We are hoping to appoint someone in to this role as soon as possible.