Title: Allied Health Care Professional : Senior Optometrists Jobs in Dorchester
Webindex: 69973810
Description: Flame Health Optometry  Senior Optometrist Job in Dorchester, Dorset Flame Health Optometry are currently have an exciting opportunity for a newly qualified or experienced Optometrist to join this Optical practice in a charming market town in the Dorchester area, Dorset. We are recruiting on behalf of one of the UK's leading opticians. The company is well established and prides itself on providing a high level of customer service to every patient. The practice has been established for five years and now has three consulting rooms including a room dedicated to contact lens patients. As an optometrist you will be responsible for thorough eye examinations, contact lens assessments and aftercares and assisting colleagues where necessary to ensure the practice operates smoothly. Further more you will have another resident optometrist that will be on hand to support you with your career development and day to day activities. You will work closely within a team of around ten employees, who will assist you with prescreening duties for every patient. You will ideally have a testing time of twenty minutes and will continually strive to improve your commercial awareness. The ideal optometrist for this position will be a highly committed individual who wants to continue to develop both clinically and commercially, you will be able to build rapport with patients using your strong communication skills and interpret their needs accordingly. As an Optometrist will also participate in all available training programs and seminars organised. You will play an active role in weekly team meetings and training associate team members. It is important that you are forward thinking and are able to interact efficiently when doing three way handovers, ensuring that the customer and dispenser understand any special requirements. It is important that you have a flexible working attitude ensuring that the patient is always put first  this may mean accommodating late arrivals into the clinic. Within the consulting room you will find a good level of equipment including slit lamp, fundus camera, trial frames and phoroptor head. In return you will receive a good salary, benefits package, full medical package and a good bonus scheme. Our client has parking less than ****mins away from practice. More importantly you will benefit from a structured career path from this award winning company. To apply for this role you will be a qualified Optometrist, registered with the GOC. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Optometrist Job Opportunities in Dorchester or the Dorset Region  Contact Flame Health on **** **** ****  optometryflamehealth.com  Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business