Title: Telephone Triage Nurse Job Watford
Webindex: 46632297
Description: Position  Telephone Triage Nurse Location  Watford Hours  Part Time, Full Time or Bank  Monday to Friday 9am  5pm Salary  Band 6  ****k  ****k Company Eclypse Recruitment are recruiting for a pioneering Telemedicine with highquality, lowcost systems available for use in GP surgeries and pharmacies as well as within other institutions, commercial premises and private homes. Telemedicine is an emerging health opportunity, which utilises everimproving technology enabling clinicians to have rapid access to medical data through telecommunications and information technology. My client has developed specific software and hardware solutions to support the management of patients within their own homes who are living with long term conditions such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), diabetes or cardiovascular disease. The software and hardware is used to gather information on clinical variables such as blood pressure, blood glucose or BMI and general health and wellbeing as part of the management of patients with longterm conditions. Their products are used within the NHS including in an award winning services in Scotland for the management of COPD patients. As part of our strategic development plan, my client is introducing clinical support services to complement our portfolio of products. Services will be provided remotely to patients via the telephone or internet, the first of which will be a triage and advisory service launching in early 2012.This is a pivotal role and provides a unique opportunity to participate in the development of new clinical services within one of fastest growing area of healthcare in the UK and overseas. My client is currently looking for a Triage Nurse to join their existing team, you will be liaising with the patients directly to gather information on their vital signs such as weight scales, peak flow meter, thermometer, pulse oximeter, blood pressure meter, ECG, blood sugar and INR testers. You will then determine via a traffic light system whether the patient needs to be referred to hospital, or you have any concerns. If so you will liaise with their relevant nurse/consultant at the hospital to determine if they also see it necessary for them to be referred back into a hospital environment. Experience and Qualifications Registered Nurse (RGN) Experience in Triage Ideally experience in Diabetes, Chronic Heart Failure or COPD Strong IT Skills Good Communication Skills Please click apply today.