Title: Bank Registered Nurse  Barchester Healthcare
Webindex: 72600692
Company: WESTERGATE HOUSE CARE HOME
Description: APPLICATION FORM /CV EMAIL ONLY – susan.matthewsbarchester.com As a Bank Nurse you will be expected to provide and high quality nursing care to residents in accordance with up to date, evidencebased professional practice and company policies. To work as a qualified nurse on our bank you will need to have a minimum of six months' postregistration experience. As a Bank Nurse you will be required to work 'as and when' the care home requires staff to cover sickness, holidays etc. You will be a Qualified Registered Nurse (RGN) and be registered with the NMC. Why join Barchester as a Registered Nurse Bank? As market leaders we place our residents first  and our people are the best. You will benefit from a wealth of experience and as a company that places a great emphasis on investing in their people; you will have the opportunity for both personal and professional development. Barchester has its own Learning and Development Academy, giving you the freedom to develop professionally and create your own career pathway  it's just a case of high do you want to climb? How we're different Barchester offers a range of diverse services, from nursing and care services for older people and people living with dementia, to accommodation, supported living and community support for children and adults with a range of different disabilities. With exposure to so many different areas of nursing, you will have the opportunity to build on your clinical skills or focus on a specialist area. Benefits include:  Competitive rates of pay  Access to a structured career development path and award winning training via the Barchester Business School which offer a range of training from NVQs to Masters Degrees  Free uniform  Generous Annual Leave Allowance  Employer contribution to a Stakeholder pension plan  Access to Barchester's Shopping Club for hundreds of savings from retail outlets Am I the right person to work for Barchester? A sound understanding of the Care Standards together with a Nursing qualification (RGN) and current NMC registration are essential for this role. You'll enjoy the variety of working within different areas within the home, as well as the flexibility to work shifts to suit your lifestyle. You might be looking for a second income, or wanting to bring in a little income while taking a career break, or perhaps you're retired or you're a working parent. At Barchester we offer you flexibility as a Bank Nurse you will be required to work 'as and when' the care home requires staff to cover sickness, holidays etc. To work as a qualified nurse on our bank you will need to have postregistration experience.  NMC  Nursing Midwifery Council