Title: Registered Manager  Learning Disbalities
Webindex: 69959645
Company: Cambian Group
Description: Cambian Group, the UK’s largest provider of specialist services in education, mental health rehabilitation and learning disabilities, is looking for a Registered Manager to join our hospital in Stevenage. We offer excellent training and career progression opportunities as well as a variety of staff benefits. Walkern Lodge Walkern Lodge is an allfemale step down hospital which specialises on intensive rehabilitation and community integration. The focus at Walkern Lodge is on social inclusion and improving daily living skills, through nursing, psychiatric, psychological and therapeutic input. Individuals work with MDT to create and work through a personalised care plan, which take into account their specific needs and strengths. Job Role Within this senior role you will need to be able to work flexibly according to the needs of the individuals which could include planned evenings, weekends as well as on call. As well as supporting the individuals to maintain their needs. You will lead the team and ensure the provision of excellent care and standards are provided to our patient group at all times, you will be able to demonstrate clear management competence and exceptional leadership ability. Full induction training is given. You will also learn from some of the most dedicated and inspirational people in our profession and just like our young people and Service Users you will be learning all the time through our ongoing mentoring and support. Candidate Profile If you have a passion for working with people in a person – centred way, and are energetic, able to work flexibly both under your own initiative as well as part of a team and in a leading/management role than this is the ideal role for you. Successful candidates will have to meet the person specification in order to be offered this post and will be subject to an enhanced CRB check. Cambian is an equal opportunities employer. If you wish to speak with someone regarding this vacancy please call **** **** and ask for Laura Fenwick. Closing date: **** th February 2013 Vacancy may close prior to this date if a large number of applications are received.