Title: Assistant Area Director  Social Care  Liverpool
Webindex: 70645047
Company: Coburg Banks
Description: Assistant Area Director ****K pa plus pension (37.5 hours per week) Location: Liverpool, Merseyside The Role: As the Assistant Area Director you will be responsible for the management and development of supported living services, residential and nursing services in accordance with the relevant commissioning and regulatory frameworks. The Assistant Area Director will be responsible for budget management and networking with appropriate organisations sourcing opportunities for business and service development where appropriate alongside promoting and delivering business growth. The Candidate: As the Assistant Area Director you will be qualified to degree level or equivalent and will hold the relevant management qualifications such as NVQ **** RMA. You will have business development experience and also experience of management of KPI’s (Key Performance Indicators). The Assistant Area Director will be responsible for budget management therefore previous experience of this will be essential. You must have a valid driving licence and access to a vehicle. Flexibility is also important as the occasional evening and weekend work will be required, as well as taking part in emergency on call services. The Client: My client is a forward thinking and lively run business with many years’ experience in Care in the UK and is part of an international movement working in 28 countries. They specialise in providing domiciliary care services, supported living, day care and residential services to people with learning disabilities supporting people to make choices and exert control over their own lives. The Package; My Clients are offering a salary of ****  **** dependant on qualifications & experience, company benefits including mileage allowance,25 days holiday plus bank holidays , company sick pay and a pension fund along with excellent career opportunities together with ongoing training and support. Interested? Please “apply now” to be considered for a short list Closing Date 16th January 2013