Title: Key Account Manager  Medical Devices
Webindex: 71233348
Company: Stellar Global Ltd
Description: Key Account Manager  Scotland and the North of England My client is a global leader in their field of medical devices and service solutions to the health care industry. They are both acquisitive and highly innovative continually extending the company s offering and adding value to their customer s operations through cost reduction and performance enhancement. An opportunity has arisen to join this world and industry renowned organisation as a Key Account Manager taking responsibility for every aspect of the customer engagement process and managing the existing strong relationships that are already in place. Focusing on medium and high end hospital segments and working with products that are market leading and where service and delivery is critical to the ongoing success, you will be capable of taking a fresh and dynamic approach to the customer base which is predominantly NHS and related healthcare operations. You will also develop new and innovative solutions and services to maximise tender and negotiation success rates. My client is a prestigious organisation and as such is a first class employer where you will be effectively supported by the management structure to build relationships and capitalise on these to deliver excellent results. You can expect a personal development plan and supporting coaching and mentoring to assist in your achievement of sales plans and goals where sales cycles can be both short and long term. You will be an experienced sale professional with five years or more experience from within the medical device industry as it relates to the end user, predominantly the NHS and related organisations. Capable of sustaining and developing complex and wide ranging relationships across these organisations, you will enjoy working in a dynamic and fast paced environment where innovation and change is a constant. You will be degree qualified and another European language would be an asset.