Title: Orthopaedic Scrub Practitioner  Birmingham
Webindex: 72186787
Company: Just Nursing
Description: Vacancy: Theatres – Orthopaedic Scrub (RGN / ODP)Sector: Independent HospitalLocation: Birmingham, West MidlandsHours: Full time, permanentSalary: Negotiable depending on experience Client Information:Our client is a leading provider of private healthcare in the UK. Offering patients a network of private hospitals, treatment centres and neurological units across the UK. Hospital Information:Set in a great location close to Birmingham City Centre, the hospital offers a HDU room and two fully equipped theatres with, with facilities particularly suitable for orthopedic procedures offered such as arthroscopy, hip and knee replacement. Other treatments available to patients include gynecology, ENT, ophthalmology, paediatric surgery general surgery, urological and cosmetic surgery. Diagnostic and treatment facilities include a state of the art xray department offering a comprehensive range of screening and XRay procedures, including ultrasound, mammography screening and MRI scanning. Role:We are looking for experienced Scrub Practitioners with proven experience of orthopaedics – ideally within major orthopaedics to be able to scrub for joints. Salary is negotiable depending on experience. If you are interested in applying for this role, please email your cv as soon as possible quoting reference CL/Scrub/Wes Mid. For a free and confidential discussion about this role, please call **** **** ****TTM Healthcare is one of Ireland's most respected Healthcare Recruiters, specialising in the recruitment of Social Workers, Social Care Professionals, Psychologists, Pharmacists, and Doctors, Nursing staff, Allied Health, BioMedical Scientists and various other health professionals. TTM is the recognised and exclusive vendor to some of the largest Public and Private Health & Social Care Service providers across the UK. We have office networks in Ireland, UK, Poland, Portugal and Spain.