Title: Business Development Manager  Cardiology
Webindex: 69689717
Company: On Target Recruitment Limited
Description: Job Title: Business Development Manager Sector: Medical Technologies Niche: Cardiology Selling: Hospital theatres Selling To: NHS/Private Territory: North, Leeds, Bradford, Hull, Halifax, York, Manchester Package: ****k  ****k OTE, Car, Phone, Business Tools. Consultant: Ben Farthing Company Info: ? World renowned market leader ? Constant Development and Innovation ? A specialist within both NHS Private market sectors ? Distributor and manufacturer of medical devices Role Information: ? Build and manage excellent relationships with key customers selling a chest closure assist devise. ? Drive Strategic Planning and Sales Forecasting activity ? In conjunction with Healthcare Marketing Team developing effective marketing strategies for the product range in line with changes in the market. ? Take full responsibility for the Area in order to deliver the company`s financial and customer service targets. ? Develop a sales and marketing strategy for the territory, identifying and prioritizing sales opportunities. ? Present products and services to new and existing accounts (hospitals). This is to include NHS, private hospitals and commercial organisations. ? Gain agreement to and run trials within the hospitals with the intention of getting them to convert to your products. ? Arrange for quotations to be sent and financial analysis and follow up to be carried out to achieve sales. ? Provide accurate and regular management information concerning the territory as required by the Regional Sales Manager and ensure that the company`s CRM/ BUD system is kept fully up to date. ? Represent the company at exhibitions and trade shows. ? Support other Area Sales Managers and Regional Sales Managers as well as the Sales Director as required. ? To complete tenders as required. ? To provide ongoing support and training to existing accounts. Requirements: YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING ? MUST HAVE MEDICAL DEVICE SALES EXPERIENCE ? Capital equipment sales experience ? Sold into Theatre ? Excellent customer facing skills ? Excellent general business acumen ? Used to working towards and meeting/exceeding agreed targets. ? Competent in financial evaluation and reporting. ? Proven negotiating skills. ? Excellent interpersonal and influencing skills both internally and externally. Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. On Target Recruitment, now recognised as one of the UK`s leading sales recruiters, has achieved significant organic growth since it`s inception in **** The development of a specialist team focusing on the key market of Medical Technologies has enabled our consultants to become experts in their field and boost the company forward into the contemporary market place. Roles our medically focused team recruits for include: Territory Managers, Key Account Management, Sales Executives, Regional Sales Managers, Business Development Managers, Business Unit Managers, National Count