Title: Registered General and learning disabilities nurses  Exeter
Webindex: 68310291
Company: Prestige Nursing
Description: Position: Registered General and learning disabilities nurses (young people)Location: Specify specific location (not multiple locations, upload a listing for each area)Salary: ******** per hour Job Description: Prestige Nursing  Care are looking for registered nurses to work as clinical leads for a team of HCAs throughout a wide variety of work for the charity Whizzkidz. This work includes ambassador clubs, life skills days, work placements and three day residential camps enabling these young people to forget their disabilities and have fun. We are looking for dedicated and reliable people who have an excellent work ethic and a passion for caring for young people. Responsibilities: To administer regular and emergency medication, peg feeds and ventilation etc according to care plans provided by whizzKidz. To attend some home visits in advance of camps for more complex young people and assist WhizzKidz staff members with the check in for families. To ensure that care plans provided by whizzKidz are followed by HCAs with regard to feeding and personal care. To take the clinical lead and direct the team (according to whizzKidz protocol) in the event of an emergency. To provide care in a way that enables young people to have dignity, independence and choice. To manage and supervise a team of care workers and to be nurse in charge when on shift Necessary Skills/Qualifications: Registered with the NMC. Minimum of six months experience of caring for young people with both physical and learning disabilities Good standard of spoken and written English Driving Licence Excellent communication skills and a good team player Benefits: Free training, including online elearning centre Flexible hours and variety of work – work where you want, when you want Weekly pay Excellent rates of pay About COMPANY/CLIENT Originally founded in **** Prestige Nursing  Care is widely recognised as one of the leading Nursing and Care agencies in the UK. We pride ourselves on delivering a high quality, personalised service through our national network of over **** branches. We only recruit the very highest quality of staff and remain committed to offering them the widest range of well paid temporary and permanent jobs. If you are looking for a really rewarding career, join us at Prestige Nursing  Care and help us to transform the lives of some of the most vulnerable members of society. Contact us on **** **** or visit our website www.prestigenursing.co.uk .