Title: Reserach Fellow
Webindex: 69148319
Company: University of Stirling
Description: The Nursing, Midwifery and Allied Health Professions Research Unit (NMAHP RU) The NMAHP RU is a national research unit, core funded by the Scottish Government’s Chief Scientist Office, with bases at University of Stirling and Glasgow Caledonian University. Its remit is to develop high quality research which is has a direct impact on the wellbeing of the people of Scotland. The unit strives to involve NMAHP practitioners in all its research activity and to develop capacity and leadership in research through clinical academic research engagement. We currently have approximately **** members of staff covering diverse professional backgrounds and academic disciplines. The NMAHP Research Unit develops and conducts research on NMAHP interventions for fundamental care and therapy, and research in how to improve the quality and delivery of NMAHP practice and decision making. Researching NAMAHP interventions involves conducting different types of studies ranging from systematic reviews to multicentre randomised or cluster randomised control trials. Improving the quality and delivery of NMAHP practice also involves using a wide range of study designs and methods to investigate: • who delivers care – e.g. health professionals, paraprofessionals, the patient themself, their carer, friends or voluntary sector partners; and how to improve judgements and decisions around the transition of care between these different groups; • where it is delivered – e.g. focusing on issues around the effectiveness of out of hospital delivery which we have already considered in relation to paramedic care, and the issues surrounding transfer between different care settings; and • how to improve clinical effectiveness and professional practice, to identify and reduce variation in care standards and develop and test most effective models of care delivery. This is an exciting opportunity for a health services researcher to join an experienced team running a programme of studies evaluating NHS interventions aimed at improving care and patient experience of care. The Scottish Person Centred Interventions Collaboration (ScoPIC) is funded by the Chief Scientist Office. Its core aims are: **** The evaluation of NHS national and local initiatives aimed at improving patient experience of care. **** Improving the understanding of the causes and consequences of good and poor patient experience of care. **** Developing effective research and audit tools for the evaluation of patient experience of person centred care.