Title: Residential Child Care Practitioner
Webindex: 70598928
Company: Five Rivers Child Care Limited
Description: Role Profile Details of the Position Position title: Therapeutic Practitioner Department: Residential Position reports to: Therapeutic Team Manager Prepared by: Residential Managers Date Prepared: **** rd November 20****1 Approved by: HR/CEO Position Summary : To deliver the highest standards of care, protection and support to children and young people by facilitating their physical, psychological and emotion development through the application of Five Rivers practice model, care standards and all relevant guidance. To actively promote Five Rivers’ philosophy of creating a residential care home environment that assists each child to achieve their maximum potential and recovery. NVQ/QCF **** in Children and Young People's Workforce and at least 1 year's experience in leading shifts is essential. Out puts :  High standard of therapeutic care provision .  Practise support, leadership and development of Trainee Therapeutic Practitioners and Sessional Care Workers . Measures of performance : Customer  Feedback from Senior Therapeutic Practitioners and Therapeutic Team Managers.  Feedback from the youngpeople to whom therapeutic care is provided. People  Establish effective working relationships with other employees.  Establish effective working relationships with the youngpeople to whom therapeutic care is provided. Process  Compliance with Five Rivers Child Care Ltd Policies Procedures.  Compliance with External Regulations such as OFSTED . Responsibilities:  To be aware of and have an understanding of the therapeutic model on which the home’s practice is based, and the theory that underpins the model.  To be aware of relevant information that requires daily attention such as incident files, sanction and communication books, diary etc and to ensure that you record all information accurately and legibly and communicate in appropriately.  To develop an understanding of the Five Rivers practice model on which the home’s practice is based and the theory that underpins the model.  To be alert to the signs of distress and abuse, and to ensure that the children and young people are monitored and protected.  To ensure that you have all relevant information on the young person’s background and present needs by reading all relevant documents and signing records.  To agree consequences and rewards to actions with children and young people that will benefit the child or young person and to create opportunities for changes in behaviour and renewed confidence in line with the organisation’s practice model and with National Minimum Standards.  To contribute to the normal development of the children and young people through the provision of a healthy life style and support of the child during such activities as appropriate. To be aware of the children’s and young people’s leisure and recreational needs and preferences within organisational policies and guidelines.  To listen to and talk to children and young people, and to observe their behaviour, and record significant features.  Ensure that all concerns are communicated to the Therapeutic Team Manager with regards to the children’s and young people’s physical or emotional needs and be alert to signs of distress or abuse, and to ensure that children and young people are monitored and protected.  To contribute to placement planning, participating in reviews and other meetings as required, and to assist in the implementation of placement plans to facilitate the young people working towards the aims and goals of their care plans, taking into account the views of the young person.  To provide for the child or young person’s physical needs as necessary, for example, by cooking, washing, ironing, shopping, bathing (where appropriate), budgeting, or by enabling young people to carry out such tasks for themselves.  To assist in returning them to their families or enable them to move to alternative care or independence at the appropriate stage in their lives.  To ensure the rights and needs of children and young people are met as fully as possible whether spiritual, physical, intellectual, cultural or social and to ensure that the children’s and young people’s primary needs are met when on shift.  To provide a caring and supportive environment for children and young people that respects and affirms their racial, cultural and religious identity and lifestyle.  To facilitate and support family or other contacts important to the individual child or young person, agreed by reviews/planning meetings or court hearings. Also to protect children and young people from contact with individuals who have been deemed as inappropriate or a danger to the individual child or young person.  To liaise professionally with families and outside agencies including social workers, teachers, therapists and any other relevant bodies as directed.  To maintain good record keeping and effective methods of communication to ensure consistency, monitoring and supporting your colleagues’ contributions.  To be available for and make productive use of professional supervision. This next section refers to the recruitment criteria for the role. They can be noted as essential, as in mandatory, or desirable. Knowledge:  A theoretical knowledge of child and adolescent development and the effects of trauma, loss, abuse and deprivation  Knowledge of therapeutic child care practice  Knowledge of relevant core social care legislation, guidelines and good practice  Knowledge of sound safeguarding in residential and fostering settings  Knowledge and understanding of working in social care organisations and the sector  Knowledge of inexperienced care workers’ support and learning needs  Substantial care planning experience Skills:  An ability to interpret and respond appropriately to a range of emotions and behaviours  An ability to adapt and respond positively to changing patterns and work situations  A level of emotional awareness in both self and others and the ability to utilise effective emotional management strategies in the most challenging of situations.  Able to use initiative and act in a confident selfdirected and resourceful way to identify and resolve difficulties.  The ability to communicate effectively with children and young people, families, colleagues and external agencies.  Skills in assessment, planning, recording and decisionmaking  An ability to lead on tasks, pieces of work or shifts  An ability to write reports and care plans, standard paperwork and to work to deadlines  An ability to motivate, to lead and to generate enthusiasm and commitment to others  The ability to challenge practice and attitudes appropriately  Active listening skills  Ability to participate in working groups and other organisational activities Education:  Relevant qualification(s) evidence d to level s of underpinning knowledge NVQ/QCF  Higher level English or equivalent language ability . Behaviours: Core:  Customer Service Practise  Delivering Results  Working Together  Respectful Communication Role Specific:  Positive Influencing  Adaptability  Planning Organising  Quality Assurance  Resilience  Integrity A position profile does not imply that the duties stated are the only ones to be performed by the incumbent. Employees will be required to follow any other jobrelated instruction as requested by their manager.