Title: Medical Sales Representative  Primary Care  Part Time
Webindex: 70696148
Company: Resourcing/Talent Management Centre
Description: Medical Sales Representative  Primary Care  Part Time Territories available  Birmingham East Anglia North East North Lancs Sussex Want to be one of the people who make a difference? A new opportunity has arisen for an experienced Medical Sales Representative to work for Quintiles. This is an exciting Part time opportunity, 8.00am 2.00pm, 5 days per week all year round. Working across your assigned territory, you will be responsible for building strong working relationships with key NHS customers, GP s, Nurses possible secondary care contacts, within the field of Erectile Dysfunction. The successful candidate will be a highly motivated individual who recognises and develops business opportunities whilst demonstrating excellent business planning and organizational skills. You will enjoy a challenge, working in a very customer focused and targeted role, and will equally enjoy the benefits of working for a global organisation with continued professional development and support. About Quintiles Quintiles is the world s leading provider of biopharmaceutical services. With a network of more than **** professionals working in more than 80 countries, we have helped develop or commercialise all of the top 50 best selling drugs on the market. With extensive therapeutic, scientific and analytics expertise, we help biopharmaceutical and health sciences customers navigate the increasingly complex landscape with more predictability to enable better outcomes. If you want to make a difference in global healthcare, Quintiles is the place for you Quintiles:  Voted in top 4 Great Places to Work UK 2012  Ranked in top 25 Best Place to Work Global Awards  Investors in People Gold Standard  Recruiter of the Year 2012  No.1 CSO for 11th consecutive year. Benefits:  Excellent salary Company Car  Bonus Potential  Life Assurance Private Health Insurance  Additional Voluntary Benefits available including: o Health (Dental, Health Screen and Optical) o Health Clubs and Gyms o Childcare Vouchers o Give As You Earn Please visit URL removed to apply for our Medical Sales Representative opportunities. For additional support with your online application please call our Talent Management Team on **** **** Skills Experience Required:  Pharmaceutical sales experience  ABPI qualified or working towards qualification  Documented evidence of pharmaceutical sales success  High levels of motivation and enthusiasm  Strong interpersonal skills and a positive attitude  Driving licence valid for UK (max **** points)  Full eligibility to work in the UK