Title: Foster Carer
Webindex: 66943071
Company: eRecruit Solutions Ltd
Description: Are you looking for a rewarding career that really makes a difference to a child’s life? Foster Carers are sought to join this nationwide children’s charity in Hampshire, to welcome a child or young person into your home and care for them full time. There is a huge shortage of Foster Carers in the UK, and this organisation is recruiting carers to help give children and young people the care and support they need to thrive in a family home environment. This organisation works with over 50,000 children and young people and runs **** projects across the UK. They tackle issues such as child neglect and abuse whilst offering a range of innovative services to children in care, disabled children, young people and families. TITLE: Foster Carer LOCATION: Hampshire EARNINGS: **** per week, (or more depending on number of placements etc.) BENEFITS: 24 hour support, continuous training & development, paid respite breaks and competitive allowances The ideal Foster Carer will possess the following: •A spare room in your home •The energy and maturity to care for a child who needs a Foster Home •Experience of working with or caring for children or young people •The ability to care for a child full time •Appropriate safe access and safety equipment such as smoke alarms fitted in your home As a Foster Carer you will be given round the clock support either over the phone, by email or in person. Foster Carers are valued for their skills and contribution and are rewarded with continuous training and development, including NVQ qualifications. Foster Carers come from all kinds of backgrounds. Some are married, some are single and some live with a partner. Everyone brings different experiences to the job but they do share a passion – making a difference and doing something life changing. Please click to apply for the opportunity to become a Foster Carer in Hampshire If the details shown on your CV match our client's requirements, we will provide our client with your full details so that they can judge whether you may be suitable for the opportunity advertised. Your details, as submitted by you, will only be used in relation to this specific opportunity. By applying to this advert and submitting your CV and/or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. eRecruit Solutions is a flat fee online recruitment company, who actively recruit for the following roles: Child Care, Social Work, Foster Carer, Child Support, Social Care, Residential Carer, Youth Worker, Foster Parent in Hampshire