Title: Nutrition Nurse  East Kent  Maidstone
Webindex: 72183992
Company: Xcellin Limited
Description: Are You A Registered Nurse Looking For a New Direction? Looking for a role within the community? Want to further your career and focus your nursing skills? We have a vacancy for a Nutrition Nursetraining patients and carers within the community These are exciting opportunities to work with patients in the community specialising within the field of enteral nutrition. In this role you would be joining a market leading company with excellent personal growth and career development opportunities. You will be assisting patient’s transition from Secondary care to primary care. You will provide predischarge training regarding enteral nutrition and provide follow up support in their home on enteral nutrition, pumps, feeds and PEG site. You will support and visit both adult and paediatric patients within the caseload. Support and competency based training to work with paediatric patients is provided. Full time permanent role Monday Friday covering East KentOur client specialises in the delivery of advanced medical nutrition for the very young, the old and the sick. As well as being the largest specialist nutrition company in Europe, our client is the market leader in the UK. They supply high quality feeds, systems and support services to patients and health care professionals. Through their prestigious Homeward service, our client delivers nutritional feeds, enteral feeding systems and nursing care directly to patients’ homes. To be considered for this important role you will a Registered Nurse (adult) or dual qualified adult and paediatric nurse that meets the following criteria; Some previous clinical experience caring for patients with enteral nutrition such as PEGs, PEJ’s, TPN’s or NG Tubes Community based experience is an advantage but not essential Training, coaching, teaching or mentoring others is an advantage Excellent communication skills and a team player Minimum 2 years post qualification nursing experience Full driving licence with no more than **** points To find out more please Joanna Reed  Moreton on **** **** or send your CV to joanna.reedmoretonxcellin.co.ukAttractive Salary NMC Registration and RCN Membership Paid for plus car, phone, lap top, private healthcare, pension scheme, bonus, 25 days holiday per year (pro rata) However if this is not the role for you, please take some time to consider whether you know anyone else who may be interested.If you recommend a new candidate who we then go on to find a job for, we will send you **** as a thankyou. (Terms and Conditions apply)Key Words: Community, District, Stroke, Homecare, Home Health, Complex Care, Continuing Care, Gastro or Gastric