Title: Medical Affairs  Clinical Research Physician Jobs in Glasgow
Webindex: 72702793
Company: Flame Pharma
Description: Flame Phama Medical Affairs Jobs  Clinical Research Physician Jobs in Glasgow Excellent package and normal business hours Flame Pharma are recruiting a Clinical Research Physician for one of our most prestigious clients, based in Glasgow. This leading clinical research company works alongside the top pharmaceutical companies, conducting clinical trials on a global basis. You will be coinvestigator, with a view to acting as Principal Investigator on a number of key clinical trials. The Role The clinical research physician will be responsible for patient welfare whilst participating on the clinical trials. Working to good clinical practice (GCP) you will provide input into trial specific paperwork such as clinical trial protocols. You will screen all patients and recruit them onto the clinical trials, be involved in taking key data throughout the trial, and report on these findings. The clinical research physician will be involved in client liaison, and you will be expected to liaise with the medical community on a regular basis The Person A qualified doctor is required for this vacancy. You must be fully GMC registered without any restrictions (unfortunately, candidates with limited or no GMC registration will not be considered). You must also have the right to work in the UK. Typically, a number of years proven postqualification is required, ideally with experience as a medic within the Pharmaceutical/Clinical Research sectors (although not essential). You must have fluent English skills plus be excellent with patients. A team player is essential To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Clinical Research Physician Job Opportunities in Glasgow in across Scotland  Contact Flame Pharma Freephone on **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email URL removed Flame Health Associates LLP incorporating Flame Pharma operates as an Employment Agency Employment Business Key Words: Doctor, Physician, Clinical Research Physician, GMC, General Medical Council, Clinical Trials, Medic, Medical, Career, Research, Glasgow, Scotland, Job, Recruitment