Title: Allied Health Care Professional : Laser Optometrist Jobs in Aberdeen
Webindex: 70612624
Description: Flame Health Optometry  Laser Optometrist Jobs in Aberdeen Flame Health Optometry are currently seeking a part time Laser Optometrist in the Aberdeen area ideally to cover ****/3 days per week. Laser experience is preferred however not essential as training will be provided. As we have been instructed by a market leading company to find optometrists who want to work for a leading vision correction laser eye specialist. You will be working alongside ophthalmologists and clinic technicians to provide advice and aftercare on Lasek, Lasik and Wavefront guided procedures. The company is looking for individuals that can work as part of a team with the ability to establish and maintain good relationships with patients and colleagues. You will be able to deal with patients sensitively yet cope with the commercial demands of a commercial environment. As a GOC registered optometrist you will have a caring and confident manner with patients and you will be able to master all aspects of patient care in relation to preand post operative work in a laser vision correction clinic. A firm commitment to continuous education is also a must. Your responsibility will be to work as part of a multidisciplinary team, providing preoperative assessments to patients attending a clinic. This involves being involved in preoperative diagnostic examination, preoperative consultation and suitability assessment as directed by company protocols, and the provision of a high level of followup care for patients. The Role:  To attend and complete the company training programme.  To follow all protocols as directed by the company in performing followup care for patients  To provide first line clinical advice to patients and follow the appropriate means of referral to an Optometrist of Medical Practitioner if necessary.  To facilitate effective communication with medical colleagues and other members of the multidisciplinary team.  To provide advice on health promotion, with particular reference to refractive eye treatment.  To be aware of all policies and practices including health and safety, and to ensure that all actions are undertaken within these guidelines.  To attend and contribute to regular meetings of clinical and administrative colleagues, and be proactive in developing clinical policies.  To take an active role in teaching within the clinic, and participate in induction programmes for new colleagues.  To play an active part in the maintenance of a supportive learning environment within the clinic.  To attend clinical courses when arranged, and read relevant material as distributed by colleagues.  To take an active role in teaching within the clinic, and participate in induction programmes for new colleagues.  To play an active part in the maintenance of a supportive learning environment within the clinic.  To attend clinical courses when arranged, and read relevant material as distributed by colleagues. Responsibilities and Development:  To maintain awareness of current developments in refractive surgery.  To promote a sensitive and caring approach to patients, visitors and colleagues.  To constantly be aware of changing needs and to be prepared to instigate change, in conjunction with the Clinic Manager and other members of clinical colleague.  To attend regular clinical meetings.  To undertake additional training and assessment as required in order to fulfil role requirements.  To ensure that, wherever possible, patient care is evidence based.  To participate or if appropriate, initiate new ideas, projects and trial within the clinic. This would suit somebody that wants to work in a progressive area of optometry and at the same time have the opportunity to spend more time with patients. You will be working with state of the art equipment and will be rewarded with a good salary and benefits package. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Laser Optometrist Job Opportunities in Aberdeen or the Grampian Region Contact Flame Health  free phone on **** **** **** or calling from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email careersflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business.