Title: Erskine Hall Care Centre  Registered Nurse
Webindex: 68497870
Company: Bupa Care Homes
Description: About the role Leading a team, you ll develop, implement and evaluate individualised care plans, ensuring the physical, emotional and social needs of our residents are met Other key duties will include delivering hands on nursing, safe administration of drugs, maintaining accurate records, complying to policies, procedures and guidelines of the company and governing bodies Working alongside a multidisciplinary team, you will really get to know our residents and their families, promoting independence, choice, dignity and respect You will motivate and mentor your team, delivering teaching sessions and guiding the professional development of junior colleagues. Who we re looking for As a Level 1 Registered Nurse with a valid NMC PIN Number, you will not only have a genuine passion for elderly care, but you ll also understand the importance of the right things done well. What s in it for you? Comprehensive induction and ongoing training and development Pension and life assurance scheme available Competitive staff benefits such as weekly offers and discounts About the Home Erskine Hall, situated in the pleasant leafy suburb of Northwood, has recently undergone major refurbishment to provide the highest level of comfort for its residents. With a specialised team committed to Parkinson s support, Erskine Hall is a top quality care home, with a range of elderly care facilities. Who we are Bupa Care Homes provides expert nursing, dementia, residential and specialist care to almost **** people in over **** UK homes. Our purpose is to help people live longer, healthier, happier lives. Passionate about making lives better, every decision we make is because we care. It s why we inspire and support our nurses to put our residents wellbeing at the heart of everything they do. Be the nurse you want to be. Tier **** Certificate of Sponsorship (formerly a Work Permit) You will be responsible for maintaining the highest standards of care and clinical excellence Applications from job seekers who require Tier **** sponsorship to work in the UK are welcome and will be considered alongside all other applications. However, nonEEA candidates may not be appointed to a post if a suitably qualified, experienced and skilled EU/EEA candidate is available to take up the post. For further information on Certificates of Sponsorship please visit the UK Border Agency website. Free uniform