Title: Occupational Health Advisor  corporate client  London
Webindex: 68306063
Company: Bupa
Description: Occupational Health Advisor Permanent  full time or part time (4 days)London Docklands/Canary WharfJob Summary We’re currently seeking an Occupational Health Advisor to join our busy team in Docklands, London. Your role will be to provide a comprehensive and proactive Occupational Health advice service, promoting the health, safety and wellbeing of all employees and ensure customer compliance and legislation. You will also provide advice to customers on health related issues affecting work. You will develop and lead on safe and competent practice. Adhoc travel to other UK Citi sites to run an OH 'clinic' is part of the role but can be discussed.Key Responsibilities New starter medicals Case Management Pregnancy risk assessment Providing rehabilitation and disability management Work as part of a multifunctional team both internally and externally and work closely with OH Physicians Accurately recording and interpreting data ensuring that it meets best practice standards to support clients’ decision making and producing clear and concise reports in a timely manner Planning and delivering health promotion and health education to clients addressing key lifestyle issues i.e. stress, smoking, weight etc Specific Skills Registered Nurse Post registration OH qualification and entry onto Part **** or **** of NMC Register Experience in an OH setting within a corporate environment would be ideal but not essential Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (written and verbal) IT Skills Why Work For Us?Bupa aims to become the leading provider in the UK of high quality, added value personal and corporate preventive health services. It is positioned as a trusted adviser and provider of integrated health care solutions; this is underpinned by having the most extensive and effective range of services available, the widest UK distribution network and the most flexible distribution capability. Services include health assessments, occupational health, primary care, dentistry and musculoskeletal medicine. The services are delivered from some fifty sites throughout the UK, as well as from corporate clients’ premises. We'll look after you with our contributory pension scheme and annual salary review We'll help balance your home and work life with 25 days holiday each year (pro rata for part time employees) and flexible working opportunities We'll keep you in shape with free Bupa health screens and access to our 24 hour health line We'll give you regular training and coaching to support and develop you We have no shareholders, so any profit we make is reinvested to improve healthcare for our customers Think you could care about our customers? Then we’ll care about you. Our core values: Accountable – Caring – Respectful – Ethical – Enabling  Dedicated