Title: Regional Nurse Manager
Webindex: 56209855
Description: This role includes a company car / allowance, bonus and excellent benefits Our client is the leading European provider of clinical nutrition and infusion therapy offering a unique and comprehensive range of products and services for both hospital and home settings. Through innovation they are committed to becoming the preferred partner for saving, treating and caring for chronically and critically ill patients. The role will cover East Anglia, Norfolk, Cambridgeshire, Buckinghamshire, Berkshire, Suffolk and Essex so there is an expectation of travel across the regions As a Regional Nurse Manager you will live within one of the geographical areas and manage a field based Nursing Team, as well as driving the business forward. To provide a full recruitment service where necessary and a comprehensive training programme for new starters. Using regular journey accompaniments continually monitoring and evaluating a fieldbased team. To provide regular personnel reviews to regional nursing team using the appraisal system To develop the Nursing Services in line with Company Strategy with National Nurse Manager. To provide training for nurses within the regional team. To manage the regional nursing team within stipulated budgets. Ensure all nurses work within guidelines laid down by the NMC and recognise the legal requirements of the service. To represent the company in a professional manner at all times to ensure the company's image by developing professional relationships with key personnel and accounts. To attend meetings, tender presentations and contract reviews when requested. To make sure all accounts are receiving the nursing service they expect in accordance with the contracts and each hold a measurable Service Level Agreement. To support the Business Unit Manager and Regional Sales Manager in the overall development of the Homecare Business. To prepare and submit monthly report to National Manager particularly highlighting account, cost control and personnel issues. To deputise for National Nurse Manager as agreed and covering annual leave and absence. Experience and Qualifications: Registered Nursing qualification/s ENB 998 or equivalent Previous management experience with recognised management qualification. Proven budget management ability. Minimum of 3 years post registration with at least **** at management level. Equal Approach specialise in recruiting nurses and medical professionals and clinicians at all levels nationally for the commercial market. Equal Approach offers a variety of bespoke, national recruitment solutions to a portfolio of prestigious national clients. Please send your CV in application to pippa.gardinerequalapproach.com or call **** **** **** for further information If you need to receive this information in an alternative format, please contact Equal Approach and we will take reasonable steps to arrange this for you. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and we actively encourage candidate applications from all sections of the community. The successful candidate may be required to undertake an Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau Check.