Title: Optical Assistants
Webindex: 71654245
Company: Healthline Optical Recruitment
Description: Excellent basic salary ******** dependant on experience plus competitive bonus and benefits package including up to 22 days holiday  bank holidays rising to 30 days depending on length of service, contributory pension scheme up to 5% The Company: This successful nationally renowned, family owned optical and hearing company have a core philosophy to offer their patients a friendly, individual and professional experience. Practices are designed to attract all markets; laid out to highlight designer and quality branded glasses, contact lens ranges and accessories. Founded over sixty years ago they believe this service has been provided due to the investment and support of a well trained employee base, and are now offering an excellent opportunity for an ambitious, experienced and commercially aware optical advisor. Located in oxfordshire with quick and efficient transport links This vacancy would be ideal for those looking to relocate, reside or further their career in vibrant and fascinating Oxfordshire, teaming with museums, theatres, festivals and heritage. It will never fail to impress, especially with easy, assessable links to Gloucestershire, Buckinghamshire, Wiltshire and West Berkshire The Role: As an optical advisor you will become instrumental in the success of the business. You will be responsible for maximising sales through achieving the highest dispense values and delivering profit, in accordance with company policy and procedures. Reporting to the Practice Manager you will ensure high quality standards, you will be commercially aware, driven and expected to attain and exceed personal and team targets. Your typical hours which are based around nine thirty to five, Monday through to Saturday (Saturday working would be essential) and where required Sunday working on a rota basis. Principal duties and responsibilities will include:  offering a superior service to patients, attaining store and personal targets  achieving the highest dispensing values through the effective cooperation with Optometrist and where applicable Qualified Dispensing Opticians  fully and completely satisfy the needs of every customer s requirements  maintenance of the overall appearance of the store premises  ensuring the correct implementation of all company promotions, mailers etc.  measurements for bifocal, varifocal lenses, transposing of prescriptions, taking pupilometer reading accurately  organising refraction and contact lens clinics together with any other store activities  ensuring that all stocks remain at an acceptable level  promotion of store activities within the local community  undertaking all other duties that might reasonably be requested by the practice manager and/or Head Office as and when required  ensure the speedy completion of tasks and cleanliness of the practice You will be required to demonstrate excellent sale techniques and customer service skills. Be able to work under pressure, deal with difficult situations and customers, and be well organised, as well as understand and implement detailed instructions. Work effectively as a good team member, commercially minded and ideally be pro active within your role. You will ensure that as an individual and optical advisor all patients are approached and advised upon the most appropriate products suitable and at quiet times within the practice, to ensure all employees are flexible and help out in all departments where required. The Person: The successful candidate must have a proven background working in the optical industry as an experienced optical advisor. This role is ideal for those looking to achieve this full potential as it would present an excellent opportunity for those looking to obtain their first position in management and/or enhance their own career prospects. You must be able to dispense to all levels, work on your own initiative, demonstrate superb communication and listening skills, be commercially aware, with a caring and thoughtful manner towards the patient and be confident in your approach. Professionalism and dedication to offering a quality service, ultimately sharing in our client s vision, passion and commitment to deliver a superior clinical service is paramount. Flexibility with regards to travel would also be required as cover in other stores may be required from time to time. You will need to be able to demonstrate high conversion rates with a friendly attitude and be well presented. Applicants of all ages are encouraged and appointment will be made on merit alone. Healthline International is an employment agency and advertises all registered vacancies, having sought agreement from their clients to find candidates for these roles, in accordance with the Employment Agencies and Employment Business Regulations **** FOR MORE INFORMATION ON THIS OR ANY OTHER VACANCIES PLEASE VISIT OUR WEBSITE WWW.HEALTHLINE.ORG