Title: Key Account Manager  North East
Webindex: 70091295
Company: Apodi Ltd
Description: North East  Darlington, Durham, Teeside, Sunderland Our client, a successful and growing familyowned pharmaceutical organisation is passionate about being the preferred partner in pain management. In recent years, they have made considerable investments in research and development and are intensively searching for new ways of improving pain relief and reducing sideeffects. They have recently launched a new and exciting product for the treatment of chronic pain. In addition they have actively developed an educational programme, which will be crucial in establishing them as a leader in the management of pain. We seek the highest calibre of candidates for this position with both the tenacity and creativity required to gain access to customers. Candidates will be ABPI qualified, and will have at least 2 years sales experience in Primary Secondary Care with much evidence of Formulary Inclusions and PCT work, be a driven and highly motivated individual with the talent to educate in a challenging NHS environment. Pain therapy experience would be desirable, but is not essential. Job Purpose: To achieve account sales objectives through best in class customer management, aligned to a team approach to Key Account Management. Requirements/ Skills:  Excellent customer relationship management  Good knowledge of the evolving NHS and the implications  Demonstrable business planning skills  Ability to work in a team  Proven track record of Sales success and an understanding of the influences that drive sales  Experience of Primary and Secondary care  To demonstrate clear analytical thinking  To display initiative and a solution orientated attitude  Hold a current ABPI Certificate Excellent salary and benefits package offered. To apply for this roles please send your cv to applyapodi.co.uk or contact the resourcing team on **** **** A referral bonus of **** will be awarded when you recommend someone to us who we then place. If this is not your ideal position then please call us to discuss other opportunities. Whilst we would like to reply individually to every application on some occasions it may not be possible to do this therefore if you have not heard from us within 7 days please assume you have not been successful on this occasion however, this does not exclude you from applying for any other relevant roles.