Title: Locum Practice Nurse required, Kent up to ****/ hour
Webindex: 71595623
Company: Merco
Description: Start: ASAP Contract: Locum Type: Practice Nurse Location: Sandwell Rates: Up to ****/hour We are working with a fantastic surgeries Nationwide. They are currently looking for experienced Practice Nurse's to work in a mixture of GP surgeries, WiC's and OOH. This will start ASAP and is ongoing. The successful Practice Nurse will be responsible for delivering general practice nurse duties to the practice. You will be able to provide the provision of preventative health care for patients along with reporting in accordance to the Care Quality Commission within the practice. You will be expected to work autonomously demonstrating critical thinking and skills in clinical decision making when managing patients and your role is integral to contributing to the safe and smooth running of the practice. There is flexibility in the 2 days they need  it is likely we can arrange this work around your current work commitments. For more information or to register for this vacancy please contact Nicole Blackford on . Why register and work with Merco?  Easy registration  We are fast becoming the agency of choice for ANPs wanting good service  Weekly pay  Great choice of work through our nationwide contracts  Regular and irregular shifts available If you would like to talk to us about opportunities that might work for you please call our Nurse Resourcer Nicole Blackford on . Alternatively please email your CV to ABOUT US: You receive a better service with Merco. We are recognised as one of the fastest growing medical recruitment agencies in the UK. We have medical jobs available across the UK with NHS and Independent sector healthcare organisations. We find work for: •Hospital Doctors •GPs •GPs w/si •FMEs •Nurse Practitioners •Practice Nurses •RGNs and RMNs •Allied Health Professionals You can choose from a broad range of locum, fixed term and permanent medical jobs in: •NHS & Private Hospitals •General Practice •Walk in Centres •Urgent Care Centres •OOH •Minor Injuries Units •HM Prisons •IDTS •Wellness Clinics/Scanning Centres You should register with Merco for your next medical job, locum or permanent, because: •You will be offered work quickly •You get paid well and you get paid weekly •You deal with just **** person  we're not a call centre •You can register with us in just a few minutes You can call us for a chat on anytime. New jobs are loaded daily onto You can also find us on Facebook or LinkedIn.