Title: Theatre Planner
Webindex: 71604151
Company: Nuffield Health
Description: An opportunity has arisen for an experienced Planner to join a busy private hospital. In this exciting new role you will be responsible for the planning, scheduling and coordination of a busy theatre and endoscopy suite to ensure optimum utilisation of resources and to maximise patient and consultant satisfaction. You will have obtained a Degree or Diploma in Supply Chain Management or an equivalent qualification and preferably have an APICS or equivalent planning and scheduling qualification. You will have a minimum of 3 years relevant experience working within a similar role in a healthcare, or high mix low volume manufacturing environment. Your experience should include managing people and teams, with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. You must have demonstrable problem solving skills and good organisation and analytical skills. As this role will include the creation of modelling tools, generation of reporting tools and manipulation of data, advanced experience using Microsoft Excel is essential. You will preferably have experience in a similar role in a fast moving environment. Knowledge and understanding of clinical terminology is desirable. Key Accountabilities • To be responsible for planning, scheduling and monitoring the theatre utilisation • To coordinate the weekly capacity planning meeting and issue minutes from meeting. • To be responsible for planning of labour to support theatre lists • To work with appropriate staff and consultants to improve efficiency of theatre utilisation, as required. • To be responsible for planning, scheduling and monitoring the materials usage in theatre • Ownership and management of Master Theatre Sessions List • To produce weekly analysis reports relating to theatre utilisation planned and actual. • To drive continuous improvement of theatre utilisation with Theatre Clinical Lead and to maintain a documented action plan showing clear actions, owners and due dates. • To monitor planned and actual materials usage with a documented improvement action plan showing clear actions, owners and due dates, as required. • To coordinate the kit management process from the identification of a need at the bookings process, through to the scheduling of the kit through the theatre and back to the supplier. Please be aware the successful candidate will be subject to a satisfactory Disclosure Scotland application. As well as a choice of **** pension plans, we offer an excellent benefit package including health screening, private medical insurance and a heavily discounted gym membership. Please apply via www.nuffieldhealthcareers.com Employer details: Private Hospital