Title: Clinical Research  Clinical Project Managers Jobs in the UK
Webindex: 71476105
Company: Flame Pharma
Description: Project Manager Jobs  Clinical Project Manager Job in Lancashire (or Home Based) Attractive Salary and Benefits Package Flame Pharma is working with a world class Clinical Research company with offices and clinics throughout Europe. Their unique model recruits large volumes of high quality patients for clinical trials run on behalf of the global Pharmaceutical industry. We are looking to recruit an experienced clinical project manager, with a proven track record of Project Management, with International Project Management experience, a real plus. This exceptional opportunity would require the very best within the pharmaceutical sector, and as such comes with an attractive remuneration package. The Role As a clinical project manager, reporting to the Vice President of International Projects, you will be expected to drive maximum income by the proactive project set up and management of study recruitment and retention. You will be accountable for study budget management and working with sites and Finance to aid with a maximum profitability of studies. You will need to be able to maintain and ensure excellent client relationships and have the ability to prepare and submit recruitment methods and materials for UK sites. Candidates will need to be forward thinking as you will be required to analyse recruitment methods against results and help implement any changes to strategy during the study and at close out, by providing feedback to appropriate departments to ensure future learnings. The person As clinical project manager you will have extensive experience of Project Management In addition, the successful candidate must have proven experience of having performed in all therapy areas. The role requires strategic thinking; excellent verbal and written communication skills as well as the ability to self motivate and motivate others. A passion for communicating the benefits of innovative products and services is a must. The successful candidate will influence management teams through written/interpersonal presentation skills. To apply for this job or enquire about additional Clinical Project Manager opportunities across the UK and Europe  Contact Flame Health Freephone on **** **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email URL removed Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency Employment Business