Title: Optometrists Jobs in Thetford
Webindex: 72226346
Company: Flame Health Associates LLP
Description: Flame Health Optometry  Optometrist Job in Thetford, Norfolk Flame Health Optometry are currently working along side a progressive opticians which are now seeking an optometrist in the Norfolk area to join this highly successful independent group. With practices in Ipswich, Sudbury, Halstead and Haverhill across the group.If you enjoy working with high profile products, professional and progressive employers, then look no further. This is a superb opportunity for an optometrist to join a longstanding independent group, which has an enviable reputation for frame choice and clinical excellence within several locations in the U.K. The practice will offer the finest service to individuals by offering them a superb choice of frames such as (Lindberg, Gucci, Oliver Peoples, Paul Smith, Mikli and Face a Face) You will be working closely with the dispensing opticians ensuring that at the handover stage the patient understands their prescription. You will use your strong communicative skills to ascertain what they require depending on their lifestyle needs and accordingly provide them with a range of options to suit. Good contact lens knowledge would also be advantageous. As an optometrist it is of paramount importance is that you have good product knowledge, excellent customer service skills, understand how to market given products appropriately and work well as part of a successful team. The team is very professional and understand their roles however good leadership qualities will be needed at times. Candidates who enjoy working on projects would be given autonomy to perpetuate business, which would consequently benefit you through the profit share scheme. The client understands the need to invest in new technologies therefore you will be working with state of the art equipment. An excellent salary is available as well as negotiable benefits, profit share and the opportunity to become a part of the business after a qualifying period. To apply for this role you will be a qualified Optometrist, registered with the GOC. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Optometrist Job Opportunities in Thetford or the Norfolk Region  Contact Flame Health Freephone on **** **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email optometryflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business