Title: RGN Elderly Care Manager  Berkshire  Reading
Webindex: 66625904
Company: Populus Healthcare
Description: An exceptional opportunity has arisen for a strong Registered Manager to join a large elderly care home in Berkshire. Commutable from Reading, Maidenhead, Slough, Bracknell, High Wycombe. This is a state of the art nursing home which is built for purpose, modern and boasts fantastic facilities. It is an excellent environment that has been designed specifically for the care of elderly service users. The home caters for nursing, elderly care. My client seeks a very strong Manager with a proven history of success in elderly care. You will have full responsibility for the home. Including implementing and delivering the best possible care to residents, hiring new staff, overseeing training and ensuring the home continues to be run in a successful manner. The General Manager is responsible for ensuring the highest standard of care is delivered to each resident and ensuring nursing staff deliver person centred care to the highest level. You will ensure compliance with CQC standards and liaise effectively with CQC Inspectors. Candidates should display solid business skills including successfully filling beds and developing the homes profile within the local community. Candidates will be required to have expert knowledge of elderly care, dementia care and palliative care. Candidates must be strong managers and have excellent communication and people skills. Ideally you should have forward thinking vision and thorough knowledge of managing leading care homes. The successful candidate will be: ESSENTIAL: • General management experience • RGN qualification • Managing large teams of people • Ability to manage multiple priorities effectively • Strong planning and organisational skills • Good communication skills • Elderly care, dementia care, palliative care experience DESIRABLE: • The registered manager is qualified, competent and experienced to run the home and meet its stated purpose, aims and objectives. • A Registered Manager with at least 2 years experience in a senior management capacity. • The ability to build rapport with people and display empathy and sensitivity where appropriate. KEY (MANAGEMENT) CAPABILITIES REQUIRED • Teamwork • Commercial Awareness • Managing & Developing People • Driving for Results • Embracing and Facilitating Change • Planning, Organising and Executing • Networking and Influencing • Leadership