Title: Clinical Project Manager  London
Webindex: 68285730
Company: RBW Consulting Solutions Ltd
Description:  Clinical Project Manager / Senior Clinical Project Manager to work with an exciting and sought after Pharmaceutical company in London.  Manage large international studies across Phase II III from setup to close out  Excellent development prospects to more senior orientated positions.  **** to ****  car allowance additional benefits A genuinely rare opportunity has arisen to work with a prestigious Londonbased, international Pharmaceutical company. The Clinical Project Manager / Senior Clinical Project Manager is responsible for the overall coordination and management of clinical trials from start up through close out activities. The Clinical Project Manager / Senior Clinical Project Manager would direct the technical and operational aspects of the projects thus securing the successful completion of the clinical trials under their leadership. The Clinical Project Manager / Senior Clinical Project Manager would work in a crossfunctional team with other departments and with major functional area leads to identify and evaluate fundamental issues on the project, interpret data on complex issues and ensure solutions are implemented. This is a key appointment for my client; senior management are looking for candidates with a previous track record of success in managing clinical trials, and are specifically looking for a person at a stage in their career where they need a challenging and involving role. The Director is happy to look at a CV on its own merits and is keen not to set too rigid parameters and has in place a generous financial package. Applicants should come from an established project management background with a good background in leading large clinical projects. They should be an excellent communicator with drive and an attitude motivated by success. I am also working with a variety of other firms looking for clinical professionals of all levels. For further information about this or any other vacancy please do contact me on **** **** **** **** and email a CV to daniel.cheethamrbwconsulting.com Keywords: CPM, Director, Clinical, Programme, Program, Suite, Study, Studies, Trials, Manage, Matrix, International, Team, CRO, Pharma, Pharmaceutical, Clinical Research Organisation, Organization, Clients, Financial, Finances, Clinical Operations manager, Targets, Target, Sponsor, Solution, Strategy, Strategic, Operations, Operational, Costing, Cost, Processes, Process, Estimate, Time, Timeline, clinical project manager, project manager, global clinical project manager, global project manager, pharma, project manager, Clinical Operations manager, project manager, project manager, global clinical project manager, global project manager, global project manager, clinical project manager, global clinical project manager, UK, PM, CPM, operations manager, study operations manager, global study operations manager, study manager, clinical study manager, global study manager, Clinical Operations manager, clinical project manager, project manager, study manager, clinical study manager, global study operations manager, PM, CPM, proj manager, clin proj manager, project manager, global project manager.