Title: Housekeeper  Norwich
Webindex: 70474151
Company: Huntercombe
Description: Site or Unit :Huntercombe Rowan House HospitalAddress :Buxton Norwich Norfolk NR10 ****RHContracted Weekly Hours : **** (will consider job share and shift work) to suitRowan House is an 78 bedded secure hospital located just outside Norwich in the village of Buxton set in beautiful grounds. It provides assessment, treatment and rehabilitation for adults who are detained under the Mental Health Act. The service caters for people with challenging behaviours, Autistic Spectrum Conditions, mental health problems and other conditions. The hospital is located in a quiet rural location but accessible to local amenities, and is situated between the small town of Aylsham, only **** miles away, and the historical town of Norwich which is 8 miles in the opposite direction. Norfolk is a beautiful county, with miles of unspoilt coastline, internationally important nature reserves, and wild lives, waterlands, picturesque market towns, and seaside resorts. We also have an international airport (Norwich) on our doorstep, giving easy access to other parts of the country and the continent. We offer an excellent staff induction programme with ongoing staff development and training opportunities for everyone. Ample free parking is available on site as individual transport will be needed due to our rural location.In role as a Housekeeper you will be responsible for providing an excellent housekeeping service ensuring a clean safe environment for our patients, visitors and staff. You will be an important part of the team that ensures patients in our care feel valued as an individual. So as a housekeeper what do you need to do to make this happen?Regular cleaning of all patient, communal and staff only areas as appropriateEnsure that you and your team carry out all your duties to a high standard, ensuring a hotel level of cleanliness for our patientsDevelop a positive relationship with all patients, staff and other visitors to the home by becoming an integral part of the teamEncouraging refuse is managed in line with the companies waste policy Works safely within company policies, seeking advice and guidance when necessary.