Title: Senior Supervising Social Worker (Foster Care)  Barnsley
Webindex: 71804539
Company: SWIIS
Description: Supervising Social Worker (Foster Care) SWIIS urgently requires Senior Social Workers to work within the South Yorkshire area.The post will involve working within a busy Children and Families Team.The successful candidate will work within a multidisciplinary team dealing with very complex cases and providing support and supervision to social workers ensuring there is good communication between all relevant parties. There is also a requirement within the team that workers will be involved with the duty and oncall rotas.It is essential that you hold a relevant Social Work qualification and have extensive experience of working within a children and families team.Why SWIIS?SWIIS is a provider of quality services, led by people who have extensive knowledge of the health and social care industry and the needs of the different sectors within which we work. SWIIS offers all workers full continuous professional training, dedicated consultant and 24 hour oncall support, and flexible working opportunities to meet individual workers’ requirements within their skill sectors.Details and Benefits Salary: **** **** Car allowance. Ongoing professional update maintenance. Essential requirements Current PVG and SSSC registration. [SCOTLAND ONLY] GSCC registration. [NOT SCOTLAND] MA/BA in social work/DipSW. Car driver. Minimum of 2 years’ recent practice experience. Ability to work in the UK without visa restrictions. Strong assessment and referral skills. Capacity to lead and excel within a multidisciplinary team. Experience of managing a case load. Good understanding of UK practice and legislation. Desirable Experience of working in a foster care environment. Current enhanced CRB. [NOT SCOTLAND] Apply now If you have the skills, attitude and experience to be successful in this role, we want to hear from you today. Please submit an uptodate CV detailing a full employment and study history.SWIIS is an Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. SWIIS is an equal opportunities employer.Due to the volume of applicants, if you have not received a response from us within 14 days, please assume that you have not been successful in your application. Terms and conditions apply.