Title: RMN eating disorder specialist  London
Webindex: 69817356
Company: Team 24 Ltd
Description: I am seeking an eating disorder and/or CAMHS experienced Mental Health Nurse. This full time, permanent requirement is with a specialist child and young adult service provider. A unique and well equipped unit, they specialise in providing excellent standards of care in relation to eating disorder and complex illness treatment. The role involves working closely as part of a multidisciplinary team to help plan and review patient care including preparing, organising and participating in Keywork sessions. Providing education to both young people and families in regards to eating disorders. Plus managing challenging behaviour through deescalation, care and control and documentation; with medication management and administration. Further role responsibilities include: Carrying out assessments of all referrals that come while on duty. Admission of clients according to hospital policy. Devising appropriate care plans on an individual bases. Administering prescribed medication. Facilitating clients group meetings. Monitoring patients' progress and giving feedback to the multidisciplinary team as required. Writing progress reports and discharge summaries as appropriate. Suitable candidates will be RMN qualified with experience in working with young adults and children, requiring specialist treatment in relation to eating disorders. If newly qualified, the post is available to a nurse who has specialized in this area and taken clinical placements during training to gain specific experience in this field. To apply for this opportunity with a superb private healthcare provider, please send on a full and up to date CV, highlighting your experience in CAMHS and/or eating disorders. About us: Team24 is a healthcare recruitment specialist which provides healthcare workers for a wide range of temporary placements, from doctors to specialist nurses across the NHS and private sectors. We pride ourselves on providing an exceptional quality of service to all in the healthcare sector, including the NHS, GP Surgeries, Mental Health Institutions, Prisons, Charities, Community Nursing, Nursing Homes, Residential Homes and the Military. We supply Nurses, Care workers, GP’s, Consultants and Homecare, on a 24 hour basis depending on when you need work. We can do this on a Temporary, Fixed Term Contract or Permanent Basis, what ever you need, when ever you need it. We work throughout the UK, supporting clients when they need us and working in partnership with them to ensure that we supply the right member of staff for their needs. As a company we are growing on a weekly basis and have numerous opportunities available in various trusts and private organisations throughout the UK, if this role isn’t what you are looking for why not send you details to our recruitment team via email recruitersteam24.co.uk or visit our website at www.team24.co.uk Thank you for your interest. Team24 is an Equal Opportunity Employer