Title: Safeguarding Officer (Football Club)
Webindex: 71188560
Company: Origin RPM
Description: Origin RPM’s client is Celtic Football Club, an organisation with an illustrious history, and a very bright future. In line with many other major clubs, Celtic wishes to appoint a dedicated Safeguarding Officer to provide leadership in the safeguarding of children and young people within the Club, ensuring best practice and maintaining relationships with the SFA, Disclosure Scotland and other local safeguarding partners. Reporting to the Head of HR, the role holder will lead in facilitating the development and implementation of safeguarding and child protection policies, procedures, training and guidance for the Club. Key Accountabilities: Manage, review, update and maintain the Club 'Child Protection Policy and Procedures” in conjunction with the SFA policy and ensure these are circulated and understood by all relevant parties. Provide information, training and advice in relation to child protection policy and practice. Oversee the Club’s secure handling of disclosure records through Disclosure Scotland, acting as lead signatory and coordinating the activities of countersignatories as required. Key Skills: To have relevant previous professional experience of advising on child protection issues, possibly with associated qualifications and from a social work, education, youth work or health background. To be familiar with current Child Protection legislation, policies and practice and governing body rules and regulations. To be empathetic and approachable, a good listener with a friendly manner. Strong written and verbal communication skills. PVG Scheme Member/Disclosure Scotland cleared. This is a permanent vacancy with 3 days worked per week. Are you the right person for the job? All applicants will be notified by email with instructions to complete an online assessment for the position – this should take no more than **** minutes, and will require you to attach your CV. Celtic FC has Investors in People, and Positive About Disabled People status, and are an Equal Opportunities employer. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SafeguardingOfficerFootballClub_job****