Title: Allied Health Care Professional : Part Time or Full Time Optometrist Jobs inThetford
Webindex: 69973891
Description: Flame Health Optometry  Part Time or Full Time Optometrist Jobs in Thetford This is a fantastic Part Time or Full Time opportunity for a newly qualified or experienced Optometrist to join a well established **** minute testing practice in the Thetford area. This practice has has a proven track record in developing and providing excellent career paths for individuals through their recognised training and development channels. The practice is well established and has other resident Optometrists in place as well as quality support staff that will assist you in your optometric duties; they will complete the field screening and pressures of each patient for you. Within your consulting room you will discover the state of the art equipment, ensuring that you are in a position to provide an exemplary standard of patient care. As an Optometrist you will be responsible for thorough eye examinations, contact lens assessments and aftercares and assisting colleagues when necessary to ensure the practice operates smoothly. You will ideally have a testing time of **** minutes, however **** minutes will be acceptable for any newly qualified candidates. Experienced or Newly qualified candidates will both be considered. You will be clinically sensitive to the needs of the patient, yet understand the commercial requirements of the business. As an Optometrist you will able to demonstrate your commercial understanding by making suitable recommendations in accordance to the patients' prescription within the consulting room, then relaying this information to the Dispensing Optician at the handover stage. It is vitally important that you have a flexible working attitude ensuring that the patient is always put first. This may mean accommodating late arrivals into the clinic or adjusting your lunch to meet operational requirements. In return you will receive a very competitive salary package and free on site parking. The group also runs a comprehensive benefits package, including pension and health schemes. Please call Flame Health today to find out more.