Title: Senior Occupational Therapist
Webindex: 68718334
Company: NHS Ayrshire and Arran
Description: You will join the team of dedicated Occupational Therapy staff who provide specialist health services to young people and adults with learning disabilities. You will be dedicated to providing an Occupational Therapy Service to the two campuses of Daldorch House School and Daldorch Catrine Bank. The school campus includes young adults up to the age of **** and Catrine Bank is an adult service. Both are managed by the National Autistic Society. Daldorch is situated near the village of Catrine in East Ayrshire. We require innovative creative and highly motivated Occupational Therapists who are committed to working with people with autism. This is an exciting opportunity to develop and influence the delivery of Occupational Therapy in such a unique and rewarding setting. You will work in close collaboration with the East Community Learning Disability Team and the Support for Learning Team and provide an Occupational Therapy Service to both campuses. You will have experience of working with people who have autism and have a working knowledge of sensory processing difficulties. You must have a diploma or degree in Occupational Therapy and be registered with the Health Professions Council. You must be a car driver with a full current driving license. Hours of work  full time part time and job share considered Informal enquiries are welcomed by: Charlotte Mackintosh Occupational Therapy Service Lead  Martin Abramson Senior Educational Psychologist Daldorch House School  Membership of the Protection of Vulnerable Groups (PVG) Scheme is a condition of this post and the successful applicant(s) will require to join the scheme prior to appointment. Further information on scheme membership is included within the application pack and can also be found at www.disclosurescotland.co.uk. We are in the process of amending the online application form. Please note that the current online application form requests that you supply information regarding sickness absence. Please do not complete this section as this information does not form part of the initial selection process. Employer details: For further information please refer to the website below