Title: Registered Manager (Assisted Living  Retirement Complex)
Webindex: 69471554
Company: Synergy Health Recruitment
Description: My Client is seeking an experienced Registered Manager for their brand new assisted living development for elderly care in Burgess Hill, West Sussex. Applicants must hold NVQ**** in care and have experience of working with older people This is an exciting opportunity to manage and lead a brand new purpose built development. Assisted Living bridges the gap between conventional retirement living developments and a residential or nursing home. Assisted Living Developments include the following key features: Staff on site 24 hours  an Estate Manager and team of duty managers who between them provide 24hour cover on a development. Communal facilities  including a Residents Lounge, Function Room, Guest Suite, Laundry Room and Scooter Store, as well as a Restaurant where a midday meal is available everyday of the year Personal Care  available by individual arrangement and provided by our own staff registered to provide domiciliary care through the Care Quality Commission. Your responsibilites as a Registered Estates Manager for the development include  Taking overall responsibility for the daytoday operational running of the Assisted Living development. Leading, directing, supervising and supporting staff teams working within the Assisted Living development in providing a range of services which can respond flexibly to the needs of individual residents. Managing the promotion of domiciliary care services to residents of the development and potentially in the locality. You will be registered with the Care Quality Commission. Assessing the support and care requirements of prospective residents in conjunction with the Estates Managers within the area and maintaining records as appropriate. Undertaking regular reviews of residents' requirements in liaison with families and other professionals where appropriate. Ensuring compliance with CQC registration, regulations and guidance. Excellent ongoing training provided