Title: Development ManagerElderly & DementiaEssex ****k  Chelmsford
Webindex: 71610745
Company: P9 Rec
Description: Are you a forward thinking Development Manager who has a passion for elderly and dementia care services? We have just placed a candidate in this vacancy and our client has come back to us to recruit another Development Manager for a fantastic role with our client who own care & nursing homes throughout the UK. The purpose of this role is to ensure that the companies services comply with CQC standards, therefore you must be fluent with all policies and procedures. The main duties are: •Work within services to audit against all aspects of National Minimum Standards and local authority contractual requirements. To include weekend and night audits as needed. •Produce action plans against audits and identify support needed in conjunction with the HOCC to address deficits. Each audit action plan to include a risk rating of the service. •Deliver training as needed on professional and clinical issues and help to develop the staff teams in the services. Monitor compliance with training requirements to ensure standards are met. Support homes to access training as required. •Provide cover for services in the absence of the Home Manager as needed •Maintain an up to date knowledge of CQC standards and good practices relating to care provision and to ensure a nondiscriminatory approach to the service provision •Ensure adherence to local and company adult protection procedures. Be involved as directed in adult protection investigations •Effectively manage own workload and prioritise tasks to ensure audit schedules are achieved •Produce concise reports on problem areas and action required. •Ensure health and safety polices are followed in services •As needed support RM’s to compile action plans in response to other external inspections and ensure compliance. •Undertake corporate projects as needed to develop policy and procedure and to ensure services receive up to date guidance. •Any other ad hoc duties as required. To apply for this role you will need to be a nurse with a current PIN or have an NVQ**** qualification along with the following: Able to work independently and without guidance. Clear report writing and objective setting Able to train others. Car owner and full driving licence in order to be able to travel across the services. Good organisational skills Ability to liaise with other external professionals such as CQC and contracts departments within local authorities. Previous Care Service Management. Experience of problem solving and action planning Sound working knowledge of Care Standards Act **** Clear understanding of adult protection polices and processes Must be able to complete satisfactory CRB/POVA checks Must be authorised to work in the EEC. Must be able to work on your own initiative and as part of a team Must be able to provide **** employment references Must reside near the vacancy location or be prepared to relocate Ability to communicate effectively at all levels If this is you and you want to be appreciated for a job that you love doing then simply email your CV to us today or 'apply' on this job site and one of our team will call you for a confidential chat. If this vacancy is not exactly what you are looking for, you can search all of our vacancies on the pointninerecruitment.com website or recommend a friend If we place them in a new job we will pay you **** just for referring them to us. Point Nine Recruitment are a well reputed, established, market leading company whose team have over 60 years experience in healthcare and medical recruitment. We can assure you that we will stop at nothing to continue to stand out by doing what we do bestrecruiting healthcare professionals throughout UK. Choose a career, Choose a future Choose Point Nine Recruitment. Services advertised are those of an agency