Title: Clinical Product Specialist: South Midlands / Cardiology Devices
Webindex: 72702840
Company: BWB Associates trading as BW Penman
Description: I am currently recruiting for a Clinical Product Specialist within the Cardiology devices market to work in collaboration with the UK sales team. This person will work alongside the Territory Sales Managers and be responsible for supporting complex cases, training and educating customers and presenting clinical trial data. Their efforts should be in line with company strategy and aimed at facilitating the growth of the UK business both in terms of market share and revenue. My client is wellknown worldwide within the Cardiovascular devices industry and a Market Leader in this therapeutic area. The company is investing heavily in new technologies and continues to grow and flourish. As a Clinical Product Specialist you will be expected to:  Provide practical and theoretical support to existing and potential customers.  Provide clinical support to clinicians during complex cases.  Be comfortable and confident in a Cath Lab environment.  Work in collaboration with the UK sales team and support their efforts to grow the business.  Promote product lines to current and prospective customers.  Maintain uptodate knowledge of relevant clinical trial developments.  Be knowledgeable of the Cardiology market in terms of products, competitors, KOLs and procedures. Key Competencies required:  Experience in a Cath Lab environment, ideally as a Cath Lab nurse or Cardiac Technician.  Knowledge of the Cardiology devices market.  Applicants with Interventional Cardiology contacts are highly desirable.  Both clinical and industry experience is preferred.  Effective communication skills and ability to build strong customer relationships.  Knowledge of the human anatomy and physiology.  Ability to support complex cases.  Ability to understand and interpret clinical data. Whilst the focus of this role will be on the Midlands, this role may require flexibility and commitment to travel to various locations throughout the UK. If you would like to apply for this role, please send in your CV as soon as possible.