Title: Health and Social Care Assessor/Lead IV
Webindex: 71431991
Company: Plato Training
Description: This is an exciting opportunity to join a quality training organisation specialising in apprenticeship and preemployment training. We are looking to recruit an innovative and flexible individual to join our assessing team. As an Assessor you will be required to support learners working throughout their apprenticeship in health and social care. Experience and qualifications in assessing in the health and social care are required. As an Assessor you will be required to perform many of the following tasks:  Ensure that learner eligibility is suitable for training provision.  Complete the necessary StartUp learner paperwork in line with contractual requirementswith support from the admin team.  Liaise with both learner and employer during the first month of the apprentice starting their chosen Apprenticeship to arrange an assessment visit to reduce early leaver risk.  Identify with each learner and employer where necessary, the appropriate programme, qualifications and units.  Early identification of prior experience and qualifications.  Agree learner training requirements with the individual and employer, using the ILP document  Assess learner as required by national standards.  Provide advice and support throughout each apprentice’s programme.  Monitor and review the progress of the Apprenticeship with learner and manager. Ensure all paperwork is legible, accurate and meets Plato’s and contractual quality standards and timely requirements.  Participate in observation of own training delivery to learners with line managerto meet ESTYN/OFSTEAD requirements.  Ensure that flexible delivery of learning takes place through varied visits and assessment methods.  Ensure each learner is monitored closely and progressed to completion in an agreed length of time.  Ensure monthly meeting attendance with line manager to review progress.  Complete Health Safety assessment visits in line with contractual requirements. Role related knowledge, skills, qualifications and experience required Occupational competency within relevant sector of delivery (ideally in the last five years). Qualified to D****/**** or A**** Assessors qualifications. Ideally will have achieved own ESW/Key Skills in Communication Application of Number (as a minimum) to a level 3or be prepared to work towards. Prior Key Skills/ESW delivery and Technical Certificate . Basic office IT knowledge (including most Microsoft Office packages). Excellent communication skills (at all levels). Able to work to targets and deadlines including the monitoring of ongoing individual OPP’s to ensure contractual compliance. Able to work as part of a team reporting to line manager Experience and knowledge of training and assessment. Welsh speakers would be desirable. If you have the passion for working with learners in the health and social care sector and want to make a difference, apply today. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HealthandSocialCareAssessorLeadIV_job****