Title: Trauma Clinical Specialist
Webindex: 69689664
Company: On Target Recruitment Limited
Description: Job Title: Trauma Clinical Specialist Sector: Medical Technologies Niche: Orthopaedics Selling: Innovative Trauma Portfolio Selling To: Trauma, Orthopaedics Territory: Merseyside, north Wales Package: c****k****k  ****k OTE, Car, Phone, Business Tools, Healthcare Pension Consultant: Darren Wrigley Company Info: ? UK Established with global sales and training network ? Genuine innovators in the industry ? A specialist within both NHS Private market sectors ? Immense growth rate last 2 years ? Clinician focussed manufacturer  can adapt products to surgeons requirements ? Broad range of surgical and orthopaedic products Role Information: ? Covering east Scotland Exclusively ? Responsible for hunting new business through existing contacts ? Selling a full suite of surgical trauma products ? To use key analytical data to identify new business wins ? Implementation of training and education  highly service focused ? Build and manage excellent relationships with key customers Requirements: YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING ? Proven sales record within UK National Health Service sales environment ? Medical sales experience  pharmaceutical or devices ? Degree educated ? Passionate about working in the field of surgical trauma ? Tenacity ? Effective presentation, oral and written communication skills ? Customer focused  demonstrable relationship building skills ? Problem solver  Able to support surgeons and become part of the surgical team ? Experienced in tenders ? Resilient ? Results driven ? Living on territory ? Flexibility with time  early mornings, late nights and frequent weekend work required Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. On Target Recruitment, now recognised as one of the UK`s leading sales recruiters, has achieved significant organic growth since it`s inception in **** The development of a specialist team focusing on the key market of Medical Technologies has enabled our consultants to become experts in their field and boost the company forward into the contemporary market place. Roles our medically focused team recruits for include: Territory Managers, Key Account Management, Sales Executives, Regional Sales Managers, Business Development Managers, Business Unit Managers, National Country Managers, International Distribution Management, Pan  EMEA Sales Roles. The sectors of Medical Technology sales recruitment include, but are not exclusive to; Orthopaedics, Cardiology, Radiology, Haemodynamics, WoundCare, Surgical Urology, Surgical Robotics, Endoscopy, Vascular, Biologics, Diagnostics, Neurology and Respiratory OTR also cater for the clinical aspect of medical sales recruiting for: Nurse Advisors, Clinical Support Staff, Training Education Implementation, UK Clinical Managers