Title: Pharmacy Manager Jobs in Gainsborough
Webindex: 71233364
Company: Flame Health
Description: Flame Health Pharmacy Jobs  Pharmacy Manager Jobs in Gainsborough Flame Health Pharmacy are looking to recruit a Pharmacy Manager in the Gainsborough area. Are you looking to work for a supermarket chain where your hard work is recognised on a daily basis and you are paid extra for carrying out normal day to day services? We are currently looking for a highly motivated pharmacy manager who will make a real difference. You will have every opportunity to lead and shape your practice and put it right at the heart of the store. This will involve emphasising the importance of clinical governance and investing time in the training of your colleagues. You will proactively develop Pharmacy sales, services and profitability in a costeffective, efficient and safe manner, you will of course adhere to legal, ethical and Company requirements/systems. You will manage the department and develop individual staff competence, as well as a high performing Pharmacy team, making sure you develop, implement and share best practices. Focusing on the daytoday business, as well as mediumterm operation, you will be expected to regularly audit staff, services, systems, records and standards. Relationships with the community are extremely important in this sector and this is something you will play a big part of with this company, they proudly represent what a pharmacy is all about being at the heart of the community. You will be continually updated with the best up to date CPD and will be rewarded with a fantastic benefits package including:  Excellent Salary  Payment of Registration Fee on Renewal (Conditions Apply)  10% Staff Discount on Commencement  Free Life Assurance  Profit Share (After Qualifying Period)  Opportunity to Join a Stakeholder Pension Scheme  29 Days Paid Holiday (Including three Statutory Bank Holidays)  Service Award  Healthcare Cash Plans  Employee Assistance Programme Offering Independent and Confidential Advice and Support for our Colleagues  Selected Discounted Benefits  Subsidised Staff Canteen/Vending Facilities  Additional Service Payments (Conditions Apply)  Pre Reg Tutor Payment  Professional Indemnity Cover Of course you will be a qualified Pharmacist registered with the GPHC, with management experience. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Pharmacy Manager Job Opportunities in the Gainsborough area or the Lincolnshire Region  Contact Flame Health Freephone on **** **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** **** alternatively email pharmacyflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency Employment Business