Title: Support Workers (Part time & Casual)
Webindex: 69768646
Company: Turning Point
Description: Must be age **** Everyone's Turning Point is unique. It's the moment when they realise they've made a small, but important, step forward. Very often, that small step is the start of something bigger. But only when the right support, advice and services are in place. That's where you come in. Join us as a Support Worker at our Bedfordshire Care Supported Living service, and you will be part of a team who share the uncompromising belief that people with a Learning Disability and complex needs should have the same opportunities in life as everyone else. For our clients that means providing the support so that they can lead a positive, free and fulfilling life. For you, it means an exceptionally varied and rewarding role where no two days are the same. This is a hands–on job in which you will support clients with personal care and hygiene as well as a full range of daily activities, including assisting with medication and accessing the local community. But that's just the start. Our Support Workers are committed to ensuring our clients lead a varied and rewarding life – and are actively engaged it making it happen. That could mean getting involved with anything from accompanying them to the shops to organising a day at an outward bound centre. Although previous relevant experience, on either a voluntary basis or as a paid employee is preferable, most important is that you are flexible and patient and are able to view situations from a service user's perspective. Situations can sometimes be difficult and challenging, so you'll need to be non–judgemental, with a sensitive approach and a good understanding of how to meet complex needs related to physical impairment. At a practical level, you will need IT skills and the ability to handle admin and paperwork. There will also be elements of manual handling. We currently have part time and casual vacancies covering our shift pattern of evenings, weekdays, weekends and nights at our Potton, Harrold and Bedford services. The employer has claimed an exception under the Equality Act 2010.