Title: RGN  Maidstone
Webindex: 71095186
Company: Team 24 Ltd
Description: I have a Nursing Home looking for 2 RGNs to start immediately. You should be able to demonstrate good leadership skills and be committed to delivering a high quality person centred care and treatment.To provide and supervise the delivery of high quality nursing care to residents in accordance with uptodate, evidence based professional practice and Group policies. To provide clinical coordination of a shift in the absence of the senior sister.To provide clinical leadership and supervision to Healthcare Assistants to develop and implement individualised person centred care, through the care planning process.To act as a named nurse and at all times being professional and acting within the code of professional conduct.In the absence of the Senior Sister, provide visible leadership to the nursing team on a shift basis. Lead the shift team, supervising staff in all respects including orientation of new staff, appraisal, training and development of care staff, guiding, supporting, monitoring and evaluating staff performance. Ensure that the standard of resident care is maintained at all times within the parameters of operational policies and governing legislation. The position is not far from Maidstone, Tunbridge Well and Ashford Please apply to PeterTeam24 Now About us: Team24 is a healthcare recruitment specialist which provides healthcare workers for a wide range of temporary placements, from doctors to specialist nurses across the NHS and private sectors. We pride ourselves on providing an exceptional quality of service to all in the healthcare sector, including the NHS, GP Surgeries, Mental Health Institutions, Prisons, Charities, Community Nursing, Nursing Homes, Residential Homes and the Military. We supply Nurses, Care workers, GP’s, Consultants and Homecare, on a 24 hour basis depending on when you need work. We can do this on a Temporary, Fixed Term Contract or Permanent Basis, what ever you need, when ever you need it. We work throughout the UK, supporting clients when they need us and working in partnership with them to ensure that we supply the right member of staff for their needs. As a company we are growing on a weekly basis and have numerous opportunities available in various trusts and private organisations throughout the UK, if this role isn’t what you are looking for why not send you details to our recruitment team via email recruitersteam24.co.uk or visit our website at www.team24.co.uk Thank you for your interest. Team24 is an Equal Opportunity Employer