Title: Band 6 MRI/CT Radiographer – Scotland
Webindex: 71771818
Company: About Health Professionals
Description: Band 6 MRI/CT Radiographer  Scotland Our client has a vacancy for a Band 6 MRI/CT Radiographer to work in Scotland. This is a fulltime position with an immediate start. The pay rate for this role is **** per hour depending on experience. Duties   Conducting a wide range of CT/MR scans upon a range of patient types, both as an autonomous practitioner and as part of a multi professional team, in a manner that meets professional, departmental and legal standards and requirements.  Proactively assisting in the management of the MRI and CT scanning departments on a daily basis, whilst fostering a safe and efficient environment for patients and staff and visitors.  Supervising and teaching junior Radiographers, student Radiographers, and RDAs and to actively help, teach and support training SPRs. Requirements  You must have a relevant qualification in Radiography and also have post graduate qualifications in ultrasound. Applicants must also be professionally registered in the area you wish to work and be eligible to work in the UK. Candidates applying to work in England must hold a HCPC registration. You must have a minimum of 2 years post qualifying experience within MRI and CT. Contact  This vacancy is advertised by Joseph Hines, if you are interested in this vacancy please apply now. What you can expect from About Heath Professionals:  Support from a dedicated consultant with extensive health care experience  Choice of a variety of positions throughout the UK within many specialism's  Excellent rates of pay  Automatic job alerts tailored to your requirements and experience  PAYE or LTD company payments  Excellent Referral Scheme  **** for each successfully placed referral About Health Professionals is part of Sanctuary Personnel, the largest independently owned social work recruitment company in the UK. Our high level of commitment and support within the allied health market separates us from other agencies in the sector. About Sanctuary:  Preferred supplier to **** local authorities and organisations such as the NHS.  Specialist social work training division 'Sanctuary Training'  We have our own DBS (formerly CRB) umbrella body, including faster online DBS applications  Double winners of the 2012 national Recruiter Awards for Excellence in the 'Best Public Sector Recruitment Agency' and 'Best Client Service' categories  Sixtime winners of the Archant Recruitment awards