Title: International Sales Trainer  Medical Devices  Ortho
Webindex: 69266169
Company: G2 Healthcare Resourcing
Description: The Role:  Bracing Support (Vascular if needed) product launch training  content development sales training delivery by market needs as requested  Recovery Science product launch training content development sales training delivery by market needs as requested  Customize content, coordinate and deliver biannual training courses for international markets in Guildford for new hires and advanced level as required.  Develop new training materials and refine existing materials for both online and classroom programs.  Coordinate with training resources in International Markets to ensure consistency in messages, support, etc. Ensure effective utilization of supporting clinical evidence, liaising with International Marketing as needed  Work collaboratively with sales training team, international general managers and international marketing team to solicit input as needed regarding the design and development of training content and delivery.  Participate in Sales Training Dept initiatives including scheduled communications and meetings The Person:  Clinical sales experience  Some clinical background through studies e.g. Sports Science or similar or has previously worked in an orthopaedic related profession e.g. physiotherapist, osteopath etc.  Experienced in delivering training  Ideally will have some knowledge of another European language but if not, will have worked in a geographically diverse organization(s).  Able to travel as necessary, largely within Europe.  Highly organized and independent; able to operate alone but at the same time is understands when management needs to be informed and involved. Self motivated and energetic.  Good interpersonal skills; is able to build bonds with customers at all levels  Generally IT literate The Client Our client is a global medical device company specializing in rehabilitation and regeneration. They occupy a leading market position in the orthopaedics, electrotherapy and vascular markets. They have consistently shown above average growth and turnover in of approx $****BN. They offer a broad range of products covering rehabilitation and pain management. The Package: **** base salary  Benefits G**** Healthcare Resourcing are specialist sales recruiters for sales executives, sales representatives, account managers, business development managers, product specialists in Pharmaceutical sales, Medical sales, healthcare sales, Medical Equipment, Medical Devices, disposables, surgical tools, ophthalmic products, capital equipment, ultrasound, wound care, endoscopy, anaesthetic, cardiovascular, dental, pressure care, mobility equipment, urology, sutures, consumer healthcare, respiratory, infusion, optical, Trauma