Title: Pharmaceutical Validation Engineer Contract
Webindex: 65201222
Company: Quality Start
Description: Pharmaceutical Validation Engineer Contract East Sussex Opportunity: This is a brand new opportunity for a validation engineer to join a leading pharmaceutical company initially on a 12 months contract where you will review, develop and improve current validations and ensure all processes, equipment, cleaning methodologies, utilities/facilities, computer, analytical methods are validated. Duties and responsibilities include: Manage / execute validation projects and provide commissioning, qualification and validation (CQV) support to new and ongoing projects across site. Compose, review and approve all validation documentation associated with processes, equipment, methods, utilities/ facilities and computer systems. Provide QA input to various other projects on site. To maintain master validation plan (MVP)/ Master Validation reports and associated secondary validation documentation. Development and technical transfer of new products. Support other site QA compliance activities such as self inspection compliance, Product Quality Reviews, Technical Agreement compliance, Pharmacopeia compliance, File compliance. This is a full time 12 months contract which will pay a salary between **** to **** per annum for the duration of the contract. Skills: To apply for the role of Validation Engineer you will have previous experience within a validation environment in the pharmaceutical industry with a good understanding of Good Manufacturing Practice and ideally degree qualified. How to Apply: If this sounds like the role for you or a colleague then please don t hesitate to contact us. Quality Start will offer **** to anyone who successfully recommends a candidate who is subsequently employed by our client. To apply for this one of opportunity, please send your CV to me now or call (Apply online only) for a confidential chat. For a list of our current vacancies, please visit our website. If you do not hear from Quality Start within 2 weeks your CV has not been short listed for this role. Quality Start are acting as a specialist recruitment consultancy for this role