Title: Home Manager  Shrewsbury
Webindex: 67746734
Company: Domus Recruitment
Description: Domus Recruitment have pleasure in representing this professional provider of quality and homely care facilities for the elderly. Our client is currently looking for an experienced Manager to join their friendly team at their Nursing Home in Telford, Shropshire.The RoleThis company have an excellent reputation for providing person centred care within the local area. As a Home Manager you will be running the day to day operations as well as taking a more strategic approach to the overall management of this medium sized Home. The home specialises in residential nursing and also caters for respite and palliative care.Home Manager  Responsibilities: Responsible for the management and supervision of staff to enable them to maximise their potential, through leadership, coaching, example, support and guidance. Responsible for budget management. Adhering to all CQC regulations and raising standards of care where necessary. Be responsible for the negotiation of contracts and fees with Local Authorities and PCT’s for new and existing services. You will be required to maintain the high care standards that have been set in the home, and be an excellent manager of staff. Home Manager  skills required: Proven Home Management experience. A Nurse qualification is highly desirable and preference will be given to candidates who hold either an RGN or RMN qualification. Consideration will be given to nonnurse Managers who have exceptional Care Home Management experience Minimum NVQ **** in care or RMA (desirable) You will be committed to providing the highest care standards. Excellent communication and leadership skills. Experience of working in the healthcare sector, be driver and motivated and believe in quality care. Strong leadership and management qualities are essential, as is a dynamic and flexible approach to the role.Previously successful candidates have had experience as a Home Manager. Candidates can expect a very competitive salary and to work for an excellent ethically sound and successful company in the Care sector. Please send your CV in application for this role if you feel you have the skills, experience and commitment for this excellent opportunity.