Title: New Referrals Manager  Critical Care  West Yorkshire
Webindex: 68825002
Company: Evolve Selection Limited
Description: Our client delivers a range of diverse, clinically focused care packages to adults and children in the community. They are committed to a vision of improving quality of life and have built up a highly regarded reputation in this sector. Due to expansion, we have a position available for a New Referrals Manager to be office based at their new head office located within West Yorkshire. The role: The role is an office based position and will be the first point of contact for new referrals of patients when they make their initial visit to the office. The role will also involve some travel covering a large geography in order to visit the centres who are making the referrals. The person will take initial details and help preliminary design of the packages. To demonstrate drive, initiative and flexibility in carrying out all the principal responsibilities to promote and maintain high standards of service fulfilling the needs of the clients. Care Knowledge, experience, understanding and practical ability to meet the specialist and clinical needs of individuals including: To assist in the assessment of health and social care needs of all potential clients to the service to ensure appropriate discharge arrangements. To regularly monitor and review client care plans and care records to ensure the continuity of the clients care and treatments programmes. Customer Knowledge, experience, understanding and practical ability to communicate with external and internal customers including: To work in collaboration with the client and their families, community nurses, health visitors, physiotherapists, occupational therapists, speech and language therapists, teachers, clinical psychologists, case managers and other health and social care professionals in client centred treatment programmes and care plans. To ensure nursing practice in the packages is in accordance with the NMC Codes of Conducts. Culture and Communication Knowledge, experience, understanding and practical ability to work in collaboration with other people including: To work with the team in the ongoing assessment and review of health and social care needs of all other clients. To develop a consistent problem solving approach to all clients activities of daily living as part of the multidisciplinary team. To attend staff meetings and client reviews where appropriate. Essential Skills and Abilities: Ideally a paediatric nurse background although not essential Registered Nurse NVQ in Care (Level 2 or **** or willing to work towards) Ability to work as part of a team Ability to work without supervision Shift and visit work including weekdays, weekends, sleep ins, wake nights, bank holidays, split shifts and evenings. Numeracy and Literacy skills Satisfactory Level of Verbal and written communication skills Interview Process 2 stage Salary  circa **** (Dependent on experience) plus car