Title: Clinical Fellow Paediatrics
Webindex: 68718205
Company: NHS Lothian
Description: Further information about our opportunities in Paediatrics and Neonates can be found on the following Microsite http://www.nhslothianmedicaljobs.co.uk/opportunities/index.html Applications are invited for Clinical Fellow posts (two year fixed term) at Department of Medical Paediatrics St Johns Hospital Livingston and the Royal Hospital for Sick Children Edinburgh. The posts are based at the St Johns Hospital Livingston with out of hours work there. There is time in the proposed job plans for day time sessions in a subspecialty at the Royal Hospital for Sick Children in Edinburgh or in Neonatology at the Simpson?s Centre for Reproductive Health. Subspecialties available include: ?Respiratory Paediatrics ?Community Child Health ?Neurodisability ?Emergency Medicine ?Gastroenterology Hepatology and Nutrition ?Neurology ?High Dependency Paediatrics ?Diabetes Applicants will be required to be fully registered with GMC with a license to practice. At least 4 years fulltime (or equivalent) postgraduate experience in paediatrics including neonatology with competencies in neonatology and paediatrics of an ST**** trainee. Informal enquiries should be made to Dr David Valentine Consultant Paediatrician email: david.valentinenhslothian.scot.nhs.uk  or to Dr Paul Eunson Clinical Director of Paediatrics email: paul.eunsonluht.scot.nhs.uk  **** Employer details: NHS Lothian is responsible for meeting the health needs of approximately **** people living in and around Edinburgh. We employ approximately **** staff and provide a comprehensive range of primary, community and acute care services for the populations of Edinburgh, Midlothian, East Lothian and West Lothian. Across all areas of care, we seek to provide specialist and general services fairly and efficiently and to the highest standards. Stateoftheart buildings and our forwardlooking and innovative approach have earned our hospitals recognition as centres of excellence. Our clinical care, teaching and research have a national and growing international reputation. NHS Lothian provides an extensive range of primary care services, including mental health, GP and other communitybased services. Primary care services are also provided at the Royal Edinburgh Hospital, the Eastern General, Liberton and the Royal Victoria Hospital. We also provide a comprehensive range of acute adult, paediatric and maternity services. Acute care is provided from the following sites: the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh at Little France; the Western General Hospital; St John's Hospital at Howden, Livingston; the Royal Hospital for Sick Children; the Royal Victoria Hospital; Liberton Hospital; the Princess Alexandra Eye Pavilion, and the Lauriston Building. Working in NHS Lothian: A move to NHS Lothian will give you the chance to develop your NHS career and enhance your lifestyle. There is much to admire and enjoy in the Lothian region, from the splendour of Edinburgh, Scotland's historic capital city, to the beauty and variety of the countryside and coastline.