Title: Asbestos Lab Analyst  Asbestos P****  Cheshire
Webindex: 71556858
Company: Future Select Recruitment
Description: Our client is of the UK s leading asbestos consultancy, and they provide a full range of asbestos and environmental management services to clients from all levels. Due to expansion in workload, they are presently looking for a keen and selfmotivated Asbestos Lab Analyst to work from a mobile lab/home in Cheshire, hence the applicant must hold a full driving license. The successful candidate must hold the P**** asbestos qualification and must have at least six months experience working within this role and within the asbestos industry. The main duties will entail: Receiving and appropriately logging samples received by the laboratory. Preparing samples for analysis. Carrying out analysis of samples for fibre content and typing certificates of analysis as and when required. Producing accurate paper work. In general, the candidates will be flexible, have good IT skills and good communication skills, both written and verbal and have the ability to organize workload effectively and within time frame and work under pressure and must be prepared to travel. This is a good opportunity to join a highly successful company that offers a competitive salary, company van and other benefits. Future Select specialize in recruiting staff in the Asbestos Industry. We currently have over a **** clients that are looking for candidates that have from 3 months experience to people with over 20 years in the industry. We have vacancies for Assistant Asbestos Surveyors, Basic Asbestos Surveyor, Lead Asbestos Surveyors, Asbestos Analysts, Asbestos Project Managers, Asbestos Junior Consultants, Asbestos Senior Consultants, Asbestos Laboratory Technicians, Asbestos Removal Contracts Managers, to Asbestos Director level positions. Salaries ranging ****k.We are recruiting for Asbestos clients in all regions throughout the UK. We are inundated with applications, will endeavour to get back in touch, however if you have applied to Future Select and you have not heard from us after a week, on this occasion, you will not have been successful. Your details will be saved on our system and you will be contacted in the future if a vacancy matches your skills