Title: Orthodontic Dental Nurse Jobs in West London
Webindex: 69933577
Company: Flame Health Associates LLP
Description: Flame Health Dentistry  Orthodontic Dental Nurse Jobs in West London Flame Health Dentistry are currently recruiting for an Orthodontic Nurse to join this Independent Private Orthodontic practice based in SouthWest London / Surrey. This modern practice has all the latest technology and is well equipped throughout. There are ****5 days of work available, with some flexibility on working hours. Training and coaching are fundamentals of this organisation. All staff undergo an induction period and regular meetings and training sessions are held at the practice. Continued personal professional development is always encouraged. Responsibilities within this position include the coordination of clinician activities, as well as assisting the orthodontists, providing crossinfection control, sterilisation of equipment and preparation of surgery. You will maintain surgery/protocol, conduct patient education (hygiene) and provide patient oral hygiene checks, developing and building a rapport with patients. You will also be expected to communicate with the clinician and receptionist accurately, assisting the receptionist as required, inputting accurate data into the appointment book. Applicants must be qualified as an Dental Nurse and be registered with the GDC. Experience in Orthodontics would be ideal, but candidates without this experience will be considered and training provided. It is also desired that the candidate is qualified with radiography. They must have exceptional patient manner and can do attitude to work in this demanding environment. This is a parttime position to work 3 or 4 days per week. Salary negotiable dependent on individual needs, qualifications and experience. Start Date: ASAP To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Orthodontic Dental Nurse Opportunities in the West London Region  Contact Flame Health on (Apply online only) or if calling from a mobile on (Apply online only). Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business