Title: Orthopaedic Key Account Manager
Webindex: 69689651
Company: On Target Recruitment Limited
Description: Job Title: Orthopaedic Key Account Manager Sector: Medical Technologies Niche: Orthopaedic Trauma Selling: Full Trauma Portfolio Selling To: Theatre, Orthopods, Surgeons, Consultants, Procurement Territory: East Midlands, Nottingham, Leicester, Derby, Lincoln Package: ****k  Car, Pension, Healthcare, Business Tools Trauma implants and instruments are used for the surgical treatment of fractures, deformities, and tumor diseases of long bones, such as those of the arms and legs. In addition to product offerings indicated for long bone fracture fixation. You will also be expected to sell trauma implants for the shoulder, hand, pelvis, hip, condyles, and foot. Consultant: Ben Farthing Company Info: ? A market leader in all aspects of Orthopaedics ? Outstanding Global Reputation and known for training and innovation ? High focus on quality and innovation Role Information: ? Management of Key Accounts on patch with a multi million  turnover ? Maximise and drive revenue through existing accounts ? Liaise with KOL`s and decision makers and manage all stages of the sales process ? Ability to plan both budgetary and business related ? Implementation of training and education Requirements: YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING ? 2 Years Medical Sales experience ? Proven track record of success ? A desire for longevity within one of the markets leading players ? Problem Solver ? First Class communication skills IDEALLY YOU WILL HAVE THE FOLLOWING ? Orthopaedic Sales Experience (Trauma or otherwise) ? Medical Device Sales Experience Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. On Target Recruitment, now recognised as one of the UK`s leading sales recruiters, has achieved significant organic growth since it`s inception in **** The development of a specialist team focusing on the key market of Medical Technologies has enabled our consultants to become experts in their field and boost the company forward into the contemporary market place. Roles our medically focused team recruits for include: Territory Managers, Key Account Management, Sales Executives, Regional Sales Managers, Business Development Managers, Business Unit Managers, National Country Managers, International Distribution Management, Pan  EMEA Sales Roles. The sectors of Medical Technology sales recruitment include, but are not exclusive to; Orthopaedics, Cardiology, Radiology, Haemodynamics, WoundCare, Surgical Urology, Surgical Robotics, Endoscopy, Vascular, Biologics, Diagnostics, Neurology and Respiratory OTR also cater for the clinical aspect of medical sales recruiting for: Nurse Advisors, Clinical Support Staff, Training Education Implementation, UK Clinical Managers