Title: Allied Health Care Professional : Mobile Optometrist Jobs in Kent
Webindex: 69568540
Description: Flame Health Optometry  Mobile Optometrist Jobs in Kent Part Time (34 days per week) Flame Health Optometry are currently looking to recruit a Mobile Optometrist to work across long established practices in Whitstable and Herne Bay. This is a fantastic opportunity for a confident and dynamic Optometrist to join one of the leading optical groups within the U.K, which has been established for almost 100 years. Both practices are fully equipped and have full supporting staff. As an independent group they have an excellent array of lenses, contact lenses and quality frames such as Prada, D&G, Versace and Ray Ban giving you professional freedom to provide a bespoke service to each patient. As an optometrist you may be required to display flexibility in accommodating patient's requirements. You will work five days out of six, as the practice does not trade on Sunday. At the branch they have an established team who pride themselves on their friendly and helpful demeanour. As an optometrist you will be responsible for ensuring that the highest levels of customer service are provided to patients by ensuring you understand your roles and responsibilities and providing training where necessary. With your excellent communication skills you will build rapport easily patients putting them at ease with your chair side manner. You will be also be interested in the stores performance on a daily, weekly and monthly basis and know how to assist in helping the practice achieve the results it requires. You will enjoy fitting contact lenses and providing aftercare. An understanding of the commercial requirements would be advantageous but is not a prerequisite however you will be receptive to developing in this area of the business. In return for your experience you will be rewarded with an excellent salary, benefits package and modern working environment. The company also has an excellent reputation for training, which is highly regarded. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Mobile Optometrist Opportunities in the Kent Region  Contact Flame Health Freephone on **** **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email optometryflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business.