Title: Project Worker II
Webindex: 69768441
Company: Turning Point
Description: Must be age **** Everyone's Turning Point is unique. It's the moment when they realise they've made a small, but important, step forward. Very often, that small step is the start of something bigger. But only when the right support, advice and services are in place. That's where you come in. Our Learning Disability Services in Bedford supports eight clients with profound learning disabilities and complex needs. Join us, and you'll be part of a team who share the uncompromising belief that people with a Learning Disability should have the same opportunities in life as everyone else. For our clients that means providing the support so that they can lead a positive, free and fulfilling life. For you, it means an exceptionally rewarding career environment. Right now we are looking for an experienced individual to work as part of our management team. On a day–to–day basis you will assist the Team Leader in delivering high quality, person centred services that meet the individual needs of our clients. This will involve managing and coaching a team of Support Workers, allocating tasks, monitoring performance and ensuring that we meet our statutory requirements. You will also be responsible for reviewing care plans and risk assessments. There is a practical, hands on element to the role that will include assisting residents with personal care. With relevant previous experience in a Learning Disability environment and ideally a suitable qualification, you'll be a patient and sensitive communicator with a good understanding of how to deal with challenging situations and meet complex needs. An effective time manager, you will have a collaborative working style. Good IT and budgeting skills are also required to manage daily expenditure and administrative tasks. Working 37 hours per week, a full driving licence is required for this role as you may need to travel to other services in the area as required. This is a **** month fixed term contract to cover maternity leave. The employer has claimed an exception under the Equality Act 2010.