Title: Advanced Nurse Prescriber
Webindex: 69768679
Company: The Rotherham NHS Foundation Trust
Description: Job Title: Advanced Nurse Practitioner /Prescriber Oakwood Community Hospital Grade: AFC Band 7 Location: Oakwood Community Hospital, Moorgate Road Overall Purpose:  To provide a first point of contact for patients admitted to the Oakwood Community Hospital for assessment, diagnosis and treatment .  To improve outcomes for patients in order to reduce the number of hospital admissions and attendances at A E.  To be professionally accountable and responsible for all elements of clinical practice in accordance with NMC code of conduct.  To prescribe for patients within the boundaries of your qualification following a comprehensive assessment of the patient and working at all times within your clinical competence and Professional Code of Conduct.  Participate as a member of the multidisciplinary team at Oakwood Community Hospital through development of collaborative and innovative practice. Accountability: Reports to: Team Leader/Ward Manager – Community Hospital Accountable to: Head of Adult Nursing Services Freedom to Act:  Accountable for own professional actions.  Managed but not directly supervised.  Makes autonomous decisions re: assessing, diagnosing, treating and referring or discharging patients.  Refers to other professionals/agencies as appropriate. Key Results Areas/Responsibilities: Patient/client care  To practice at an advanced level portraying in depth knowledge of the management of ill health and long term conditions .  To provide a first point of contact to patients admitted to the Community Hospital .  To take a comprehensive history, and perform a systematic physical examination establishing baseline data to inform the treatment plan.  To identify and follow up patients to ensure clinical outcomes are achieved.  To make appropriate referrals to relevant clinical and social services.  Provide evidence based treatment plans based on sound clinical decision making, including knowledge of the unique presentation of illnes s and injury in adults.  To collaborate with appropriate Clinicians/Health Professionals to plan and implement treatment for acute minor illness/injury as required using skills in prescribing and medicines management.  To have an understanding of long term conditions management and liaise with other clinicians as necessary.  Ensure a robust process is in place to review care/treatments prescribed.  Lead and participate in auditing and monitoring all components of care delivery within the clinical governance framework.  Contribute to the wider development of the unscheduled care services.  Undertake risk assessments and manage risk in accordance with NHS RCHC Guidelines.  To demonstrate a sound knowledge and understanding of safeguarding adults in accordance with policy and process.  To use a Decision Support Tool as part of the assessment process when required.  To prescribe for patients within the boundaries of your qualification following a comprehensive assessment of the patient and working at all times within your clinical competence and Professional Code of Conduct.  To undertake assessment and reviews of patients who have fallen, liaising with and referring to other relevant services. Communication:  Build relationships and maintain professional boundaries and organisational boundaries.  To engage and communicate with all people who have a responsibility for the care and support of patients in the Community Hospital  To document the electronic patient record on SystmOne to record all referrals, consultations and treatments, prescribing decision and outcomes at the point of delivery of care … in accordance with record keeping standards and as stated in NMC guidelines.  To demonstrate effective communication methods with all relevant partners and services while maintaining patient confidentiality.  To ensure that service systems and processes support timely and accurate sharing of information with the patients registered GP.  Communicate health advice and instruction to relevant person(s) utilising evidence based rationale.  Work as an effective and responsible team member, supporting others and exploring the mechanisms to develop new ways of working. Education:  Provide health information, knowledge and resources to enable and support patients and carers.  Maintain knowledge and competency through participating in clinical supervision.  Maintain awareness of strategic and organisational changes with particular emphasis on unscheduled care.  Contribute to learning opportunities in the clinical setting that support the organisations obligations.  Contribute to the induction, development and support of other team members.  Responsible for maintaining ongoing clinical competence and identifying training needs within the requirements of the role.  To be responsible for undertaking all mandatory training.  Develop and maintain an up to date personal development plan relating to the annual PDR (personal development review) process.  As an Independent Prescriber keep up to date with best practice in the management of conditions for which you may prescribe and in legal and professional developments Leadership Management:  Lead on the development of policies procedures and guidelines relating to job role, ensuring they are implemented, monitored and audited  Take a lead role in advocating for the patient to obtain optimal treatment and symptom control thereby improving quality of life and well being.  Provide expert advice on minor illness and injury to improve and develop services across organisational boundaries.  To lead the implementation and evaluation of evidence based practice within the Advanced Nurse Practitioner role.  Demonstrate that the service provided has been effective in reducing avoidable admissions and attendance at A E by reporting from SystmOne. Professional:  To be professionally accountable and responsible for all elements of clinical practice in accordance with NMC code of conduct.  Have a personal development plan and professional portfolio  Responsible for ordering and maintaining adequate stock levels and cost effective application of resources.  Comply with policies and guidelines associated with the supply and administration of medicines.  Apply infection control measures within practice according to local and national policies.  Prioritise own workload and ensure effective time management strategies are embedded within the culture of the team. Physical, Mental and Emotional Requirements: Physical  Required to exert moderate physical effort for varying periods of time on a daily basis  Moving and handling patients  Initiating and participation in a variety of treatment/interventions Mental Effort  Frequent requirement for intense concentration whilst taking a detailed history performing a clinical examination, formulating a diagnosis and prescribing treatment to patients with minor health needs. Emotional Effort  Frequent exposure to emotional and distressing circumstances Working Conditions:  Direct contact with body fluids on a daily basis  Contact with patients with infectious conditions  At risk of physical/verbal abuse from patients  Use a VDU for frequent periods of time on a daily basis General:  The post holder will support the Clinical Manager as required across the range of his/her duties as appropriate with the grading of this post.  In the context of rapid and ongoing changes within the NHS the above responsibilities represent the current priorities and requirements for the post. These priorities will develop and evolve over time. Any significant changes will be the subject of full consultation with the post holder.  Ensure Trust Information Governance policy and best practice is followed (including confidentiality and data quality) to ensure data quality is maximised and confidentiality of information is maintained and applied to all data recorded, utilised and reported on. Job Description Agreement This agreement confirms that the attached Job Description for the post of Advanced Nurse Practitioner is agreed an accurate reflection of the current main duties and responsibilities of the post. Post holder(s) Signed……………………………………………………Date………………………… Manager Signed……………………………………………………Date……………………….