Title: Support Workers / Support Staff / Domiciliary Care Workers  Dorchester
Webindex: 71611811
Company: Coburg Banks
Description: Support Workers / Support Staff / Domiciliary Care Workers / Home Care Assistant Supported Living – Learning Disabilities Salary: up to **** per hour Location: Dorset Hours: Daytime or evening shift patterns available We are currently seeking Support Workers to work with people who have a learning disability to help them live independent lives. The Position: We are looking to recruit experienced support staff to work within supported living services in and around the Dorset area. These services specialise in providing care and support for individuals with Learning Disabilities who wish to receive care within their own homes. Duties will include:  Actively supporting customers within their own home by undertaking a range of tasks including, cooking, cleaning, and personal care.  Supporting customers to access the local community for shopping, health appointments and social activities.  You will also be required to working with other professionals, attend review meetings and update care plans. The Person: We are looking for proactive, flexible and caring individuals who will become Support Workers/support staff for people with Learning Disabilities. You will have a great sense of humour and you will preferably be qualified to an NVQ Level 2 in health & social care. Whilst Experience is preferred it is not essential as full training and support will be provided. You MUST hold a valid UK driving license. Access to your own vehicle is preferred but not essential. The company: Lifeways is an established national provider of services for people with Learning disabilities. For over 15 years Lifeways has offered services such as Supported Living, Floating Support, Short Breaks/Respite, transitional Support and Residential Care to people with a range of disabilities and complex needs. Lifeways strive to provide excellent and inclusive services, that provide value for money to their customers, within their local communities, and to make an impact of the life of each person that they support. The package basic salary is an hourly rate of up to **** This position would be ideal for candidates from the following backgrounds: Carer, Home Carer, HCA, Support worker, care manager, care supervisor, care assistant and healthcare assistant. Interested? Then send us your CV and we will consider you for the first round of interviews.