Title: Head of Care / Deputy Manager ****
Webindex: 56010377
Description: Head of Care, RGN for Excellent Nursing Home in Basingstoke, Hampshire **** Eclypse Recruitment is searching for an experienced Registered Nurse with excellent clinical knowledge and experience to become the Head of Care within a large purpose built nursing home in Basingstoke, Hampshire. This lovely modern nursing home in Basingstoke, Hampshire provides excellent nursing respite care and support to a large number of guests who have various nursing requirements including dementia and elderly frail nursing. The home is a lovely modern nursing home which has retained a 'homely' feel. The home manager is currently looking for an exceptional Head of Care / Deputy Home Manager to help run the home on a day to day basis. The ideal candidate must be a Registered General Nurse, (RGN). Candidates must be able to demonstrate excellent clinical skills and knowledge and will have a proven track record working in elderly nursing homes. You must really understand the day to day operations of a nursing home and have at worked in this environment previously as a clinical lead or as a deputy home manager. Communication and leadership skills are vital for this role along with the ability to improve and develop the clinical procedures & standards within the home. All candidates must be able to display strong clinical skills and strong leaderships and management skills. Along with ensuring that clinical standards are kept at optimal level within the home, you will also identify and ensure that correct / relevant training is given to the individual staff to ensure that there clinical knowledge and practice is up to date and competent. This really is a great opportunity for an Experienced Registered Nurse / Clinical Manager to step up as Head of Clinical Care within an excellent nursing home in Basingstoke, Hampshire. Salary is **** per annum. Interested? Apply Now, alternatively contact Becky at Eclypse Recruitment for more information.