Title: Qualified Dispensing Optician  North London
Webindex: 71402729
Company: Your World Healthcare
Description: Qualified Dispensing Optician North London Due to Increased demand from our clients, Your World Healthcare are currently recruiting for a Qualified Dispensing Optician in Wood Green, North London Job Overview We re looking for a Qualified Dispensing Optician to assist in the operation of the store in order to achieve sales targets and profitability through the effective dispensing of single vision, bifocal, varifocal, high index and aspheric lenses whilst ensuring the highest level of customer service is adhered to. You will work as part of a team delivering total satisfaction to customers whilst acting as an ambassador for the client ensuring every customer is welcomed into the store and to ensure their expectations are exceeded throughout the customer journey . You ll also play an active role in the provision of mentoring the store team as well as providing technical advice and guidance to the store team to encourage best practice at all times. Job Requirements Be registered with the GOC Have achieved the core competencies as specified by the college of Optometrists and approved by the GOC Demonstrate commercial awareness Ideally have some basic IT skills Have effective communication skills both verbal and written Demonstrate exceptional customer service skills Applications welcome from Newly Qualified candidates but you must have strong dispensing skills. Salary ****  **** D.O.E.  excellent benefits You ll need to demonstrate good attention to detail along with good customer service. Team work also forms a big part of our culture so the ability to work well with other people is essential. You ll also be enthusiastic and willing to help others learn. Your World is a specialist Healthcare recruitment agency registered with The Government Procurement Service for the recruitment of both AHP HSS and Nonmedical Nonclinical staff. With existing contracts, throughout the UK, within both the public and private sectors we are able to provide the best range of jobs possible. Don t forget you could earn **** by just referring a friend or colleague. Conditions apply. .