Title: Clinical Governance CoOrdinator Lead for Audit up to ****
Webindex: 68062849
Company: Roberts Knight Selection
Description: Clinical Governance Coordinator Lead for Audit up **** To provide specialist advice on all of the clinical audit cycle to clinicians and clinical teams in order to support them to audit clinical practice. Support the Governance Department in general governance, quality, patient safety activities. Policy development, incident reporting and investigation and meeting Care Quality Commission Standards. Provide specialist advice on all aspects of the clinical audit cycle to clinicians and clinical teams in order to support them to audit clinical practice against national standards. Lead on the development of the clinical audit programme including developing systems for prioritising audit. Manage the ongoing maintenance of associated systems, database and processes for quality improvement, clinical audit and effectiveness in the Hospital ensuring that systems are formal and robust and has the ability to provide reports when required. Support and facilitate the development of patient/carer questionnaires / clinical audit tools. Provide support and advice for healthcare professionals in the development of clinical audit project methodologies, including all aspects of clinical audit project design, data collection methods and analytical support. Provide advice and support for staff on issues pertaining to clinical guidelines and their quality. Responsible for communicating and disseminating audit results and recommendations for changes in practice to enable continuous quality improvements. Ensure recommendations arising from audits are incorporated into an action plan to ensure implementation of changes so that improvements in practice are delivered. Develop action plans and monitor quality improvement across the hospital and, where required, re audit activity planned. Assist in the coordination of the Hospital’s participation in relevant National Audits Support the development of all Governance/Quality Annual Report’s and Quality. Ensure the delivery of clinical audit training to a range of staff and individuals. Excellent report writing skills produce clinical audit reports. Produce power point presentations of audit results and present these findings to multidisciplinary meetings. Ability to interpret and analyse data and provide written account of findings.Support the development and production of policies and procedures pertinent to the role and function of the Department. Participate in appropriate training and development activities. The Clinical Governance role includes receiving and presenting highly sensitive information. In addition the information can be complex, thus Clinical Governance staff are required to have the ability to communicate and negotiate effectively with staff (and consultants) on all levels of the organisation. This also includes the ability to deal with distress expressed by clinical staff involved in a serious incident. You have a responsibility for the identification of all risk which have a potential adverse affect on the Hospital’s ability to maintain quality of care and the safety of patients, staff and visitors, and for the taking of positive action to eliminate or reduce these. Advanced keyboard use, accuracy of data management, and manipulation of data. Use of descriptive statistics. Maintain Professional Registration and experience through appropriate Continued To work with the Governance Team and others to develop and support clinical audit, standards and an effective culture by increasing awareness and understanding of the principles of each, through the provision of expertise, training and education To work with the governance team, Matron and Heads of Department to ensure that audit work within the hospital is done collaboratively and effectively. Must have worked in a similar role before and have a strong work record. Must be a graduate, or professionally qualified or extensive experience within the health sector. Experience in risk management. Excellent exp of clinical governance. Experience of implementing clinical audit processes. Excellent research and analytical skills, have excellent project management skills and ability to manage change effectively. Fabulous role for the right person. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ClinicalGovernanceCoOrdinatorLeadforAuditupto****_job****