Title: Clinical Manager (Team Leader)  London
Webindex: 72186866
Company: Team 24 Ltd
Description: My client is a leading private healthcare organisation, working under contract with the NHS. They are a 'people first’ employer who offer excellent training and development packages. They have a near 100% staff retention rate in recent years, with excellent feedback gained from new members to their team across 2012. A Clinical Manager is required for a 12 month contracted position in central London (Chelsea area). The Clinical Manager has 24 hour responsibility for a high quality cost efficient service; providing professional leadership for a team of nurses, physiotherapists and HCAs. There is also responsibility for developing the services to work in conjunction with all stakeholders in the NHS and Private sector increasing levels of activity. In addition to leading the team and service delivery, you will spend a significant amount of time working autonomously delivering **** patient care to patients in their homes. Key accountabilities for the role include: •Responsible for the quality standards of patient care •Act as a positive role model teams, leading by example •Encourage the development of team members and a team culture to include training needs analysis and appraisal •Build and maintain effective relationships with key staff, seeking opportunities for feedback to inform continuous service improvements •Plan and schedule patient care activities to ensure the most suitable and efficient use of resources while maintaining clinical and costeffectiveness. Reprioritise as necessary. •Demonstrate an awareness of cost efficiency and budget Ideal applicants will be either a qualified Nurse (RGN 1st level) or hold a Diploma / BSc in Physiotherapy with over five years post registration experience. Demonstrable experience in leading clinical teams is required, as well as (for nurses) current experience in key role areas such as venepuncture, cannulation, would care, IV therapies, and Hickmann lines. As a manager, you need to be able to manage a diverse team of professionals, maintaining standards and ensuring team harmony. As such, strong verbal and written communication skills are required. The service is community based, working with patients in their own homes. Therefore it is the essential that the post holder has their own vehicle and a valid UK drivers licence. Previous experience incommunity care or an acute care environment would be required. The working rota for nurses includes some evenings and weekends; the manager post has around 50% of the role with hands on clinical service requirement. Working some evenings and weekends would then give this management post holder around a 7% annual uplift (due to unsociable hours rates); for a salary of ****pa, this would equate to an annual take home of c****pa. The role provides a great opportunity to join an award winning organisation; to develop as a manager and team leader whilst maintaining hands on clinical skills. To apply, please submit a full and up to date CV to Ross Taylor, Team24, **** **** ****