Title: Dementia Department Head Winchester
Webindex: 70682111
Description: Reminiscence Coordinator – Person Specification and Job Description The Person: The Reminiscence Coordinator is a motivational and inspirational manager, who has the ability to motivate, engage, and exercise leadership throughout the team with an open communication style. Is able deliver a high standard of resident care and drive results in a specialised dementia care area devoted to seniors who are experiencing memory loss and associated cognitive problems. A key to success in this role is the ability to communicate well and build relationships with families to support them with the care of their family member. Communicate with professional bodies in relation to the care of residents and all members of the Sunrise team. Key Competencies Essential Desirable Qualifications NVQ 4 or **** / QCF **** in Health and Social care with 2 years experience– Residential, non nursing. Qualified RMN / RN  Nursing NVQ / QCF Level 2 or **** in Dementia care. Further qualifications in Dementia care / Dementia care models. Experience & Knowledge At least 4 years experience in long term care of the older person, with a sound understanding of those with Dementia. A detailed theoretical and practical knowledge of care plans and advanced care plans in respect of end of life care. Evidence of supervisory and management experience. Academic qualification in Management and Leadership. Ability to delegate assignments to the appropriate individuals based on their skills, roles and interests. Knowledge and experience of adult abuse and managing safeguarding referrals. Knowledge of care standards aligned to National Regulation and experience of the CQC registration & inspection process Knowledge of heath and safety procedures, including legislation Skills & Attributes Evidence of good IT skills (proficient in Windows, Outlook and Excel) IT qualification such as European Computer Driving Licence (ECDL). Ability to handle multiple priorities. Evidence of good written and verbal skills for communication and understanding Others Cheerful and outgoing personality. Ability to work flexible hours when required. Able to handle difficult situations with empathy and consideration. Retains confidential information. A good understanding of activities for residents. Interests and hobbies to share with residents. The key purpose of this post is: The Reminiscence Coordinator within each community will have full responsibility for the day to day management of the Reminiscence department, ensuring consistent high quality care delivery to our seniors. Reports to: The Reminiscence Coordinator reports to the Deputy Manger for all matters relating to regulatory standards set out by CQC. There is also a dotted reporting line into the General Manager for personal and career development, appraisals and pay review and all budgetary matters. The Reminiscence Coordinator will work in partnership with other Coordinator colleagues, and the Area Care Team to deliver high quality care. Key Internal Stakeholders: Deputy Manger, General Manager and other Coordinators Direct Reports: Reminiscence Care Team and Nurse ( In Nursing Communities) . Essential Key Duties: Resident Programmes and Care Plans, organises, develops and directs the overall operation of the department in accordance with CQC regulations and Sunrise standards and guidelines. Champions high standards of care within the Resident Centered Care Model. Facilitates the production of Individual Service Plans (ISPs), Risk Assessments and Daily Assignment Sheets and monitors ongoing process and practice. Prior to ‘move in’, review residents’ files and schedule family meetings to discuss resident profiles – coordinates the health care needs with the team and ensures resident has current Individual Service Plan according to Sunrise policy and CQC guidelines. Ensures the right resources are in place to deliver quality care and meet residents’ needs. Manages the care assessment process to determine levels of care with the appropriate staffing levels in partnership with the Registered Manager and General Manager. Partners with other coordinators to ensure individual resident needs and preferences are met. Recognises changes to a resident’s wellbeing / condition and takes appropriate action. Communicates regularly with families, GPs and other multi agency professionals. Acts as the community champion for the Reminiscence programme and activities. Demonstrates competence and leads programming with the assistance of the Activities and Volunteer Coordinator for the Reminiscence Neighbourhood. Designs, schedules and facilitates the Reminiscence programme incorporating Life Skills and focusing on creating pleasant days including a range of activities appropriate for residents who have dementia and associated cognitive problems. Quality Assurance and Regulatory Compliance Ensures the Reminiscence department follows all national minimum standards and Sunrise standards as they pertain to resident care and services. Report issues or concerns to the Registered Manager and the General Manager Strives to achieve an ‘excellent’ CQC rating. Develops and implements corrective plan of action in areas of poor performance, non compliance with CQC regulations and / or Sunrise standards. Develops a thorough working knowledge of current and evolving laws and regulations, policies and procedures relating to resident care and ensures compliance. Assists in the leadership and promotion of the Sunrise Health and Safety Programs and Risk Management policies. Ensures all required documentation is completed in accurately and in a timely manner. Experience of managing a quality framework within a care setting. Knowledge of Key Performance Indicators and delivery of these standards. People Management Overall management of the Reminiscence care team members and wellness nurses ensuring the right people are in the right place and delivering the highest level of person centered care. Ensuring staffing levels are in line with recruitment targets of 112% and that job holders meet the requirements of the role. Ensures all team members receive the appropriate induction and all mandatory training is completed within the specified timescales. Training Delivery as and when required. Manages the performance of team members and ensures regular reviews and appraisals take place. Areas of poor performance or conduct are to be addressed in an appropriate and timely manner. Complete staff supervisions bimonthly or as required. Act as a role model for team members and other managers. Schedule shifts, work patterns and training to ensure correct staffing levels in place at all times. Champions the Designated Care Manager approach to care delivery. Holds self and team accountable for delivery of quality care, implements corrective action as and when required and documents for record keeping. Attends Management meetings and training as and when required. Keeps up to date with developments in elderly care through reading, attending conferences and training sessions. Establishes cooperative relationships with local support groups for the elderly and Alzheimer’s and facilitates support for families from these groups Financial Management Ensures clinical budget is utilised efficiently. Understands and manages the department budget to include labour and other expenses and its impact on the Community’s profitability. Reviews labour costs on a week by week basis and implements initiatives that minimise costs without compromising staffing levels or quality of care, in discussion with the General Manager. Understands the internal costs associated with all Sunrise resident care programmes and ensures the community is achieving the care pack utilisation budget. Family Services Communicates regularly with families, GPs and other Multi disciplinary agencies, through the use of letters, phone calls, family buddies, family gatherings and Individual Service Plan meetings. Acts as a resource and meets the residents’ and family members’ social programme while encouraging family involvement. Oversees the operation of the Family Resource Library and maintains standards and resources along with information on Alzheimer’s disease. Host monthly family support meetings to provide information and support for family members. Core Competencies: Adaptability Building Trust Communication Decision Making Planning and Organising Initiating Action Benefits: Basic Salary Company Pension Private Health Insurance Life Insurance Income protection Insurance Holiday Entitlement – 28 days per year plus bank holidays