Title: Senior Nurse Coordinator  Assisted Living Coordinator  Newbury
Webindex: 68310169
Company: Reed
Description: I am recruiting on behalf of my client who is a prestigious care and assisted living provider who strive to facilitate a high quality of life for it’s residents and communities. The Assisted Living Coordinators within each community will have full responsibility for the day to day management of either the Assisted Living Neighbourhood and will reports to Registered Manager for all matters relating to regulatory standards set out by CQC. The main areas of responsibility will include: • Resident Programmes and Care: Plans, organises, develops and directs the overall operation of the Neighbourhood in accordance with CQC regulations and Sunrise standards and guidelines. Communicates regularly with families, GPs and other multi agency professionals. • Quality Assurance and Regulatory Compliance: Ensures the Neighbourhood follows all national minimum standards and Sunrise standards as they pertain to resident care and services. Develops and implements corrective plan of action in areas of poor performance, non compliance with CQC regulations and / or Sunrise standards. • People Management: Overall management of the Neighbourhood team members ensuring the right people are in the right place and doing a good job. Manages the performance of team members and ensures regular reviews and appraisals take place. Areas of poor performance or conduct are to be addressed in an appropriate and timely manner. • Financial Management: Ensures clinical budget is utilised efficiently. Understands and manages the department budget to include labour and other expenses and its impact on the Community’s profitability. • Family Services: Communicates regularly with families, GPs and other Multi disciplinary agencies, through the use of letters, phone calls, family buddies, family gatherings and Individual Service Plan meetings. Acts as a resource and meets the residents’ and family members’ social programme while encouraging family involvement. The Assisted Living Coordinator will ideally be someone from a Nursing or Care Home management background. Although you will be reporting into a General Manager you will be responsible for your own unit within the community. For this role we will consider Nurse Managers, Registered Managers and clinical Team Leaders (must be qualified Nurse with valid NMC). The salary offered will be ****  **** plus bonus and excellent career prospects. For further information, please contact, Jane Douglass on **** **** Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business.