Title: Level 3 Qualified Social Worker  Adults & Community Services
Webindex: 68067982
Company: Sanctuary Personnel
Description: Level 3 Qualified Social Worker  Adults Community Services Our client has a vacancy for a Level 3 Qualified Social Worker to work within Adults and Community Services based in Dorset. The pay rate for this role is **** per hour depending on experience (limited company worker). Duties   Identifying individual needs through assessment.  Ensuring the delivery of services identified in care plans.  Completing statutory reviews.  Complying with appropriate legislations, policies and procedures. Requirements  You must have a relevant Social Work qualification (BA / MA Social Work / DipSW or equivalent), be professionally registered in the area you wish to work  SSSC for Scotland, CCW for Wales, NISCC for Northern Ireland or HCPC for England; and be eligible to work in the UK. Candidates applying to work in England can hold SSSC, CCW, NISCC or HCPC registration. All applicants must have a minimum of 3 years post qualifying experience within a similar role. Contact  This job is advertised by Andrew Singh, if you are interested in this position please click below to apply now. What you can expect from Sanctuary:  Support from a dedicated consultant with extensive social work experience  Choice of a variety of positions throughout the UK within many specialism's  Excellent rates of pay  Automatic job alerts tailored to your requirements and experience  PAYE or LTD company payments  Excellent Referral Scheme  **** for each successfully placed referral About Sanctuary:  Preferred supplier to **** local authorities and organisations such as the NHS, Cafcass and the NSPCC  Headline sponsor of the highly prestigious 'Social Worker of the Year Awards'  Specialist social work training division 'Sanctuary Training'  We have our own CRB umbrella body, including faster online CRB applications  Double winners of the 2012 national Recruiter Awards for Excellence in the 'Best Public Sector Recruitment Agency' and 'Best Client Service' categories  We are sixtime winners of the Archant Recruitment awards This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Level3QualifiedSocialWorkerAdultsCommunityServices_job****