Title: Account Specialist  HIV Market Access
Webindex: 69266128
Company: Chemistree Solutions Limited
Description: Role: Account Specialist  HIV Package: Negotiable basic salary  ****K, car, pension scheme, private health, bonus. Location : South London Account Specialist  This is a healthcare development type role with responsibility for market access to support product launches within HIV Our client is a researchbased biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops and commercialises innovative medicines in areas of unmet need. Primary areas of focus include HIV/AIDS, liver disease and serious cardiovascular and respiratory conditions. Due to expansion, our client has an exciting opportunity for **** field based Account Specialists to join the UK team to work in close collaboration and partnership with the existing Therapeutic Specialist sales team. This is a dynamic, customerfacing role with a primary focus on promoting the company as a valued partner of the NHS. Post holders will be required to develop and implement access strategies and service development initiatives in line with current health policy initiatives. Initially the role will support the launch of the HIV product pipeline but may also evolve in line with changing NHS dynamics and portfolio requirements. As an Account Specialist you will play a key role in creating the optimal environment for the uptake of brands by removing or minimizing obstacles to product usage. The role will specifically focus on the removal of financial barriers and will complement the marketing activities of the sales teams by releasing funding through market access initiatives in identified target accounts. The main focus of this role will be liaison with clinicians and Payers in the NHS . Specifically, this will involve: Engaging NHS Payers and NHS customers with an interest in public health e.g., Medicines Management, Commissioning etc. with winwin solutions which result in outcomes which benefit the NHS, patients. Developing a partnership plan for each of the top PCOs/CCGs. Developing value propositions and engaging customers on local and national health economy considerations Utilizing budget impact modelling to overcome pricing differentials and barriers The role will also involve sales promotion of product(s) within the company ****;s portfolio. The Person/Experience: Experience of working in a strategic NHS or pharmaceutical/healthcare industry role. Proven track record of sales and business management success. A proven track record in influencing the prescribing decisionmaking process with senior NHS customers in primary and secondary care including payors/payers. Ability to have peer to peer , articulate and financially based conversations. In depth knowledge of chosen therapy area or ability to take on high volumes of new information quickly. Ability to demonstrate key account management and project management skills. In depth understanding of current and future NHS environment and NHS policy at national and local level. Understanding of health economics. The role is accompanied by an excellent package which includes a negotiable basic salary based on experience, pension, healthcare, bonus scheme and company car scheme. You should be of graduate calibre and ideally ABPI qualified. You must live on territory, have a full driving licence and be eligible for employment in the UK. Candidates with experience of medical device sales or NHS procurement will also be considered for this role. Essential: BA or BSc degree. To Apply If you are suitable for this position please attach your CV. Alternatively call Nigel Crabtree on **** **** Chemistree Solutions Ltd is a pharmaceutical and healthcare recruitment specialist. Simplistically the aim of Chemistree is to gain access to the very best candidates and to specifically match their needs to the needs of the client. The primary focus of Chemistree is the challenge of sourcing great talent. We believe that successful recruitment lies at the heart of business success. Keywords Account Manager, Business Manager, Innovative, Ambition, Successful, Leading, Focused, Forward Thinking, Enterprising, Teamwork, Selling Skills, Commercial, Account Management, Healthcare Development Manager, Hospital Specialist, Integrated Healthcare Specialist, NHS Liaison Manager