Title: Pharmaceutical  Analytical Team Leader Jobs in Northern Ireland
Webindex: 72702825
Company: Flame Pharma
Description: Pharmaceutical  Analytical Team Leader Jobs in Northern Ireland Flame Pharma is now working with one of the world s leaders in providing analytical services, drug development and research services. We are recruiting for an Analytical Team Leader for their laboratory in Northern Ireland to lead and motivate a team of analysts. You will improve efficiency within the Analytical Department by challenging existing procedures and introducing smart technology, whilst maintaining regulatory and quality compliance. You will use your excellent people skills for the training and development of your team as well as interacting directly with high profile clients and auditors. You will be responsible for the management and timely completion of multiple projects and being able to prioritise workloads will be essential Key aspects of the Analytical Team Leader opportunity:  Review of analytical data to ensure that it complies with cGMP and local SOPs  Verify that experiments have been conducted according to testing protocol, and identify anomalies  Check data transcriptions and calculations for accuracy  Review technical reports and assist in preparing data summaries for regulatory submission  To perform reviews of analytical data and documentation in the laboratory in preparation for audits Key requirements of the Analytical Team Leader opportunity:  Degree level qualification in Chemistry or related subject  Proven track record with extensive experience in practical Analytical Chemistry.  Must have clearly demonstrated technical excellence.  Experience in supervision of technical staff.  Thorough knowledge and proven track record in cGMP compliance.  Recent, relevant experience in a wide range of analytical techniques, preferably in an industrial environment.  Ability to plan work within changing timeframes, work to deadlines and within a team environment. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Analytical Team Leader Opportunities across the UK and Europe  Contact Flame Pharma free phone on **** **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** or email careersflamepharma.com Flame Health Associates LLP incorporating Flame Pharma operates as an Employment Agency Employment Business Key Words Analytical Team Leader, Analytical Chemist Mass Spectrometry, LCMS, GCMS, Mass Spectrometry, Liquid chromatographymass spectrometry, Gas chromatographymass spectrometry, Analytical Chemist, Analytical Scientist, Analysis, Organic Chemistry, Organic Chemist, HPLC