Title: Youth Development Officer
Webindex: 72600527
Company: Marine Society of Sea Cadets
Description: Marine Society and Sea Cadets (MSSC) is the nation’s largest maritime charity and the governing charity of the Sea Cadet Corps (SCC), a civilian voluntary youth organisation comprising some **** or so volunteer Sea Cadet Units, throughout the UK. The SCC offers a wide range of youth opportunities with the same enduring objective – to foster good citizenship in the community. We are seeking to appoint a Youth Development Officer at our London headquarters. As part of a small team, your primary role will be to support the development of training for over **** cadets and **** adult volunteers. You will provide youth work expertise to that team, advice on Government policies and legislation relating to young people and you will promote good safeguarding practices. You will contribute to the identification of training needs for cadets and adults, the development of programmes aimed at meeting those needs and their subsequent delivery and evaluation. You will have a relevant professional qualification and at least 2 years ’ experience working directly with young people in youth work, education or social work. You must be IT literate and whilst it would be an advantage to have some experience of working within the voluntary sector your most important attributes will be teamwork, energy and enthusiasm. This is an exciting and potentially rewarding role for the right candidate. You will have a real opportunity to promote the development of young people through the delivery of educational programmes, skills training and a wide variety of challenging and enjoyable activities. For our adult volunteers you will help equip them with the necessary skills and knowledge to deliver that experience to cadets. You will spend some of your time working alongside those volunteers so your working schedule will need to be flexible and you must be prepared to work evenings and weekends on occasions. You will also be required to travel to various locations within the UK. The successful candidate will be required to undergo an enhanced CRB check. The cost will be met by the employer.