Title: Hospital Sales Representative  Theatre Sales
Webindex: 67183258
Company: 20 20 Selection Ltd
Description:  BIOSURGERY TERRITORY MANAGER  KEY HOSPITAL ACCOUNTS  EASTERN ENGLAND  Our client, one of the top healthcare companies with a market leading business portfolio, has a vacancy for a Hospital Key Account Manager within one of Specialist Divisions (Biosurgery)covering the East Anglia and Essex territory. In this role you would be fully responsible for producing, implementing and monitoring your regional/territory account plan. You will also develop and implement a tender management process to ensure tenders are won in line with the company s sales objectives. Hence you will be responsible for achievement of sales, profit and patient number targets for the region. This means you key customers will range from Clinical directors, consultant leads, specialist nursing sisters, Procurement Managers Commissioners This is a high profile opportunity providing the successful person with rewarding challenges. To be considered for this position you are likely to have developed the following skills knowledge:  Experience in Medical/Healthcare sales (Customerfacing experience in a sales role)  Theatre experience an advantage but wellresearched people looking to move in to this sales sector will be considered  Experience of Account Management  Knowledge experience of the NHS Procurement and Tendering Process  Excellent Business Planning skills The successful person will be offered an excellent basic in line with experience plus a comprehensive benefit package associated with a bluechip company. An uncapped bonus scheme is also in place so good sales people can earn well If you are interested please send in your CV or contact us on **** **** **** to discuss your application further. ****:**** Selection Ltd promises to treat your application as important and will review your profile against our client s requirements. However, if you have not heard from us within 7 days please assume that on this occasion you have not been successful. Keywords: hospital, sales, representative, medical, pharmaceutical, healthcare, territory, manager. key, account, theatre, surgery, surgical, biosurgery, acute, NHS, South East, East Anglia, Essex, Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge