Title: QSW  Family Support Team  Ashford
Webindex: 66375995
Description: Qualified Social Worker  Family Support Team  Ashford A Children and Families Team in Ashford, Kent is currently seeking a Qualified Social Worker to join their team on a locum basis. Purpose of the Job: Manage a Children Families caseload of higher levels of complexity, involving the assessment, planning, implementation and evaluation of appropriate action, to ensure that resources to safeguard and promote the welfare of children and their families. The postholder should be working in line with the Competency Framework. Raise the standard of professional work within the Team by contributing to training initiatives and inhouse core training courses whilst consolidating a breadth of social work practice. Post holder should be working in line with the competency standards set out in the Competency Assessment Social Worker Career Grade. Main duties and responsibilities: Manage a high and diverse number of cases within the parameters of agreed policies and practices, together with the professional guidance and support from Senior Practitioners to safeguard and promote the welfare of children and meet their individual needs. Work in partnership with the child, parents and carers, Health Service including Acute and Community Trusts and with Primary Care Trusts, Education Authority, District Councils, commercial and private sector and voluntary bodies to identify, evaluate and review care plans to produce positive outcomes for children and their families. Assist the Senior Practitioner and other colleagues in identifying, planning and delivering its core tasks of recruiting, assessment, training and supervision of client carers to a high professional standard. Work in a crosssection of social work teams, through secondments etc., to continually develop and consolidate knowledge base and level of skills and enabling the assignment of more complex caseloads to meet the ever changing needs of the children and their families. Maintain an awareness of changes in child development etc., and related theories, legislation, corporate and directorate policies, local and agency practices, in order to disseminate knowledge and contribute to the delivery of a high standard of service. Attend regular inhouse core training courses, compile a portfolio of evidence supported by experiences in the field to achieve appropriate competency levels within practice level three of the Competency Assessment Social Worker Career Grade. Prepare applications for submission to Family Courts and represent the County Council s Children Families Service as and when required in Court in accordance with the County Council s procedures to safeguard and promote the welfare of children. In liaison with the Senior Practitioner, operate across a variety of Children Families teams to gain a diverse level of knowledge and experience that meets the appropriate practice competency level and a high standard of service delivery. For more information, please contact Dylan at HAYS Social Care on **** **** **** or simply reply to this advert.