Title: School Nurse  Camden Town
Webindex: 68309461
Company: Fawkes & Reece Ltd
Description: School Nurse required for permanent position based in North London. The role of the school nurse is to work independently and as part of a team with the school Doctor, counsellor and school colleagues to support the medical and pastoral care of students. Job Description: The School nurse is responsible for the provision of first aid and medical treatment to girls and school staff throughout the school day He/She is responsible for ensuring that the ordering, safe storage, usage and disposal of medical supplies, vaccines and drugs. The School nurse is responsible for establishing and maintaining medical records for each student and on occasions for staff. He or She is responsible for preparing individual health plans/treatment protocols where appropriate. He/She liaises with staff, parents and external health professionals taking issues of safeguarding and confidentiality into consideration. The school Nurse, with the support of the school is responsible for identifying and arranging any necessary training for their role, also to keep abreast of new developments in school nursing and in conjunction with colleague, reviews and updates school medical policies and protocols as necessary, He/She will provide training and information to staff in the administration of emergency treatments e.g. use of epipens. person specification: Must be RSCN, RNCHILD or RGN with relevant experience, First aid certificate will be required, training can be arranged if required. Excellent communication skills with students, staff and parents demonstrating a sympathetic, supportive and professional approach, an understanding of child protection issues and best practice. The ability to prepare and present information to groups of students, staff and parents, ability to work independently as well as part of a team and computer literate. Experience: A minimum of 3 years post registration experience, School nursing experience would be an advantage or experience in paediatric nursing, adolescent health or A&E. This position is and excellent opportunity with an attractive Salary and great career prospects, if you are interested in the position please send in your CV via email or you can call for a informal discussion on **** **** asking for Craig C