Title: Care Assistant jobs Luton
Webindex: 66425873
Description: About the role You will promote independence, choice, dignity and respect through the hands on care you deliver The personal care you give will include washing, personal hygiene, dressing and feeding, making sure the physical and emotional needs of our residents are met You will have the time to get to know our residents and their families  ensuring we deliver truly personalised care As part of a team, you’ll be responsible for maintaining the highest standards of care, all the time following the personal care plan for each of our residents You will support individual and group based activities in a way that’s caring, kind and respectful. Who we’re looking for Whether or not you have experience or qualifications in care, or even if providing care is new to you, it’s your passion and enthusiasm that we really want to see. So if you’re serious about care, we think you’ll feel right at home here. What’s in it for you? Bupa Care Homes values its people, so you can expect a competitive pay rate and benefits that include: • Free uniforms • Comprehensive induction and ongoing training and development • Competitive staff benefits such as weekly staff offers and discounts • Stakeholder pension and life assurance scheme available. About the home Situated in Leagrave, a residential area of Luton, Capwell Grange has recently been extensively refurbished to enhance the facilities and accommodation for the residents to a particularly high standard. This modern and spacious 120 bedded home consists of five individual houses and is purposebuilt to offer residential, nursing and palliative care. Capwell Grange also offers specialist care for those with dementia and Huntington’s disease and offer care for young physically disabled people. Who we are Bupa Care Homes provides expert nursing, dementia, residential and specialist care to almost **** people in over **** UK homes. Our purpose is to help people live longer, healthier, happier lives. Passionate about making lives better, every decision we make is because we care. It’s why we inspire and support our carers to put our residents’ wellbeing at the heart of everything they do. Choose a career in care.