Title: Home Based Supervising Social Worker
Webindex: 52784719
Description: I am working with an independent fostering agency who are looking for a Supervising Social Worker to join their growing team. This is a full time, permanent position covering the areas of Plymouth and Cornwall. The role is home based so candidates must live in either area or close by. The main duties of this position are: Carrying a case load of Foster Carers and placed in children in Cornwall and Plymouth  To assist in the identification of suitable placements for children referred to the agency.  To participate in the recruitment of foster carers.  To undertake BAAF fostering assessments on prospective carers and to present completed assessments to Panel.  To participate in the training of foster carers as required.  To ensure all foster carers have a training pathway that is monitored and updated as required.  To arrange foster carer review dates with line managers, complete all necessary paperwork and arrange for reviews to be presented at Panel.  Foster carers to be visited on a 2 weekly basis, sessions to be recorded and placed on foster carer/children's files.  To check the content of foster carer logbooks and jointly compile monthly progress reports.  To ensure children's and foster carers files are accurate and up to date  Participate/facilitate support meetings for foster carers.  To attend meetings relating to children in placement, as and when required.  To ensure agreements and children's care plans are adhered to and implemented on behalf of the agency. Applicants must be Social Work qualified and have at least two years post qualifying experience in either local authority or private sector fostering. A driving licence and own transport is essential for travel to carers. For further information on this role or to apply, please call Jo Allcott on **** **** **** or email your CV to j.allcottedenbrown.com Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.