Title: Support Worker  Burnley, Rossendale, Preston, Chorley
Webindex: 72444442
Company: Allied Healthcare
Description: Support Worker, ‘I love being able to help others, no matter how little’ Are you the kind of person who thrives on making others feel valued? Are you a positive and honest person who is good at tuning into other people? Do you care about doing things right. And are you a reliable, hard working person? If this sounds like you and you would like the chance to make a difference to other people’s lives, this could be the job for you. Our customers range from elderly people who need help with personal care through to severely disabled people with very complex care needs. What is common, is how much they come to trust and rely on our great team. To be in this field of work you need to REALLY care. The job is very rewarding as well as demanding at times. In return for your hard work and commitment we offer competitive rates of pay and benefits. We also pride ourselves on being supportive and as caring to our staff as we want them to be to our customers. Following a large contract win Allied are looking for support workers for a reablement service across Lancashire. You do not need experience but you must be able to drive and have your own transport. In the role you will provide support to vulnerable older people and adults with physical and sensory impairment, learning disability and mental health in their own homes. You will work with a focus on social outcomes that include health and emotional wellbeing, improve quality of life, exercising independence, choice and control as well as maintaining dignity. 'They have such a good heart’ Work available now in Burnley, Rossendale, Preston, Chorley and Surrounding areas. Applicants must be able to do early starts and/or late finishes and alternate weekends Please call Monday to Friday between 9am and 5pm. If this appeals to you and you have your own transport we would love to hear from you. All applicants will be required to complete a Criminal Records Bureau Disclosure. Successful applicants will be required to pay **** for their CRB check. Allied Healthcare is an equal opportunities employer and regulated by CQC This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SupportWorkerBurnleyRossendalePrestonChorley_job****