Title: Temporary Support Worker vacancies – Leeds Area
Webindex: 72132182
Company: Affinity Trust   West Yorkshire
Description: Affinity Trust is a national charity which provides highquality, personalised support to over **** adults with learning disabilities and autism. We believe every person with a learning disability has a right to lead an active and fulfilling life and to enjoy greater control and independence. Make a real difference to someone s life Affinity Trust is an empowering, proactive, national organisation that provides support to enable people with learning disabilities to live life to the full. We require enthusiastic, hard working and imaginative individuals to work with people living in their own homes in the Leeds area. We are looking for temporary full time and part time Support Workers to cover maternity leave. Full time staff starting at **** (pro rata for part time) The people we support have moderate learning disability and behaviour that can challenge sometimes we require support staff who: Will support people to look after their homes and daily lives Enjoy supporting people to cook and prepare a variety of food Provide personal care where necessary Are highly motivated to support people with a wide range of indoor and community based activities Will provide a consistent approach to support people and have a good sense of humour NVQ/QCF Level 2 in Health Social Care or equivalent would be an advantage but full training will be provided. Car drivers are required but not essential as travelling for work purpose will be necessary. The support staff will be committed to the values of Affinity Trust and be able to provide support with daily living skills and have the drive to help people become a full members of their local community. NVQ Level 2 in Health Social Care or equivalent would be an advantage but full training will be provided. Car drivers are needed, but not essential. Travelling for work purposes may be required. Affinity Trust is an equal opportunities employer that promotes diversity within its workforce and welcomes applications from all sections of the community, regardless of sexual orientation, race, age, gender, disability, religion or belief. In addition to the salary quoted, Affinity Trust offers comprehensive training, enhanced rates for sleepin duties, mileage allowance for car users and an attractive stakeholder pension package. All applicants will undergo an Enhanced Disclosure Check by the Disclosure Barring Service (Formerly Criminal Records Bureau). The closing date for these posts is Friday **** th February 20****3 and interviews to be held on Friday 1 st March 2013.