Title: Laboratory Manager Chemistry
Webindex: 69011130
Company: Focus Resourcing
Description: Our client, a leading independent quality assurance testing company whose business is solely focused within general consumer products, are looking for a Chemistry Laboratory Manager to work in their Reading Location. With their worldwide network of accredited testing laboratories and inspection and audit offices, our client is the preferred partner for retailers, importers and manufacturers alike. The successful candidate will be a Chemistry graduate with proven management and working experience within a related environment. You will need to be customer focused, flexible, decisive and have extremely strong communication skills. Couple with these traits you will need the required analytical and technical skills needed to manage a business chemistry based laboratory. The key job function for this role would be to manage all functions within their busy and state of the art laboratory, including: Scheduling and coordinating workflow to assure utilisation of Laboratory staff. Training and development of laboratory staff, including carrying out regular staff appraisals. Implementing and managing all quality control procedures within the laboratory. Developing operating, maintenance and test procedures. Evaluating test performance and providing feedback Performing routine maintenance checks on a wide range of lab equipment Identifying laboratory requirements and driving any required improvement Implementing continuous improvement concepts into laboratory Communicating with clients during set up and performance of testing Assist in developing budgets and capital expenditure justifications. The ideal candidate will also possess the majority of the following skills and abilities: Team leadership Understanding of 5S and Lean principles Ability to communicate chemical testing requirements to clients and staff Technical understanding of current industry standards Problem solving Process improvement Project Management skills For the right candidate our client is offering an excellent salary and benefits package, which is: Circa **** basic salary Flexitime working (37 hours per week around core hours) 35% pension (matched contributions) 25 days holiday (plus bank holidays)