Title: Area Manager  Sales
Webindex: 67931514
Company: IHS
Description: We have an outstanding opportunity for an Area Manager to join an established global sales organisation selling into a challenging and exciting surgical theatre environment. They specialise in Laparoscopic and electro surgery products. They have a sales vacancy in the North East of England and Yorkshire as part of their expansion and the role involves promoting their surgical product range into hospital theatres. The company are performing very well in this area and are looking for the successful person to utilise their personality and skill to continue their success in what is a successful element of their business structure. The The successful applicant should have previous medical device sales experience within the theatre environment and be able to demonstrate a strong sales track record of high achievement. My client is looking for applicants to have the necessary drive and application to target new business and posses the business acumen and relationship building attributes to effectively manage the needs of the key customers on the territory. Within this role you will be responsible for being a partner for surgeons and consultants in the theatre environment, providing technical and clinical support to the customers on a day to day basis. People development is high on the list of priorities for my client and they offer a supportive environment for their employees as well as an initial training programme that prepares new starters with the tools required for immediate success from the outset. On offer for the successful candidate is a basic salary of up to **** along with lucrative bonus potential and a full benefits package. My client also offers first class training and supports its employees. To discuss this role and similar opportunities, please call Danny Dorward on **** **** **** or email your CV to DDorwardihsssc.com If you have not heard back within 7 days, please assume your application has been unsuccessful. IHS is a recruitment agency