Title: Junior Product Manager  Healthcare  Leeds
Webindex: 70344041
Company: 20 20 Selection Ltd
Description: EXCITING MARKETING OPPORTUNITY Are you looking to move in to healthcare marketing? Seeking an opportunity where you can contribute to the growth of brands and an organisation? This is a rare opportunity to work in Healthcare Marketing based in the Yorkshire area. This position is working for a global healthcare company, established for over 90 years, and a market leader in sanitising and infection prevention products and services. The company s solutions are developed to provide the best results at the lowest total environmental impact. We are seeking an individual for the role of Junior Product Manager; you will ideally come from a healthcare background although this is not essential. We can also consider people with marketing experience from other sectors or recent graduates from business or marketing courses. Whatever your current background a willingness to learn and contribute to the team is essential. Reporting to the Marketing Manager, you would be involved in all aspects of the marketing mix and work closely with the sales and sales support functions. Additionally you will be involved with key customers through educational programmes. To be successful you will need to:  Be well organisation  Have excellent interpersonal skills  Have god analytical skills  Possess excellent excel, powerpoint and other relevant software skills  Have the ability to work under pressure as well as on your own initiative If you are looking for your next step in your marketing career or are seeking an entry level role then this could be a real chance for you to make your mark in a people and customer focussed organisation. Basic salary will be commensurate with experience. To find out more call us now on **** **** **** or alternatively submit your CV here ****:**** Selection Ltd promises to treat your application as important and will review your profile against our client s requirements. However, if you have not heard from us within 7 days please assume that on this occasion you have not been successful. Keywords: Marketing, Marketeer, Product, Manager, Junior, Pharma, Healthcare, Sanitary cleansing, Devices, Disposable, Control of infection, Graduate, Industry, North East, Yorkshire, West Yorkshire, Leeds, York, Harrogate, Bradford, Halifax, Huddersfield.