Title: Global Team Lead, Statistical Programming
Webindex: 69689568
Company: Popscience Limited
Description: You will have an ability to function as a project lead programmer or a trial programmer for complex, technical pharma projects. You will support the trial and project teams working closely with the respective lead statisticians. You will also supervise CRO s providing support on a trial level. Provide input into the programming requirements of the medical quality review plan and the statistical analysis plan. Attend relevant meetings, and liaise with management to update them on process issues resource shortfall, and changes in timelines. Prepare analyses, datasets and documentation to provide programming support for worldwide regulatory submissions. You will be required to have an up to date working knowledge of CDISC standards, and it is expected that you will undertake research in order to be able to implement these standards within project teams. Review statistical analysis plan and shell mockups to ensure they are consistent with company guidelines and SOP s. Coauthor the analysis dataset specifications with the statistical lead. Transform specifications in the project trial and statistical analysis plans for the clinical trial report. Maintain libraries of validated programs, macros, and procedures for reuse to improve the efficiency of the programming department. Develop programming strategy defining key decisions and timelines, implementing project programs where possible. You should have an ability to lead international working groups representing the programming function. You should have a practical, applied understanding of the full scope of SAS programming activities in clinical trials. You should have an applied understanding of statistical concepts in support of clinical trial analysis. You should have a knowledge of database structures and setup and an understanding of basic medical terminology. This is a senior managerial role, and it is expected that you will be highly organised, and an effective problem solver with an ability to balance your time across a range of assignments. You should be an effective verbal and written communicator, with an ability to liaise with a variety of stakeholders. You will have an ability to interpret data, and use this to influence project teams. The nature of the industry also requires that your approach is precise and detail oriented. The client has requested no remote working; they are looking for you to be based in their office in the west of London