Title: Nurse Manager  Huddersfield
Webindex: 68306809
Company: JP Recruitment Ltd
Description: Fantastic opportunity to join the UK’s leading private healthcare organisation. Our client, a wellestablished, multispeciality, 24bed private hospital in the West Yorkshire area, is urgently seeking a commerciallyastute, experienced Clinical Nurse Manager to head up and further develop its busy Ward, Outpatient Department and PreAssessment Team. The ideal candidate should have the following skills and experience: Excellent people management skills, be of strong character and with the ability to engender change Exceptional clinical leadership skills, be handson, leading by example Excellent mentoring, training and development skills with proven ability to assess and enhance nurse team’s clinical competencies Strong performance management skills – be prepared to make difficult decisions as and when necessary Recent surgical experience in supervisory/clinical management role Be prepared to work occasional shifts on an ad hoc basis Working as an integral member of a forwardthinking and qualitydriven management team, the post holder will be responsible for the Ward, Outpatients Department and the Pre Assessment Team, encouraging at all times a strong focus on the provision of outstanding patient care within a dynamic environment offering only the very highest clinical standards. Key to this role will be the ability of the post holder to take a lead in clinical governance and develop new and existing services, implementing change where applicable/necessary. Applicants should be experienced Nurses with excellent communication skills, a sound clinical background and proven supervisory/management experience, preferably gained from within the private sector. Experience across a wide range of specialities is essential, as are firstclass motivational and performance management skills. A competitive annual salary (********k p.a. negotiable), excellent benefits package (including pension, private healthcare and free parking) and pleasant, friendly working environment all await the successful applicant. For further details, please contact Zoe at JP Recruit on **** **** Alternatively, to apply online, please click on the link. PLEASE NOTE: ONLY UK RESIDENTS WITH CURRENT ELIGIBILITY TO WORK IN THE UK NEED APPLY.