Title: Quality Compliance OfficerGermanyPharmaceutical
Webindex: 72448883
Company: Paramount Recruitment Pharmaceutical
Description: Quality Compliance Officer  Germany  Pharmaceutical An Internationally renowned Pharmaceutical Company have an exceptional opportunity for an experienced Quality professional to join their hugely successful team as a Quality Assurance Officer based in Ingelheim, Germany (Deutschland) in Central Europe on a permanent basis. This rapidly expanding and highly reputable Company are currently looking to recruit a medically qualified Drug Safety Professional to make a vital contribution to their Company. This Company work on the most up to date innovative new products and specialises on providing high quality medicines for a variety of major life threatening disease. They conduct innovative research, development and distribution. As the Quality Compliance Officer you will have the following responsibilities: Key Responsibilities: ? Realization of regular checks, aggregate analysis and classification of the results, respective documentation and tracking ? Coordination and conduct of preventive corrective actions ? Execution of source data verifications and quality compliance checks of processed adverse events ? Compliance tracking of PBRERs and DSURs submissions to health authorities ? Preparation of the PV Quality Management Report ? Assistance in the preparation, coordination and follow up of health authority inspections and audits The role will require you to have obtained a degree or masters in life sciences or business along with direct experience in Quality Assurance (QA) and Pharmacovigilance / Drug Safety in the Pharmaceutical Industry. You should have experience in Quality management. You should be a good team player, proactive, methodical and have great communication skills. You must be fluent in English both spoken and written. This is a truly outstanding opportunity to work on innovative projects with an exceptional Pharmaceutical Company who are offering a highly competitive salary along with a generous benefits package which includes; relocation assistance (home travel and rented apartment for the first 6 months, removal and brokers commission), German language lessons, fitness centre, canteen, health centre, talent management, individual career and development plan, possibility of working abroad, flexible working hours, internal and external training and 30 days paid holiday. For further information on this role or company as well as other job opportunities, please contact myself, Sara Cork at Paramount Recruitment on **** **** ****ey Words Pharmacovigilance, Quality assurance, QA, compliance, Regulatory, Drug Safety, Epidemiology, Pharmaceutical, Consultancy, Clinical, DSUR, Ingelheim, Germany, Deutschland, Europe Paramount Recruitment Limited provides services as an agency and an employment business. We regularly have similar roles in this area. Please see our website for details or send your CV in to us to find out the latest opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QualityComplianceOfficerGermanyPharmaceutical_job****