Title: Interim Regional Manager Nursing and Residential Homes
Webindex: 64573283
Description: We are currently recruiting for an Interim Regional Manager role, for a Nursing Home, Residential Home and Day Services Provider. This will initially be on a 6 month contract however there is a possibility that this role could become permanent. You will need to be a qualified nurse, either RGN or RMN and ideally live in the West Midlands area. The Role You will be responsible for the regional Management of a number of nursign homes and day servicesin the Londfon region. You will be based from home but will be required to travel between the services you are responsible, and sometimes to other services/offices. The area encompasses Woking, Haslemere, Hampshire, Sutton, Wallington. Key Responsibilities;  Ensure that all services deliver excellence in the care of residents and clients as indicated by good clinical governance, reputation and impressive operating standards and that for Care Homes all the requirements of CQC are being adhered to.  Ensuring policies, procedures and adequate staffing levels are in place to comply with current best practice Carry out annual quality checks on Care Homes, ensuring care and operating standards are being enforced and residents', clients' and staff's interests are fully understood  Ensure services are all operating within budgeted costs and budgeted occupancy rates.  Engender a culture of supportive leadership within the Region, characterised by a desire among employees to identify with the aims and values of the Charity, thereby maximising staff retention and minimising absence levels.  Ensure that all services comply with Health and Safety policies and procedures and employees undergo their statutory training. The Person You will need to be a qualified nurse either RN, RGN or RMN and have experience in a similar role of multisite management. You need to have up to date knowledge of CQC regulations Experience of strategic planning,excellent organisational skills and the ability to prioritise and meet deadlines. Interested? Click Apply or send your CV to laura.skippcoburgbanks.co.uk and I'll consider you for the first round of interviews. For more information please call me on **** **** Please do not apply if you are not a Qualified nurse with current PIN, as I can't consider you.