Title: Care Coordinator Croydon
Webindex: 50255314
Description: Job Description:  Branch Coordinator Reporting to : Branch Manager Purpose of Job To implement a high quality service through the effective matching of service user needs with suitably qualified and experienced care workers. To facilitate effective communication between the Organisation, service users, care workers and outside Agencies. PERSON SPECIFICATION Essential Attributes Understanding of legislation relating to community care. Recognise problems and formulate solutions. Ability to communicate both verbally and in writing. Good level of numeracy and basic IT skills and experience with rostering systems. Assessment and gathering information skills. Organisational skills including scheduling work effectively, supervising staff and providing professional support. Capable of accepting responsibility and coping with emergencies. Positive attitude to own health and work attendance record. Ability to implement and review care plans and work with complex cases. Preferred Qualifications and Experience Education to GCSE 5 subjects or higher GNVQ/NVQ level 3 in Social Care or higher At least 12 months experience in care supervision or relevant role Previous experience as a care worker preferred Good knowledge of local area and travel routes Key Responsibilities To identify a Care worker with appropriate knowledge, skills and attitude to match the needs of the service user To follow up the initial contact between the care worker and service user to evaluate the Care Plan and ongoing needs. To undertake telephone risk assessments, monitoring of service user’s satisfaction and care worker performance. Liase with appropriate professionals and the Organisation’s management as required. To maintain accurate written and computerised record keeping. To check and authorise timesheets. To participate in an oncall rota ensuring 24hour cover if required. To carry out any other task reasonably requested by the Branch Manager Standards and Targets To achieve matching of Care worker to Service User Arrange risk assessments within 24 hours of receiving a commissioning form. Risk assessments must be in place before implementing a care package. Service user plans of care should be completed within 3 working days of the commencement of the package. Evaluate the care package within 24 hours of the commencement of the service and report to the Social Worker if changes are required. To provide 100% accurate information for inputting onto computer system, and to initiate corresponding paper based records. To ensure that changes of information are made promptly throughout the system. It is the responsibility of the Care coordinator to support the Branch Manager, and other members of the staff team to : To carry out all aspects of the process in the of delivery of the care service according to the following guidelines. To Implement the Company’s policies & procedures, guidelines and regulations and to operate within the existing structured framework Carry out daytoday operational branch activities including, but not limited to, the following according to the instructions of the Branch Manager or the Head Office Management. Carry out duties in accordance with the Company’s Customer Care Policy. Ensure full compliance with the National Care Standards and local CQC requirements Make every effort to ensure continuity and growth of the care services to ensure that care workers have sufficient work and that we can meet the demand of our customers. DAY TO DAY Take service referrals using the official booking/ referral forms DC**** Enter all referrals as Enquiries onto the rostering system within 2 hours Ensure that you gather as much information as possible relating to the service user and their needs Enter data onto computerised care management system Fax Service Confirmation forms to Social Services for signature to back up verbal requests for services. Prepare service quotations for private service users. Carry out Initial Service User Risk / Needs Assessments and subsequent reviews and monitoring visits. Complete all the data for the RED Service User book with copy information for the office records, paying particular attention to medication and Health & Safety issues such as hazards. Record all hazards such as unsafe electrical equipment etc and notify the branch manager or Health & Safety officer if there is any risk to the carer. Ensure that Rostering data is entered accurately onto the computer system and amended immediately to account for any changes in care provision. Ensure that work scheduling is done in a fair and equitable manner. Ensure that all care workers have a reasonable amount to meet their basic requirements and that care workers are not overloaded. There must be no “clashes” on the rostering system. SUPERVISING AND MONITORING CARE WORKERS Meet with the care workers for whom you have responsibility in accordance with company policy to review their service users and ensure they are maintaining standards. Deputise for other care supervisors when necessary. Maintain a welcoming and friendly attitude to care workers at all times even if the attitude is not always reciprocated. Record any changes in the Client File and/or the care system notes. Develop a friendly and close working relationship with care workers by having regular brief reviews and recording issues on the care worker’s file. Record any client related issues on rostering system and/or client files. Ensure care workers attend obligatory training. Familiarise yourself with all company policies and procedures and updates and ensuring that care workers are properly briefed. Ensure care workers comply with the company guidelines on appropriate dress, jewellery, nails and personal hygiene. Monitor care workers through spot checks at the service user premises every 6 months to ensure that they are doing their work properly and following safety and hygiene procedures. Ensure care workers are working in accordance with the operational requirements in the Care Worker’s Handbook. Match care workers’ skills and experience to the requirements and needs of the service users. Carry out Service User Monitoring and Review Visits according to priority as instructed by the Manager. Complete the Monitoring Visit Reports properly and return them to the Branch Manager for QM. Maintain a positive, friendly, “cando” attitude at all times when dealing with service users, next of kin, care workers and social services contacts and potential customers Ensure care workers are properly briefed on Service Users and show them the Service Plan before they start work.  Be prepared to carry out emergency last resort cover for care workers if and when required . LOCAL AUTHORITY LIAISON Encourage a positive working partnership with both health & social care services and the private sector Liaise with local authority social services and health care professionals as and when required or attend joint review meetings with service users, their families and social services representatives. Assess availability of care workers’ time and ensure that social services are aware of the branch care worker availability. OTHER TASKS Work as part of a coordinated team and carry out all duties as required by the management to ensure the smooth running of the branch and the company. Care supervisors must be “multitasking” so that they are able to take over any of the essential functions of the Branch including administration e.g. Timesheets, Care Plans, Schedule Changes, Assessments. Handle oncall activities as scheduled by the Branch Manager on a rota basis. Carry out any other tasks as and when required by the Branch Manager or Head Office. Deputise for other members of the team as and when required. This job description may be changed or modified at any time in accordance with the requirements of clients, customers or the CQC