Title: Occupational therapist  Cumbria
Webindex: 68561043
Company: The Placement Group
Description: Occupational therapist Job  Cumbria Community Mental Health OT Band 6 Salary ****k****k DOE Start ASAP Based in Cumbria the company are currently recruiting for a community OT to work with challenging clients and help them integrate back into the community. The company care package includes psychological support nursing, and occupational therapy within a framework of bespoke risk management strategies directed by the NHS. The company offers highly individualised and tailored care packages for service users who do not need the physical security of an inpatient facility but do require support caring for themselves in the community. The company provides rehabilitation in the individual's home destination thus eliminating the stress of moving. Client users will be referred from a range of inpatient facilities, thus freeing beds in line with government targets. PCTs and Clinical Professionals trust the company to Provide Intensive Community Rehabilitation for patients being discharged from Psychiatric Hospitals into the community. Job purpose  As the community OT you will be responsible for a caseload of challenging and complex cases, ranging from personality disorders to schizophrenic clients. You will be working with clients and helping them to fully integrate into their local community, thus enhancing and teaching life skills so they are able to manage their homes and lives. To be considered for the post you must proven experience working in a community setting with complex challenging cases. Have a strong work ethic and report writing skills, be currently registered with HPC. You must have a driving licence and be flexible to travel throughout Cumbria to cover your area. In return you will be offered a competitive salary, company car, laptop, mobile phone and other standard company benefits. If you would like to apply for the post please send your CV to or for more info call