Title: Occupational Therapist  Older Peoples Community Team
Webindex: 71428732
Company: Working for Essex
Description: Occupational Therapist  Older Peoples Community Team Colchester/Tendring **** PAYE / **** LTD per hour 35 hours per week 3 Month Temporary Rolling Contract An experienced Occupational Therapist is required immediately to work in the busy Hospital Assessment Team based in Southend. Full HCPC registration is required. The Role To ensure the delivery of high quality services in response to assessed need. Emphasis will be on measurable outcomes within the principle of Social Inclusion and consistency of approach. Job Purpose To work in collaboration with commissioners to ensure that services are flexible and responsive to the needs of adults with a physical and/or sensory impairment and are developed in accordance with the strategic aims and objectives of the service. To work with the Hospital Assessment Team to meet the changing needs of both service users and carers. Please apply now to be considered. Essex County Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and vulnerable adults, and expects all employees and volunteers to share this commitment. Our aim is to be an equal opportunities employer. We welcome applications, regardless of race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origins, sex, disability, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity, age or religion or belief. All applications will be considered solely on merit. Please note this role may be filled prior to the closing date. Working for Essex welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Working for Essex is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OccupationalTherapistOlderPeoplesCommunityTeam_job****