Title: HEAD OF CARE (RGN/RMN)  Poole
Webindex: 68731827
Company: Team 24 Ltd
Description: A qualified nurse manager is required for this Head of Care position. Based in the Poole area (Dorset) with a leading nursing home provider, this is an excellent opportunity for the right healthcare professional. Ideally the role requires a dual qualified RGN/RMN, however suitably experienced General Nurses and / or Mental Health Nurses will be considered. Key role responsibilities are: to ensure the highest standard of care and service is delivered to the residents whilst maintaining independence and choice. Take the clinical lead responsibility, manage the dementia care suite and deputise for the Manager in their absence. Day to day running of the home ensuring that the care and service meets both the needs of the residents and legislative requirements. Key requirements for applicants include: relevant management experience in a similar environment with a management qualification, care of the elderly experience; a qualified RGN, RMN (ideally duel qualified) with current NMC registration. You will be an effective communicator, strong leader and organiser, able to function autonomously and using own initiative; professional and supportive to staff. To apply for this excellent position, please send on a full and up to date CV, specifying qualifications, skills and work experience. About us: Team24 is a healthcare recruitment specialist which provides healthcare workers for a wide range of permanent and temporary placements, from doctors to specialist nurses across the NHS and private sectors. We pride ourselves on providing an exceptional quality of service to all in the healthcare sector, including the NHS, GP Surgeries, Mental Health Institutions, Prisons, Charities, Community Nursing, Nursing Homes, Residential Homes and the Military. We supply Nurses, Care workers, GP’s, Consultants and Homecare, on a 24 hour basis depending on when you need work. We can do this on a Temporary, Fixed Term Contract or Permanent Basis, what ever you need, when ever you need it. We work throughout the UK, supporting clients when they need us and working in partnership with them to ensure that we supply the right member of staff for their needs. As a company we are growing on a weekly basis and have numerous opportunities available in various trusts and private organisations throughout the UK, if this role isn’t what you are looking for why not send you details to our recruitment team via email recruitersteam24.co.uk or visit our website at www.team24.co.uk Thank you for your interest. Team24 is an Equal Opportunity Employer.