Title: Head of Care  Winchester
Webindex: 68309648
Company: Company Fusion
Description: The Company  Our Client: Our Client provides specialist support and care services in the south of the UK. They have residential and nursing homes in Dorset, Hampshire and Wiltshire supporting people with a variety of dementia and Palliative care needs. They are looking for an experienced Head of care to work closely with the Home Manager within their Nursing home in Winchester, Hampshire. The Role  Main Duties and Responsibilities: •Ensure the needs of each resident are assessed and they receive the highest standard of care and service appropriate to those identified needs. •Oversee and assist in all aspects of nursing care and activities for the residents, where necessary making decisions related to the care provided to residents, enabling quality of life through effective care, service and activity. •Ensure the running of the care home is in accordance with our clients policies and procedures. •Ensure each resident has an up to date and agreed care plan, involving the residents and relative where possible, which details the interventions required to meet those needs; evaluating and reviewing the care plans in line with the policies and procedures. •Ensure that the day to day running of the care aspects of the home are in accordance with management policies, quality systems and demonstrate compliance with the statutory requirements, the Care Standards Act (****) and the Care home Regulations (****). •Establish good personal relationships with residents and their families. •Develop and maintain links with doctors, health visitors, social workers, local hospitals and other community workers, promoting excellent communication with all internal and external parties. The Person  Skills, Knowledge, Qualifications and Experience: •Maintain NMC registration (if applicable) •Registered Nurse  RMN/RGN •Relevant management qualification •Care of the elderly experience •Demonstrate working knowledge of care standards The Package : What You Could Earn: •Basic salary between **** •Holiday 5 weeks plus bank holidays •Pension scheme after successful probation •Bonuses based on KPIs