Title: Senior Med Info Officer
Webindex: 72702868
Company: Key People Limited
Description: Our global Pharmaceutical client is looking for a Medical Information Officer to join their team on a permanent basis. The ideal candidate must have strong experience of handling enquiries and at least **** months experience of Copy Approval. OVERALL JOB PURPOSE: Reporting to the Medical Information Manager you will be responsible for providing support to the Medical Department. This includes all aspects of Medical Affairs and Medical Information. Main Responsibilities: To support the administrative functions of Medical Information and Medical Affairs. Will require direct contact with both internal and external customers. Support for Medical Information and Medical Affairs on organising, filing, tracking, scanning and archiving of copy approval marketing material relating to the medicines marketed our client as and when required. Process and reply to communications from and to other departments. To answer medical/technical enquiries from healthcare professionals, internal customers and consumers of products. Assisting in the maintenance of departmental databases and standard responses. Handle reports of adverse events in accordance with company policies. Understand and manage the customer expectations in providing information within agreed deadlines Ensure that information provided conforms to the ABPI Code of Practice. Review material according to SOP s, company standards and expectations, and requirements of the ABPI Code of Practice KNOWLEDGE, SKILL AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: 2 year experience of Medical Information / Medical Affairs 12 months minimum experience of Copy Approval processes Life science degree qualification Experience of answering medical information enquiries. Relevant experience in a related environment like health, science, NHS or clinical trials would be a distinct advantage. Office management processes MS Office Logical, methodical and structured approach Effective time management and excellent timekeeping when working unsupervised Ability to prioritise Good/Excellent computer skills Good telephone manner