Title: Change Programme Manager  Retail/Contact Centre/Project Delivery
Webindex: 69011408
Company: Dental Talent Tree
Description: Job Title: Change Programme Manager Job Purpose To manage the business change transformation programme to successful implementation. Provide project resource, planning and advice to Workstream Leaders to enable them to secure the delivery of the programme outcomes and benefits. To lead change management activity across the business and manage the activities of the Programme Management Office (PMO) team in delivering the transformation programme. Key Roles & Responsibilities Managing the interface between work streams, work stream Leaders, operations and Senior Managers, to secure the delivery of programme outcomes and realisation of benefits whilst maintaining BAU. Programme governance: To ensure that agreed Ways of Working (for managing Projects and Change) are consistently applied to assure successful outcomes. To set the agenda for and chair fortnightly WS leads meeting and be responsible for production of the programme reports Manage programme communications across the business Stakeholder Management : Communicating with Senior Managers and the Board to keep them up to date with progress, issues and developments in change Programmes, providing appropriate briefing to enable them to make informed decisions about the approach and direction of programmes. Managing benefits : Supporting both Board Sponsor and Work stream Lead in the definition of benefits and development of a Benefits Management plan. Management and leadership of Programme Office team. Managing PMO resource across the programme and workstreams. Leadership of ad hoc change management activity across the business. Assessing management information and change plans, identifying risks and issues and briefing senior managers on major implications for programmes. To facilitate the design and implementation of the overall Transformation Programme Supervisory Responsibilities The post holder will have supervisory management of a **** project managers and a business analyst and ad resource when required. Supervision Received The post holder will report directly to the Head of Central Operations and Change