Title: Roving Occupational Health Nurse (part time)  Birmingham
Webindex: 72186855
Company: Team 24 Ltd
Description: My client is a leading provider of occupational health services. A major private organisation, developing through organic growth and success over the past decade. A roving Occupational Health Nurse is required based from Birmingham with use of a mobile medical unit. The role will include health surveillance, lifestyle checks, HAVS assessments and blood lead testing. The role is part time to three days a week. You will need to be willing to work at sites across the area, with occasional overnight stays as required. A valid UK driving licence is required, also the willingness to drive the mobile unit (Mercedes Sprinter van size). You will be an experienced general nurse, ideally with a further OH qualification or working towards. You would have strong selforganisational and selfmanagement skills. The role presents a superb opportunity to join a UK leader in Occupational Health service provision; therefore the future training and career development options are very attractive. To apply, please contact Ross Taylor on **** **** **** and email a CV to rossteam24.co.uk About us: Team24 is a healthcare recruitment specialist which provides healthcare workers for a wide range of temporary placements, from doctors to specialist nurses across the NHS and private sectors. We pride ourselves on providing an exceptional quality of service to all in the healthcare sector, including the NHS, GP Surgeries, Mental Health Institutions, Prisons, Charities, Community Nursing, Nursing Homes, Residential Homes and the Military. We supply Nurses, Care workers, GP’s, Consultants and Homecare, on a 24 hour basis depending on when you need work. We can do this on a Temporary, Fixed Term Contract or Permanent Basis, what ever you need, when ever you need it. We work throughout the UK, supporting clients when they need us and working in partnership with them to ensure that we supply the right member of staff for their needs. As a company we are growing on a weekly basis and have numerous opportunities available in various trusts and private organisations throughout the UK, if this role isn’t what you are looking for why not send you details to our recruitment team via email recruitersteam24.co.uk or visit our website at www.team24.co.uk Thank you for your interest. Team24 is an Equal Opportunity Employer