Title: Head of Dementia Care Service
Webindex: 71409490
Company: Health & Social Care Jobs Ltd
Description: Head of Dementia Care Service Chorley, Lancashire **** to **** per annum Are you a Dementia Specialist? Within multisite management experience? Are you passionate about changing the face of Dementia Care? Health and Social Care Jobs are looking for a very special and experienced Head of Dementia Care for our client`s award winning service in Chorley, Lancashire. Our client provides Domiciliary Care, Residential and Nursing homes and Retirement villages throughout the North of England. Our clients service in Chorley comprises of a specialist Nursing and dementia care home, independent and supported living apartments and day care services which sets the benchmark for retirement living. They strive for new and innovate ways to ensure that Dementia care and support is delivered to the highest level ensuring that each individuals needs are met. Our client has sought advice and support from renowned specialists in dementia friendly design helping to ensure that their dementia service is of the highest standard and where possible medication free. The Head of Dementia Care for this service will hold overall responsibility for the development, management and continued growth of the Nursing and Residential home ensuring that the highest standards are maintained, you will look for new innovative ways to ensure that our service continues to develop and evolve, you will build links within our group but also externally to ensure we keep fully abreast of new techniques and methods within Dementia care and ensure that staff training fully explores these new techniques. You will coach and mentor our Management and nursing teams to encourage them to speak freely and air their ideas for innovation. We will look for our Head of Dementia Care to showcase our service to healthcare professionals throughout the area highlighting our premier service. You will work alongside our board members and senior management team to implement budgets and the overall management of the village`s financial performance. There is the opportunity to open new services in the future and you could be pivotal in that process. The ideal candidate for this role will be able to demonstrate proven background of a large clinical staff team including nurses, within differing care services ideally comprising of Elderly Dementia, Nursing, Residential and Supported living services. You will be passionate about the delivery of only the highest level of care and support. You will be comfortable networking building positive external relationships and experienced in financial management. You will be able to demonstrate and showcase how you have implemented new and innovative methods in the support of people with Dementia. If you are excited by this opportunity and would like to learn more then we welcome your application by email with a brief cover note to paulhealthsocialcarejobs.co.uk or please click ?Apply` Health Social Care Jobs act as a Recruitment Agency on behalf of our candidates and clients, we specialise in permanent recruitment nationally throughout the Health and Social care sectors. We are experts in Domiciliary care, Elderly, Learning Disabilities, and Social Housing recruitment and have over 10 years` experience in the Sector, please visit our website www.healthsocialcarejobs.co.uk and view our testimonials to find out how we differ from other Recruitment Agencies and can help you with your recruitment needs This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadofDementiaCareService_job****