Title: Business Development Marketing Manager (Pharmaceuticals)
Webindex: 71963770
Company: SRG
Description: Business Development Marketing Manager (Pharmaceuticals)  London c****  Bonus  Excellent Benefits Are you an experienced Pharmaceutical professional with a flair for building relationships? Would you like to work in a key commercial role for a growing Pharmaceutical Company? Reporting to the Head of Business Operations, you will look to develop long term relationships with clients, seek out new potential areas of business, and promote the company in the marketplace. Youll act as a key commercial face of the business and maintain its reputation for excellent science, customer Service and quality assurance standards. Responsibilities will include;  Develop and maintain a reasoned strategy for the continual growth of the company and maintenance of existing client base.  Develop and maintain the Companys marketing strategy.  Provide a contact point for enquiries and to follow up new business opportunities.  Establish and maintain working relationships with clients, potential clients and colleagues.  Communicate new developments to clients and prospective clients.  Visit clients  probably one day a week, but with the drive to expand this aspect of the role.  Handle customer complaint investigation, management and analysis To be considered for this role, it is expected youll have the following skills and experience;  Scientific background preferably with good knowledge of analytical chemistry and quality systems (including audit processes).  Experience of the pharmaceutical industry together with an understanding of how outsourcing to Contract Laboratories works.  Experience in a commercial role, ideally within Business Development, experice of marketing would be an advantage.  Knowledge of GMP/GLP and the roles of the MHRA, FDA etc  Strong communication skills in all forms including, written, oral, email, telephone, presentation and networking in general.  A positive attitude to dealing with people. Ability to listen and to establish good personal connections. High sense of personal responsibility. Committed and proactive. Quick thinking and adaptable.  Good organisational and time management skills. Ability to cope with competing demands and to prioritise tasks  Capable of hands on problemsolving, with ability to generate ideas and solutions Please apply online or call Neil Walton on **** **** **** The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove they are legally entitled to work in the UK. SRG is a trading name of Science Recruitment Group Ltd an Employment Business/Agency. SRG, winners of the Recruitment Professional Awards 2011 Best Company to work for and Best People Development Business awards, and the only highly commended company in the Annual Recruiter Awards for Excellence 2011, for Best Small Recruitment Agency to Work For .