Title: Excellent Formulation Development Supervisor
Webindex: 69010426
Company: Quality Start
Description: Excellent GLP Formulation Development Chemist Supervisor Opportunity Lichfield Opportunity: This is an excellent opportunity for a research and product development chemist who is currently a supervisor or team leader to join a leading scientific organisation based in Lichfield. The role of Formulation Development Chemist Supervisor will involve developing and leading new product development from conception to completion as well as existing products ensuring that recipes and formulation procedures are documented at all stages from conception to completion as well as documentation of working formulations are in place. Duties and responsibilities include: Quality assurance and quality control. Develop and validate pilot plant batches. Scale up and transfer of methods. Documentation. Project management. Provide technical support where necessary. Working to relevant quality standards such GMP, GLP and ISO 9001. Supervise and lead a small team. There are great benefits to the role and salary is ****  **** per annum. You do not want to miss out on this opportunity Skills: To apply for the role Formulation Development Chemist Supervisor you will have hands on experience of quality control / formulation development ideally with new products including liquids, creams or powders either within the pharmaceutical, food or related industry. You will ideally come from a GLP and GMP manufacturing background and have experience of leading and supervising a team. You will come from a strong chemistry background. How to Apply: If this sounds like the role for you or a colleague then please don t hesitate to contact us. Quality Start will offer **** to anyone who successfully recommends a candidate who is subsequently employed by our client. To apply for this one of opportunity, please send your CV to me now or call (Apply online only) for a confidential chat. For a list of our current vacancies, please visit our website. If you do not hear from Quality Start within 2 weeks your CV has not been short listed for this role. Quality Start are acting as a specialist recruitment consultancy for this role