Title: UNIT MANAGER  EMI
Webindex: 71556960
Company: Wizard Recruitment
Description: POSITION: UNIT MANAGER  10 bedded nursing unit and **** bedded intermediate care unit. As a Unit Manager  Registered Nurse (RN) what do you need to do to make this happen?  Ensure the delivery of quality care by continually assessing our residents needs and wishes  Develop, review and update care plans to meet our clients changing physical, social and psychological needs.  Communicate professionally and warmly with visitors including family, friends and other external stakeholders.  Comply with all legal, regulatory and best practice guidelines.  Ensure medicines are appropriately received, stored and administered to our clients.  Promote high standards of nursing care for you and your team, by ensuring all staff are supervised appropriately and the shift runs in a smooth efficient manner.  Ensure that the team s skill and knowledge levels are able to meet the changing needs of the business. In order to achieve this our Unit Managers should have: A strong passion and commitment to enhance the specialist services we deliver. A positive and flexible attitude and wholly adopt a person centred ethos, exhibiting empathy and a desire to make a difference. Be forward thinking and up to date with current practices and have a desire to maintain excellent industry knowledge. Show leadership qualities and be willing to take ownership for the delivery of quality care. Our nurses must hold a current registration with the Nursing and Midwifery Council (NMC) and have a legal right to work in the UK. Our nurses are critical to the continued success of the business, working across all aspects of care; the role gives great opportunities to broaden your skill and knowledge base with exciting opportunities to progress into management. We provide a variety of competitive benefits, including a generous holiday allowance, contributory pension scheme, a bespoke development programme and an employee discount scheme. Plus free parking and uniform where applicable. EXPERIENCE REQUIRED IN CARE OF THE ELDERLY, AUDITING, LEADING STAFF, WORKING WITH PCT. THIS ROLE HAS 20 HOURS SUPERNUMERARY TIME IN THE **** HOUR CONTRACT. If you have the skills to succeed in this role and are committed to the provision of quality care please click on Apply now