Title: Secure Unit Nurse Job Shrewsbury
Webindex: 46626938
Description: Secure Unit Nurse Job Shrewsbury We are recruiting for **** x substance misuse Nurses on behalf of this large secure healthcare provider in the Shrewsbury area. You will be able to demonstrate your previous experience in drug and alcohol dependency. As directed by the IDTS Manager and with clinical direction from the IDTS Senior Nurse, the post holder will contribute to a nurse led prescribing service offering access to assessment/care planning and a range of clinical interventions to prisoners referred as part of the IDTS initiative. Key Activities: • Engaging with prisoners who have substance misuse problems and providing them with advice, assessment and clinical interventions to address their drug issues and work alongside the designated Doctor to offer substitute prescribing regimes to improve health & social functioning. • Providing sound evidencebased clinical practice to facilitate effective treatment decisions. • Initiate patients safely on to a treatment regime and ensure that procedures are constantly reviewed to promote best evidenced based practice in accordance with UK Guidelines on Clinical Management and clinical protocols and procedures. • To contribute to the smooth transition of service user’s clinical needs (including prescribing) into community drug treatment systems on release. • Receive regular clinical supervision provided by the IDTS Senior Nurse and maintain a current knowledge of appropriate interventions with regard to substance misusing offenders. • To carry out comprehensive assessments and to contribute to the development of care plans and referrals to psychosocial interventions, DIP and other supporting agencies in the community. • Develop and review care plans, provide health education especially in regard to harm minimization, blood borne viruses and overdose prevention. • To ensure that all data monitoring requirements in relation to clients are met within deadlines • Refer and Liaise with other departments involved with the prisoner’s broader care plan including CARAT’s, Healthcare and Offender Management. All applicants must hold • General nursing qualification at Band 5 or above. • You will have a good Knowledge of the issues facing substance misusers including appropriate medical interventions, social care, welfare benefits, health and emergency accommodation. • Sound and demonstrable knowledge of clinical prescribing issues. Driving is not necessary as this unit is very close to public transport. Qualification(s) in substance misuse and/or relevant experience is not necessary, but desirable. This post is subject to a Criminal Records Bureau check at an enhanced level and security clearance.