Title: Project Manager Medical Affairs  Buckinghamshire
Webindex: 68824750
Company: Evolve Selection Limited
Description: Our client is a world leading pharmaceutical company with an excellent track record working within the medical market. Our client currently has a very exciting opportunity working as a Project Manager. The Role All tasks of a project including full profit and loss management; ensuring that realistic estimates of costs; timescales and resource requirements are agreed. Establishing and maintaining correct structures to control and monitor deliverables; for example Business cases; Strategy shaping; Planning; Risks and Issues Management; Lessons Learnt reports. Lead project teams including internal and external specialists. Candidate background: Candidates must be able to demonstrate consistent project management skills (including successful delivery within demanding timescales) across a variety of industry sectors and/or organisations functions including: data analysis; software development; social marketing; IT implementation; publishing and strategy development. Although projects will pertain to the Health Sector; experience of the Health Sector is not an essential requirement for these roles. Required Competencies: Understanding of the UK health sector at organisational level. Excellent appreciation of the entire project life cycle. Strong leadership ability to coordinate the efforts of others and to facilitate team working. Ability to work without close management and supervision. Time management to ensure a variety of engagements are delivered to time and budget parameters. A selfstarter who has the drive and ability to get things done. Able to develop robust resource and cost plans as part of project/proposal development. Appreciation of additional project revenue streams Clientfacing role; so good oral and written communication skills are essential. Ability to work within a rapidly moving; unstructured environment. Selfaccountability/motivation Innovation Tenacity Drive to ensure success. Selfmotivation; persuasiveness and competitiveness Good organisational skills. Recruitment Process: **** stage process Salary: Up to ****K (depending on experience); plus excellent bonus and benefits