Title: Care Worker (Drivers with use of Car for work ONLY)
Webindex: 60430289
Description: JOB DESCRIPTION It is important that all employees of the company follow the rules, policies and procedures laid out in the staff handbook and in the ‘policies and procedures’ book which is kept in the office and available for any care worker to use. The role of the care worker is to perform duties and tasks to facilitate our customers to live at home in a safe secure and comfortable way. Duties It is sometimes difficult to generalise about what the role of a care worker is. The best way of summing it up is that we might perform the tasks carried out by a close friend or relative but in a trained, professional and knowledgeable way. In order to do this successfully the care worker must be aware of the needs and requirements of the customer and must communicate successfully not only with the customer but also with other stakeholders such as family, friends and other healthcare professionals. The care worker also has a responsibility to alert the supervisor (or their representative) of any changes or causes for concern in the customer’s condition. There will be specific tasks identified for a particular customer. These may include cooking and/or preparing meals and possibly assistance with feeding. Housekeeping and laundry as well as personal care may also be part of the role. The care worker will be briefed before undertaking any assignment with the specific tasks involved but in every case it is incumbent upon the care worker to carry out the work in a safe and professional way and to adhere to the specific instructions as well as the policies and procedures of the company. Care workers are frequently the only people that a customer may see on a daily basis and clearly there is a responsibility to report any relevant information back to the supervisor. It is not the role of the care worker to become involved in notifying family, friends or relatives of changes. This will be carried out by the Bluebird Care admin team, based on the advice received from the care worker. The care worker does not have responsibility for staff. It should be clearly understood that the role requires a great deal, sometimes both in physical and emotional ways, and also carries a weight of responsibility. Anyone who does not genuinely care about the welfare of other people will not be suitable for this job. The permanent equipment provided by Bluebird Care, such as uniform, identity badge and any other equipment required to carry out the role, are the responsibility of the care worker as is making sure that consumables such as disposable gloves and aprons are available and not in short supply. Whilst the supply and upkeep of any equipment such as wheelchairs and hoists are not the responsibility of Bluebird Care or its employees, it is expected that causes for concern with any of such items would be passed by the care worker to the supervisor. By its nature domiciliary care requires care workers to travel from place to place. Care workers must therefore have the ability to do this, either by public transport or by their own means. A thorough training programme is applicable to every member of the Bluebird Care team. This constitutes both initial and ongoing training and is a requirement of all staff. Every member of staff will be required to apply for, and achieve, a satisfactory Criminal Record check. JOB SPECIFICATION Essential Genuine care for others Good communication skills Ability to understand what the role entails Ability to follow instructions Desirable Experience in care provision. Own transport. Flexible availability. Key Competencies To be able to attend all Customer’s calls. To understand the importance of such calls. To be able to cope with emergency and difficult situations. To be able to communicate with other people. To be able to maintain high standards of care provision. Tasks (The role may involve some or all of the following. This is not intended as a complete list and is supplied for information only) Assist customers to get up, dressing and preparing them for their day Washing, bathing, showering, oral care, grooming. Toileting, assisting with use of commode, emptying commode. Continence management Using manual handling equipment as specified. Working with other care professionals such as District Nurses, GPs, etc. Assisting with prescribed medication Assist customers to go to bed, including undressing and washing Preparation of meals and assistance with feeding General household duties Bed making and laundry Shopping and supplies management To keep accurate records of care visits. To prevent the spread of infection by exercising good hygiene techniques To use personal protective equipment to control and protect against infection To follow all instructions contained in risk assessments To report any concerns to the office