Title: Support Secretary
Webindex: 68718659
Company: NHS Grampian
Description: We have an exciting opportunity for an enthusiastic Support Secretary to provide a high level of medical secretarial/administrative support to the Old Age Psychiatry Directorate. The successful applicant will be working on a part time **** hours, for a period of up to 11 months.The post will be based on the Royal Cornhill Hospital site where there is ample parking facilities and other benefits including a nursery. Applicants for this post should have excellent communication and organisational skills. Candidates should be educated to HNC level or equivalent and good standard of education including English to Standard Grade **** or equivalent. Accurate keyboard skills and knowledge of Microsoft Word and Excel are essential. Within this role you will require an outgoing and confident manner, as you will liaise with a wide range of professionals both internal and external to the Board. Secretarial experience is essential and preference will be given to applicants with relevant secretarial or administrative qualifications. Candidates should also have excellent interpersonal and organisational skills. Good keyboard, audio skills as well as the ability to work flexibly is essential. Employer details: NHS Grampian, which is one of the **** principal Health Boards in Scotland, provides healthcare services to the northeast of the country, covering the local government areas administered by Aberdeen, Aberdeenshire and Morayshire Councils. We employ around **** staff who deliver our services to half a million people spread across **** square miles of city, town, village and rural communities. We have extremely close links to the University of Aberdeen (with its internationally renowned Medical School and Dental School) and Robert Gordon University. These close links have made us a centre of pioneering medical research in a number of fields. Aberdeen, as a major Scottish city, is where most of our hospitals are located. Elgin in Moray, is the site of Dr Gray’s and the principal General hospital is in the west of Grampian. In addition, there are a further **** Community Hospitals, situated in each of the main towns. As an employer, we take great care to ensure that all staff have a safe, happy and professional environment in which to work. Clear policies, covering everything from Dignity at Work to Leave for Domestic, Personal and Family reasons  as well as a comprehensive Occupational Health Service  give our staff confidence and security. We are a listening, caring and people focused organisation. As a diverse and welcoming employer our employment practices are both flexible and familyfriendly. In our approach we aim to be innovative and professional. We are proud of our heritage, proud of our area, history and traditions, and proud of the service we provide to the people of NorthEast Scotland.