Title: CRA II  UK
Webindex: 69689668
Company: RBW Consulting Solutions Ltd
Description: CRA II  UK I am currently recruiting for a Clinical Research Associate II to join a vibrant and growing CRO. My client is known across the globe and is looking to expand their team with the addition of several CRAs. This is a great chance to gain access to brilliant training and progression programs whilst being introduced to interesting and unique therapeutic areas. The role is a monitoring position and you will be responsible for going to site and monitoring from feasibility through to close out. Regionalised sites are offered by my client so you don t have to worry about huge commutes. This role can also look at an individual being home based or office based near London and the Home Counties. As I m sure you can see this position comes with a huge level of flexibility which is often missed by most companies in today s market. An attractive salary is also attached to this position as my client doesn t want to miss out on exceptional talent, so they can look at a salary base of up to **** with a car and other benefits. To be eligible for this position you must have at least 18 months monitoring experience within clinical trials and you must have a working knowledge of GCP guidelines. You must also have a relevant science degree and be eligible to work in the UK. If you d like to hear more about this opportunity please feel free to send me a copy of your CV to rob.procterrbwconsulting.com or alternatively you can call me on **** **** ****ey words: Clinical research associate, Clinical research associate I, Clinical research associate II, Senior clinical research associate, Lead clinical research associate, CRA, CRA I, CRAII, SCRA, LCRA, CRO, Clinical research organisation, Pharma, Pharmaceutical, pharma company, Pharmaceutical company, clinical research, clinical, monitoring, clinical monitoring, drug development, clinical drug development, regionalised monitoring, regionalised, oncology, cardiovascular, neurology, CNS, infective diseases, respiratory, Clinical research associate, Clinical research associate I, Clinical research associate II, Senior clinical research associate, Lead clinical research associate, CRA, CRA I, CRAII, SCRA, LCRA, CRO, Clinical research organisation, Pharma, Pharmaceutical, pharma company, Pharmaceutical company, clinical research, clinical, monitoring, clinical monitoring, drug development, clinical drug development, regionalised monitoring, regionalised, oncology, cardiovascular, neurology, CNS, infective diseases, respiratory.