Title: Educational Projects Manager  Family Nurse Partnership
Webindex: 68718604
Company: NHS Education for Scotland 
Description: We are seeking an experienced and highly motivated registered practitioner to join the FNP National Unit (Scotland) to support the Scottish Government’s rollout of the Family Nurse Partnership programme (FNP) across Scotland. The Family Nurse Partnership (FNP) is a preventive licensed programme for first time teenage mothers and their families. It offers intensive and structured home visiting, delivered by specially trained nurses, from early pregnancy until age two. It aims to improve pregnancy outcomes, including maternal health, improve child health development and improve the economic selfsufficiency of the family. Joining a highly dynamic team and directorate you will be educated to Masters Level, or equivalent, be familiar with the FNP learning programme have significant experience of teaching, facilitation curriculum development and working in a learning environment. Most importantly you will be able to demonstrate an understanding of the FNP ethos by your strength based leadership style. In addition, you will be committed to multiprofessional and interagency approaches to education and healthcare and will be able to demonstrate flexibility and highlevel diplomacy skills. A commitment to inclusion will inform all that you do. First class communication, negotiation and influencing skills are essential, as is engagement in partnership working with a range of stakeholders. This post provides diverse experience for a practitioner who would enjoy working in a team at national level, in an organisation where staff development and support is highly valued. Employer details: NES is a Special Health Board and the provider of leadingedge learning, education and skills development for all health service employees in Scotland. We are dedicated to ensuring that NHSScotland staff teams are given the educational support to help them work together with maximum effectiveness for the benefit of patients. Our aim is to promote best practice in education, traning and lifelong learning across NHSScotland. Our work covers a wide area including providing and supporting specific training initiatives, ensuring that educational standards are being maintained, providing a range of educational materials, assessing taining needs and promoting the development of skills throughout the NHS.