Title: GENERAL MANAGERS
Webindex: 46633809
Description: General Manager The role of a General Manager is: ‘To champion the quality of life for all seniors’ The corporate ‘mission’ of our business is at the centre of how we work and the decisions we take in order to deliver outstanding service achieved in parallel with strong financial performance. In summary the General Manager is responsible for the overall management and success of the community. Success is measured through key performance indicators, including, but not limited to, financials, customer and team engagement and through regulatory compliance. RESPONSIBILITIES Care Delivery The General Manager is responsible for ensuring the highest standard of care is delivered to each resident within the community. Engagement with resident’s families and responding promptly to their queries/concerns is ultimately the General Manager’s responsibility. Ensuring compliance withSunrisepolicies, practices and procedures with regard to the standard of care is of paramount importance as is ensuring they are implemented correctly. The General Manager must achieve a minimum standard with full compliance on **** outcomes. Revenue Sales Leadership – to ensure delivery of revenue streams, leveraged through execution of theSunriseproven sales methodology. This encompasses maximisation of occupancy levels, rate and inventory management. This also includes an ability to understand the competition and the community’s position within the market place as well as build relationships with both internal and external key stakeholders. Cost Control Financial Management – to ensure the effective delivery of the profit and loss account. This coupled with annual budget planning of both operating and capital investment requirements is key. With Labour being both the biggest asset and cost to the business, the ability to manage this cost line is essential. This is alongside the management of day to day community controlled costs. Customer Focus Customer Service – to ensure the community meets all external regulatory obligations (including, but not limited to, CQC, HSE, EHO), whilst achieving internal auditory requirements (including, but not limited to, customer engagement surveys and internal operations auditing). Proactive customer communication is essential in order that expectations are both managed and met. Team Building Effective Teams – to ensure continuous team improvement, leveraged through regular performance reviews, team development and succession planning. Ongoing day to day coaching at all levels is an essential skill required to deliver team member engagement. This should ultimately result in lower than industry average turnover. Compliance – Registered Manager Ensure compliance with CQC standards and the delivery of high quality of care within the community and to liaise effectively with CQC Inspectors, Neighbourhood Managers and the Area team. Reporting complaints about quality of care and/ or regulatory compliance in line withSunrisecomplaints policy. Establish close positive links within the local area including GPs, discharge coordinators, private hospitals and other appropriate organisation. Establishing close positive links within the local area including GPs, discharge coordinators, private hospitals and other appropriate organisations. KEY ATTRIBUTES/KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/EXPERIENCE ESSENTIAL:  General management experience  Managing large teams of people  Ability to manage multiple priorities effectively  Strong planning and organisational skills  Good communication skills DESIRABLE:  The registered manager is qualified, competent and experienced to run the home and meet its stated purpose, aims and objectives.  A Registered Manager with at least 2 years experience in a senior management capacity.  The ability to build rapport with people and display empathy and sensitivity where appropriate. KEY (MANAGEMENT) CAPABILITIES REQUIRED  Teamwork  Commercial Awareness  Managing & Developing People  Driving for Results  Embracing and Facilitating Change  Planning, Organising and Executing  Networking and Influencing  Leadership MEASURES  Meets NOI expectations  Meets Occupancy and rate targets as set by the business  Cost lines on budget or below – labour and day to day cost controls  CQC rating of Good or above  Meeting or exceeding all regulatory benchmarks  Employee engagement  Appraisals completed  Learning and Development evaluation of Community