Title: Registered Nurse Jobs South London/West  Kingston upon Thames
Webindex: 70012883
Company: Kare Plus Agencies Limited
Description: Job Requirements as a Registered Nurse (RNs)?RGN will assist with the assessment of nursing care needs. Planning, delivering and evaluating individual care / treatment plans in consultation with individuals, their relatives and the Care Team. Conduct risk assessments. Supervise care staff in the delivery of high standards of care and treatment to achieve planned goals. Assisting with staff scheduling to ensure adequate people are available to meet requirements. The desire to learn and the ability to inspire your team are therefore essential. Qualifying RGN will participate in care staff supervisions and reviewing and assisting with the induction and orientation of new care staff. Maintain the safe custody, administration, dispensing and storage of medication according to NMC Administration of Medication. Necessary Skills/Qualifications: You must be an RGN with Care Home Experience Multidisciplinary skills are desirable to enable you to work across scrub, anaesthetics and recovery.NMC registration Excellent communication skills and a good team player Benefits: Purpose Built FacilitiesState of the art equipment NHS funded facilities Career development Structured training Competitive rates of payFree uniformLong Service AwardsGreat working environmentAbout our Company Kare Plus is the leading independent provider of support for people with learning disabilities, autism and mental health illness as well as older people. We offer a range of diverse services, from nursing and care services for older people/ children and people living with dementi, supported living and community support for children and adults with a range of different disabilities. With exposure to so many different areas of nursing, you will have the opportunity to build on your skills or focus on a specialist area. If you are looking for a really rewarding career, join us at Kare Plus and help us to transform the lives of the people who use our services To register with Kare Plus , please call our recruitment team on **** **** **** or emailus your CV at [Click here to email]Candidates must have a valid NMC Pin Number. Candidates must be authorised to work in the EEC.