Title: Day Service Coordinator  Barchester Healthcare
Webindex: 72238579
Company: Barchester Healthcare
Description: What is expected of you as a Day Service Coordinator? A fun and varied role, you will need to be highly creative and energetic At Barchester we pride ourselves on focusing on the individual needs of every person we support. You will act as the deputy to the Day Service Manager. You will work alongside them, preparing sessions for residents and also teaching sessions to residents Why join Barchester as a Day Service Coordinator? As market leaders we place the people we support first  and our staff are the best. You will benefit from a wealth of experience and as a company that places a great emphasis on investing in it's people, you will have the opportunity for both personal and professional development. Barchester has its own Learning and Development department, giving you the freedom to develop professionally and create your own career pathway  it's just a case of high do you want to climb? We offer: Nationally recognised qualifications such as Apprenticeships and NVQs in many aspects of our service from care and hospitality to administration. These are programmes of learning at work, giving you the opportunity to develop new skills while earning at the same time. Benefits:  Generous leave allowance  CRB company funded  Competitive rates of pay  Access to a structured career development path and award winning training via the Barchester Business School which offer a range of training from NVQs to Masters Degrees  Free uniform  Employer contribution to a Stakeholder pension plan  Access to Barchester's Shopping Club for hundreds of savings from retail outlets also access to 'Busy Bees' Child Care Vouchers Scheme  Long Service Awards  Great working environment  Employee help line to support staff in times of need What skills do I need for this role? Essential You will need to have experience of working with adults with a Learning Disability and Autism Hold a full driving license Be computer literate Have GCSE/'O' Level grade C or above in both Mathematics and English Language Have a variety of skills from the list below: Arts and Crafts, Woodwork, Music Performance, Sensory Awareness, Gardening/Horticulture Desirable Teaching Qualification NVQ **** in Care/Promoting Independence Welsh Speaker Knowledge of the following: Makaton, Signalong, PECS, TEACCH, Widget. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DayServiceCoordinatorBarchesterHealthcare_job****