Title: Nurse Advisor  South Central
Webindex: 71233422
Company: Apodi Ltd
Description: Permanent Headcount Opportunity An excellent and newly created opportunity to make a dramatic difference to the Healthcare Industry has arisen that will be working as part of a highly professional organisation. You will be an integral part of this dedicated Healthcare team, driving to ensure the efficient assessment and treatment recommendations for the agreed number of patients in Regional Clinics. We are looking for Nurse Advisor s with Cardiology experience who are able to combine excellent commercial abilities with first class patient care. Job Purpose: To develop relationships with target leads within the NHS at PCT and CCG level. To create the optimal environment for the uptake of IntegratedCareTM Clinics by removing or minimizing obstacles and deliver IntegratedCareTM Clinics for Cardiology. Duties will include:  To create opportunities to develop IntegratedCareTM Clinics in partnership with NHS and follow through to set up and deliver agreed patient throughput throughout the programme.  To establish strong relationships with key NHS customers through strong Key Account Management plans.  To systematically review each programme and individual account strategies using agreed benchmarks  To maintain activity at agreed levels  To proactively communicate with all interested internal customers on a monthly basis and opportunistically.  To ensure full compliance with ABPI and Caldicott guidelines at all times  To ensure all administration completed in a timely and accurate manner.  To provide ongoing feedback to Senior management to shape future strategy  To utilise financial and other internal resources in the most effective way to maximise impact on the growth of the Apodi Healthcare Services  Ensuring all nursing actions are designed to maintain and restore patients well being whilst educating and sharing best practice. Experience and Qualifications Required:  Understanding of the evolving NHS environment  Highly computer literate, valid UK driving licence  Strong leadership qualities, good financial acumen, team player, high levels of flexibility  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.  High levels of confidence, proactively and initiative.  A proven capability to work in a fast moving environment, working to tight deadlines  Confidence to deliver in an autonomous environment  A current understanding of the pharmaceutical industry is desirable as is a solid commercial awareness and business focus.  A distinct advantage for this position would be experience within cardiology.  Currently registered nurse Excellent salary and benefits package offered  company car/ car allowance. To apply for this roles please send your cv to applyapodi.co.uk or contact the resourcing team on **** **** A referral bonus of **** will be awarded when you recommend someone to us who we then place. If this is not your ideal position then please call us to discuss other opportunities. Whilst we would like to reply individually to every application on some occasions it may not be possible to do this therefore if you have not heard from us within 7 days please assume you have not been successful on this occasion however, this does not exclude you from applying for any other relevant roles.