Title: Physio/OT
Webindex: 68559675
Company: The Placement Group
Description: Physio/Occupational therapist Job  Lincolnshire Wheelchair assessment therapist. Salary ****k****k DOE Fulltime **** hours a week. Based in Lincoln the company works in partnership with numerous Councils and Primary Care Trusts around the UK, supplying services including daily living aids, continence supplies and homecare products to help their residents live in their own homes. There main principal areas of operation Wheelchair repair, maintenance, servicing and clinical assessment services Community Equipment Services Continence supply and home delivery service Homecare services Telecare and Telehealth installations Trusted assessment of need services They are currently recruiting for a therapist to join their team in Lincoln who provide their wheelchair service in the Lincolnshire area, the role will include both community and clinic based assessment. You will provide the clinical input to the assessment and provision of special seating and wheelchairs to all clients who are referred to Lincolnshire Wheelchair Service. The company on behalf of Lincolnshire NHS will provide a unique service that will ensure that all service users will receive the mobility equipment they require at the time they require it to enable them to achieve the paitents and their family's/carers lifestyle goals. This will be achieved by the following: Providing the clinical input for all service users, their families and carers working very closely with the multidisciplinary team supporting the user Providing the links between clients and other teams such as Wheelchair Skills Training Developing links with 'hard to reach' sectors of the local community by close liaison with the referrers, particularly local therapists. Your main duties will include Following prioritization and clinic allocation assess and prescribe the most suitable mobility equipment to meet the users holistic needs. Handover the equipment and agree the level of training and supervision required by each service user. Participate in the organizing and functioning of various clinics in a variety of locations throughout the Lincolnshire area. Provide advice to service users their families, carers and healthcare professionals who contact the service regarding mobility issues and associated issues Participate and contribute, from time to time, with clinical audit, evaluation and research activities To be considered for this post you must have a BSc in occupational or physiotherapy, have proven experience as therapist, experience delivering wheelchair services is desirable but not essential, currently registered with the HPC and have a clean driving licence. In return you will be offered a competitive salary, 25 days holiday and 5% stakeholder pension. If you would like to apply for this post send your cv to for more info call Everton on .