Title: Occupational Health Advisor
Webindex: 67899959
Company: The Supply Agency
Description: TLA Permanent are delighted to promote an opportunity for an Occupational Health Nurse/Advisor based in Central London. This position offers an excellent salary as well as a fabulous benefits and training package. Experienced in all aspects of Occupational Health service delivery including case management, health surveillance/screening procedures and having a willingness to undertake any training for the role, you are responsible for ensuring the delivery of a first class service for the supply of case management, health surveillance, health screening and health promotion to clients, which is delivered at client sites. As the face of this first class service for the business you are responsible for the advice given and the service perception of the employee and organisation. You will be expected to support business development and support growth by identifying and helping win new clients. Key requirements ? Ability to be self motivated and to work alone or as part of a team ? Excellent verbal and written communication ? Easily builds rapport and has strong interpersonal skills ? Lead by example and be open to change ? Ability to organise, prioritise and manage, a flexible workload ? Excellent IT skills You will hold current NMC registration and hold a post registration qualification in Occupational Health at Certificate Diploma or Degree level. ABOUT US: TLA Permanent are part of TLA Group. We believe we are different, when compared to our competitors. We like to educate our clients about agency use and why its cost effective, beneficial and strategically sound, despite the negative views in the marketplace. We believe that any business relationship should be about trust, mutual respect, openness and honesty, or to put it another way WINWIN. TLA Group are members of the Recruitment & Employment Confederation (REC) and conduct our business in line with the REC best practice guidelines. TLA Permanent part of TLA Group, act as Employment Agency in the supply of permanent workers