Title: Staff Nurse  Outpatient
Webindex: 67158480
Description: Our clients is looking for a Staff Nurse to work as part of the multi disciplinary team to deliver a high standard of care to the patient undergoing medical treatment. Role Responsibilities and Duties: CLINICAL DELIVERY Ensure high standards of care for patients and their families by: Delivery and management of direct nursing care, Working with agreed nursing standards and according to Nursing and Midwifery Council Code for nurses, Being accountable for nursing outcomes, Enhancing the quality of care by assisting with the management of change in nursing practice based on evidence/research. Plan and organise own workload in order to meet patient need. Understand the principles of delivering prescribed treatment safely to achieve positive patient outcomes. Within a system of case management, coordinate and monitor the progress of patient care and report any variance appropriately. Ensure the correct storage and administration of medications in accordance with the hospital policies and NMC Standards for Medicine Management and ensure the safe handling of drug keys at all times. Practice multidisciplinary team care and contribute actively towards its successful management. Act at all times as the patient advocate. Work in accordance with the Nursing Strategy to meet the Hospital and Nursing objectives. OPERATIONAL DELIVERY Manage nursing care and assist with additional management requirements according to planned off duty rota. Contribute to the effective management of the hospital by: Adopting a flexible approach to personal off duty rota, Assisting with requirements when clinical activity alters, Assisting senior nursing staff in the forward planning of absences, Participating in effective use of temporary staff, Working in other areas within the hospital as required. For more information on this position, please call Martin Fahy on **** **** or email martin.fahymatchtech.com To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.