Title: RGN Band 5
Webindex: 69685748
Description: We are currently looking for registered general nurses to work at a NHS hospital based in Dartford, Kent. As a preferred supplier we are able to offer ongoing temporary adhoc shifts one week in advance. The trust is a modern hospital in Kent offering professional care, exceptional quality . We provide patients with the latest technology for their treatment in safe, comfortable and clean surroundings. The hospital's team of around **** professional and friendly staff provide care for patients across a full range of daypatient, inpatient and outpatient care. The hospital offers a comprehensive range of acute hospital based services to around **** people in Dartford, Gravesham, Swanley and Bexley. The hospital now has around **** inpatient beds and specialties that include daycare surgery, general surgery, trauma, orthopaedics, cardiology, maternity and general medicine Working as a registered general nurse, you will be responsible for assessing patients; plans and implementing care for adults, providing specialist advice and maintaining associated records and carrying out specialist nursing procedures when required.We are looking for Registered General Nurses that are keen on variety and the opportunity to provide excellent care to patients within challenging and busy environments. To be considered for this position you must be able to demonstrate the following: At least 6 months current UK clinical experience. The ability to adapt to different hospital environments. Selfmotivated, uses own initiative and excellent at making decisions. Able to work under pressure and respond effectively to challenging situations. Time management and effective delegation skills. As well as receiving ongoing dedicated support, you ll also enjoy a range of employee benefits, including: **** Bonus every time you refer a colleague Holiday Entitlement (PAYE Only) Competitive rates of pay Fast Track Registration Free mandatory and specialist Training Terms conditions apply To have an informal discussion please contact Jimmy Ewart on **** E: jimmy.ewarthays.com or submit your CV via the job advert