Title: Case Manager  Essex  Bristol
Webindex: 68309451
Company: Allied Healthcare Group
Description: Saga Healthcare are one the UK’s leading healthcare staffing providers and right now we are looking for a Case Manager to join our busy enabling team based in Essex.To have clinical accountability for all Services Users in the community on the Allied Healthcare Group case managed model of service delivery. Strategically placing teams in order to deliver a professional and safe service. Incorporating Allied Healthcare’s Policy on Patient Safety & Risk Management across service delivery for continuing healthcare. Developing relationships throughout the multidisciplinary teams in which they work. Working alongside Operations Managers, Commissioning Managers & Clinical Leads in ongoing business development. To manage Team Leaders & Carers and be proactive in developing the skills of individuals within the Continuing Care Team To Ensure high standards of care are achieved in service delivery Ensure all clinical staff have knowledge of current policies, procedures and guidelines in use within the Company. Be proactive during regional meetings, promoting a continuum of good communication and sharing of ideas. Work collaboratively with members of the continuing care team, operational staff & branch staff ensuring effective communication in the provision of service user care. Effectively prioritise own workload Assist others in prioritising their workload effectively. Gain knowledge of pending packages & plan accordingly Clinical and Compliance and Training  Asses & implement new CC packages / create mini job specifications for supply of carers Attend discharge planning meeting for clients coming out of hospital and liaise with MDT regarding equipment and supply of goods. Compile detailed electronic care plans Assist and develop a training programme (within skill level) for all specialist training needs for Continuing Care, and ensure evidence of signed competency for all care staff. Advise and support the Branch Continuing Care consultant with any clinical issues Advise and support junior members of the continuing care team on clinical issues and refer to Regional Clinical Leads as appropriate Monitor and review current active Continuing Care packages and ensure care plans are up to date or adjusted as per service user changing clinical needs. Review all Level 3 admissions with Clinical Leads In conjunction with the regional Clinical leads produce quotations for case managed and non case managed health packages Ensure that quarterly supervisions and annual appraisals are completed for all staff involved in case managed continuing care packages. Maintain clinical updates and evidence of PREP ( Post Registration Educational Portfolio) Ensure that all Patient Safety issues are raised in accordance with the Patient Safety Procedure. Actively support research & audit Ensure all practice is evidence based. Adhere to NMC Code of Professional Conduct, leading by example Ensure adequate skill mix for service user. Provide clinical advice and support where appropriate to all staff within the continuing healthcare team Enable others to develop and apply their knowledge and skills in line with the NVQ programes and skill framework Provide training and support for nurses