Title: Dispensing Opticians Jobs in Falmouth
Webindex: 72226395
Company: Flame Health Associates LLP
Description: Flame Health Optometry Jobs  Dispensing Optician Jobs in Falmouth Flame Health Optometry is looking for a FBDO qualified Dispensing Optician in the Falmouth area for our client who are one of the UK’s leading Multiple organisations. They are looking for somebody who enjoys to work as part of a team, delivering total satisfaction to their patients. Not only will you work closely with customers dispensing optical appliances, but also with the in store Lab team and Optometrists ensuring that the high standards their patients expect are met. You’ll act as an ambassador for the company, ensuring every customer is welcomed into the practice and to ensure their expectations are exceeded throughout the customer journey. You’ll also be a mentor to the practice team sharing your knowledge and providing advice and guidance to meet specific patient needs on the recommendation, selection and purchase of all types of eyewear and eyecare solutions. You’ll also provide technical advice and guidance to the team to encourage best practice. Working closely with the Lab to ensure that all eye wear is produced to the correct specifications so that when a patient collects their order it has a quality seal of approval. You’ll need to: Be registered with the GOC Have achieved the core competencies as specified by ABDO and approved by the GOC Demonstrate commercial awareness Have some basic IT skills Have effective communication skills both verbal and written Demonstrate exceptional customer service skills You’ll need to demonstrate good attention to detail along with good customer service. Team work also forms a big part of their culture so the ability to work well with other people is essential. You’ll also be enthusiastic and willing to help others learn. A competitive salary package, bonus and associated benefits are on offer to the right person. To apply for this role or enquire about additional Dispensing Optician Job Opportunities in Falmouth or the Cornwall region  Contact Flame Health Freephone oon **** **** or from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email optometryflameealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business