Title: New Year New Career Become a Care Worker
Webindex: 68070034
Company: Carewatch
Description: Carewatch Care Services are looking for enthusiastic, reliable home care workers to support people to maintain their independence at home. The type of care a Care Worker will provide will vary from person to person but may include: Personal Care – Help with getting up and getting ready for the day and settling in for the night, washing, bathing, and toileting. Practical Support  Domestic tasks such as laundry, cleaning, tidying, shopping, preparing and cooking meals and taking people out to the shops, doctors or social events. Specialised Care  Supporting people with more complex needs such as, end  of  life care, or supporting people with acquired brain injury or those living with a long term condition. What we look for . . . As an organisation, we look to develop people who: Have a passion about helping people maintain independence at home Possess a can do, positive attitude Possess the compassion, dedication and willingness to go the extra mile Have excellent communications skills and possess the ability to build relationships with those we support and those around them Enjoy a challenge and are flexible in their approach to work Can display empathy, understanding, comfort and reassurance to all those we support Are fun and enjoyable to work with. You must hold a valid UK driving license What we offer . . . If you have the passion and desire to develop a career in care, in turn we can offer: •Career development •Local work •Good rates of pay •Paid holiday •Free Induction training •Regular refresher training •Uniform •Regular supervision •Employee recognition •Opportunity to study for Diploma in Health and Social Care. Successful applicants will be flexible with their working hours and must have their own transport. For further information, please contact Vicky on: **** **** or email your detais to: kirkleescarewatch.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NewYearNewCareerBecomeaCareWorker_job****