Title: Area Coordinator  Birmingham
Webindex: 70263506
Company: Goodall Brazier Ltd
Description: My client, a medium sized care home provider with over **** homes across the UK, is seeking a Nursing Area CoCoordinator Home Manager in the West Midlands area. The group has an excellent reputation for quality care and the highest professional standards. The homes and modern and immaculate with the latest technology and facilities. Regular staff training and thorough support is at the heart of the company and the potential for career development is very possible. Experience in dementia, Nursing, hospice and district nursing. Qualification, such as Batchelor of nursing etc.Reports to The Nursing manager will report to Registered Manager for all matters relating to regulatory standards set out by CQC. There is also a dotted reporting line into the General Manager for personal and career development, appraisals and pay review and all budgetary matters. The Registered Manager will also work in partnership with other Coordinator colleagues, and the Area Care Team to deliver high quality care. Responsible for .Resident Care and Nursing Champions high standards of care within the Resident Centred Care Model. Facilitates the production of Individual Service Plans (ISPs), Risk Assessments and Daily Assignment Sheets and monitors ongoing process and practice. Ensures the right resources are in place to deliver quality care and meet residents needs. Manages the care assessment process to determine levels of care with the appropriate staffing levels in partnership with the Registered Manager and General Manager. Partners with other coordinators to ensure individual resident needs and preferences are met. Recognises changes to a residents wellbeing / condition and takes appropriate action. Communicates regularly with families, GPs and other multi agency professionals. Ensures the Neighbourhood follows all national minimum standards and company standards as they pertain to resident care and services. Report issues or concerns to the Registered Manager and the General Manager Strives to achieve an excellent CQC rating. Develops and implements corrective plan of action in areas of poor performance, non compliance with CQC regulations and / or company standards. Develops a thorough working knowledge of current and evolving laws and regulations, policies and procedures relating to resident care and ensures compliance. Assists in the leadership and promotion of the companies Health and Safety Programs and Risk Management policies. Ensures all required documentation is completed in accurately and in a timely manner. Ensures the Neighbourhood follows all national minimum standards and company standards as they pertain to resident care and services. Report issues or concerns to the Registered Manager and the General Manager Develops and implements corrective plan of action in areas of poor performance, non compliance with CQC regulations and / or company standards. Assists in the leadership and promotion of the company Health and Safety Programs and Risk Management policies. Ensures all required documentation is completed in accurately and in a timely manner. Manages and periodically reviews the performance of the Nursing team Champions the Designated Care Manager approach to care delivery. Holds self and team accountable for delivery of quality care, implements corrective action as and when required and documents for record keeping. Attends Management meetings and training as and when required. Keeps up to date with developments in elderly care through reading, attending conferences and training sessions. Establishes cooperative relationships with local support groups for the elderly and Alzheimers and facilitates support for families from these groups. Ensures clinical budget is utilised efficiently. Understands and manages the department budget to include labour and other expenses and its impact on the Communitys profitability. Communicates regularly with families, GPs and other Multi disciplinary agencies, through the use of letters, phone calls, family buddies, family gatherings and Individual Service Plan meetings. Acts as a resource and meets the residents and family members social programme while encouraging family involvement. Experience The ideal Candidate will be RGN or RMN , ideally RGN and a proven experience of Nursing Management/Clinical Lead responsibility.If interested email your CV and covering letter to sam.mwandogoodallbtazier.com ****  **** or adam.whitegoodallbrazier.com