Title: Nurses  RGN / RMN
Webindex: 69190308
Company: Linc
Description: Nurses  RGN / RMN **** per annum (**** per hour) Linc Care operates across South Wales and provides homes and services to older and vulnerable people. Our Nursing Home in Newport offers the highest standards in accommodation and personcentred care, exemplary direct nursing care and a secure, relaxed and homely environment where our residents and their families feel that their wellbeing and comfort is of prime importance. We are looking to recruit newly qualified and experienced Nurses. You will provide high quality nursing care, ensuring that personal care needs of Elders are met while respecting the dignity of the individual and promoting independence. Specific duties will include:  Accurately assess the needs of new and existing Elders and identify priorities of care;  Administer all medication and treatments within NMC guidelines and Linc's policy;  Maintain accurate records and ensure that each Elder within the Home has an individualised Care Plan;  Supervise Care Assistants on your unit. These roles require highly effective communication skills (written, nonverbal & verbal)  to communicate sensitive related information to Elders and relatives with empathy and reassurance. You will be expected to lead by example at all times, but above all, you must ensure all patients are treated with respect and dignity at all times. We actively promote and encourage the learning and development of our staff. You will benefit from a full induction and training programme tailored to your role, which includes all mandatory, workplace and developmental training, in addition to undertaking vocational qualifications and training relating to your continuing professional development. Our core values are: FOCUSED . POSITIVE . INNOVATIVE Enhanced Criminal Records Check will be carried out for this post. NO AGENCIES & NO CVs PLEASE. To apply, please visit our website by clicking the APPLY NOW button and complete an online application form.