Title: Home Manager  Poole
Webindex: 67283259
Company: Team 24 Ltd
Description: To enable each of our residents to have a dignified and fulfilled life, by ensuring the highest standards of care and service are delivered by effectively managing both staff and resources. Ensure all our customers, especially our residents, receive the highest standards of care and service which meets their needs as well as legislative requirements and company standards. • Ensure accurate record keeping in relation to the care and service delivery in particular maintaining an agreed plan of care. • Take responsibility for the health and safety of the environment by having a sound working knowledge of safe working practices. Ensure all staff are aware of their responsibilities under health and safety legislation, ensuring compliance with the legislative framework and current policies and procedures. • Ensure the environment is homely, and kept clean and well maintained by making certain any defects in the fabric and furnishings and any shortfall in equipment or services are attended to. • Improve understanding of what customers, particularly residents, want, ensuring continuous improvement through effective management and processes e.g. auditing. Remain mindful of the particular needs of the relatives. Financial Management: • Achieve agreed financial targets by improving income and effectively managing costs. • Proactively market the home and company to improve occupancy and fees by using marketing information, promoting the home’s unique selling points and developing an action plan. • Secure a firstrate reputation with local referrers and influencers by maintaining excellent relationships. Adhere to specified financial controls and supervise administration of financial processes 55 bed dementia care home – circa ****K  bonuses Holiday 5 weeks plus bank holidays Pension scheme after successful probation Clothing allowance for Home Managers Bonuses based on KPIs Ideally a registered nurse with similar size bed dementia care home / older people experience, registered manager. Passion for working with the elderly providing person centred care Please apply to Peter Team24 Now About us: Team24 is a healthcare recruitment specialist which provides healthcare workers for a wide range of temporary placements, from doctors to specialist nurses across the NHS and private sectors. We pride ourselves on providing an exceptional quality of service to all in the healthcare sector, including the NHS, GP Surgeries, Mental Health Institutions, Prisons, Charities, Community Nursing, Nursing Homes, Residential Homes and the Military. We supply Nurses, Care workers, GP’s, Consultants and Homecare, on a 24 hour basis depending on when you need work. We can do this on a Temporary, Fixed Term Contract or Permanent Basis, what ever you need, when ever you need it. We work throughout the UK, supporting clients when they need us and working in partnership with them to ensure that we supply the right member of staff for their needs. As a company we are growing on a weekly basis and have numerous opportunities available in various trusts and private organisations throughout the UK, if this role isn’t what you are looking for why not send you details to our recruitment team via email recruitersteam24.co.uk or visit our website at www.team24.co.uk Thank you for your interest. Team24 is an Equal Opportunity Employer