Title: RGN (****)  Manchester
Webindex: 67900163
Company: Time Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: We are currently looking for an RGN to work in a well established 56 bed nursing home in the Moston Area of Manchester. This full time **** hour position is offering a competitive hourly rate of **** ph and boasts an attractive benefits package. The home is committed to providing the highest possible standards of care. Residents are treated as individuals and cared for with respect and dignity within a safe, comfortable and homely environment which provides stimulation and encourages independence where appropriate. As a Registered Nurse you have responsibility for leading your shift to ensure we deliver excellent standards of care; promoting independence and dignity and positively enhancing the lives of individuals in our care. Your duties as RGN will include: Ensure the delivery of quality care by continually assessing our residents needs and wishes Develop, review and update care plans to meet our clients changing physical, social and psychological needs. Communicate professionally and warmly with visitors including family, friends and other external stakeholders. Comply with all legal, regulatory and best practice guidelines. Ensure medicines are appropriately received, stored and administered to our clients. Promote high standards of nursing care for you and your team, by ensuring all staff are supervised appropriately and the shift runs in a smooth efficient manner. Ensure that the team s skill and knowledge levels are able to meet the changing needs of the business. We are looking for an RGN with a flexible attitude and somebody who adopts a person centred ethos; you need to show empathy and a desire to make a difference. Be up to date with current practices, show leadership qualities and be willing to take ownership for the deliver of quality care. This care home provides a variety of competitive benefits, including a generous holiday allowance, contributory pension scheme, a bespoke development programme and an employee discount scheme. Plus free parking and uniform where applicable. If you have the skills to succeed in this role and are committed to the provision of quality care please call Mike at Time Recruitment on (Apply online only) or email on (url removed) (RGN, Registered General Nurse, RMN, Registered Mental Nurse, Learning Difficulties, Disabled, Older care, Nursing Homes, Care Homes, Moston, Manchester)