Title: Regional Business Unit Manager
Webindex: 71476052
Company: Chemistree Solutions Limited
Description: Role: Regional Business Unit manager Package: Negotiable based on experience, car, pension, healthcare and bonus Location: London and Kent This is a great opportunity to join a pharmaceutical company which is enjoying significant growth. Our client is committed to providing quality healthcare products and services, focusing on specialised therapy areas. With a continued focus on the development of their pharmaceutical portfolio and salesforce expansion, an opportunity has arisen for a Regional Business Unit Manager As a key leadership role the position of Regional Business Unit Manager requires excellent commercial, analytical, planning and communication skills. Ideal candidates will be experienced managers with a good understanding of the issues in primary and secondary care and how they affect the local business opportunity. In addition you will have a proven track record as a coach with the ability to motivate a team in line with their personal development plans. The role is accompanied with an excellent package which includes a negotiable basic salary based on experience, pension, healthcare, bonus scheme and company car scheme. ABPI qualified. Candidates will need to be experienced first line sales managers working in either a pharmaceutical or healthcare organisation. Proven track record of sales and business management success. A proven track record in influencing the prescribing decisionmaking process with senior NHS customers in primary and secondary care. Proven track record of people leadership. Experience in PCO and secondary care environments. A self starter and effective problem solver who is accountable for own actions and results. To Apply If you are suitable for this position please attach your CV. Alternatively call Nigel Crabtree on **** **** Chemistree Solutions Ltd is a pharmaceutical and healthcare recruitment specialist. Simplistically the aim of Chemistree is to gain access to the very best candidates and to specifically match their needs to the needs of the client. The primary focus of Chemistree is the challenge of sourcing great talent. We believe that successful recruitment lies at the heart of business success. Keywords Area Sales Manager, Marketing Manager, Regional Business Manager, Area Manager, Sales, Manager, Account Manager, Business Manager, Innovative, Ambition, Successful, Leading, Focused, Forward Thinking, Enterprising, Teamwork, Selling Skills, Commercial, Account Management, Healthcare Development Manager, Hospital Specialist, Integrated Healthcare Specialist, NHS Liaison Manager