Title: Home Trainer  Barchester Healthcare
Webindex: 68067949
Company: Barchester Healthcare
Description: What is expected of you as a Home Trainer? As a Home Trainer, your main responsibilities will be to coordinate, and deliver (where appropriate) training required in the home, including mandatory and legislative training, as well as to support staff to access appropriate training delivered outside the home. You will be required to keep up to date and maintain good training records for the home. You will hold an A**** Assessors award. Why join Barchester as a Home Trainer? As market leaders we place the people we support first  and our staff are the best. You will benefit from a wealth of experience and as a company that places a great emphasis on investing in its people; you will have the opportunity for both personal and professional development. Barchester has its own Learning and Development department, giving you the freedom to develop professionally and create your own career pathway  it's just a case of how high do you want to climb? We offer: Nationally recognised qualifications such as Apprenticeships and NVQs in many aspects of our service from care and hospitality to administration. These are programmes of learning at work, giving you the opportunity to develop new skills while earning at the same time. Benefits include:  Competitive rates of pay  Access to a structured career development path and award winning training via the Barchester Business School which offer a range of training from NVQs to Masters Degrees  Generous Annual Leave Allowance  Employer contribution to a Stakeholder pension plan  Access to Barchester's Shopping Club for hundreds of savings from retail outlets as well as access to 'Busy Bees' Child Care Vouchers Scheme  Subsidised health and personal accident insurance  Long Service Awards  Great working environment  Employee help line to support staff in times of need What skills do I need to join? You'll have the ability to work on your own initiative and within a team as well as excellent organisational and communication skills. You will need an A**** Assessors award, excellent IT skills and previous experience with NVQs / SVQs training are essential. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HomeTrainerBarchesterHealthcare_job****