Title: Home Care Assistants  Durham
Webindex: 68310224
Company: SWIIS Healthcare
Description: Home Care AssistantsSWIIS urgently requires Home Care Assistants to provide support to older people in the County Durham area.Our clients provide care and support services for older people in residential care homes in the County Durham area. As a Home Care Assistant your role will be to assist in delivering independence, choice and control to residents within a residential care setting by providing personal care and general support.This is a fulltime position, with hours available between 7am and 11pm. Applicants should be prepared to work some evenings and weekends.Why SWIIS?SWIIS is a provider of quality services, led by people who have extensive knowledge of the health and social care industry and the needs of the different sectors within which we work. SWIIS offers all workers full continuous professional training, dedicated consultant and 24 hour oncall support, and flexible working opportunities to meet individual workers’ requirements within their skill sectors. Benefits • ****  **** per hour (dependent on the project).• Free CRB. [NOT SCOTLAND]• Free mandatory and servicespecific training.• Ongoing professional update maintenance.• Excellent outofhours management support.Essential requirements • Understanding and knowledge of the issues faced by service users.• Creative approach to empowering service users to achieve their goals.• Commitment to the care and wellbeing of service users.• Dedication to continued professional and personal development.• Current PVG. [SCOTLAND ONLY]Desirable • Car driver or a willingness to travel.• Current enhanced CRB [NOT SCOTLAND].• Experience of caring for older peopleApply nowIf you have the skills, attitude and experience to be successful in this role, we want to hear from you today. Please submit an uptodate CV detailing a full employment and study history. SWIIS is an Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. SWIIS is an equal opportunities employer.Due to the volume of applicants, if you have not received a response from us within 14 days, please assume that you have not been successful in your application. Terms and conditions apply.