Title: Product Training Specialist / Medical Sales Executive
Webindex: 71233430
Company: BMS Sales Specialists LLP
Description: Product Training Specialist/Medical Sales Executive  Capital Equipment ****k Pro Rata  Bonus  Car 3 Days/Week London South East THE COMPANY: We are currently recruiting a new product and training specialist for this family owned company who are expanding their team due to recent successes. They manufacture and sell niche cancer support products and you will be spending time in oncology departments and with charities and a direct service delivery to patients at home. This parttime role is an exciting opportunity to get involved with a company that makes a real difference to patient s lives during cancer treatment, with outstanding inherent rewards. Full product training is provided. THE PERSON: The successful sales candidate will have the following skills;  You may have a sales or commercial background  Nurses looking to move into a more commercial role are particularly welcome to apply  The confidence to present to and train oncology staff is important  You will have a bright and bubbly personality with a flexible and hardworking approach THE PACKAGE:  ****k Basic Salary, Pro Rata   Performance Related Bonus  Fully Expensed Company Car  Mobile, Laptop, Pension, 22 Days Holidays BMS is a leading recruitment consultancy specialising in sales recruitment. Established in 1990, BMS has achieved a truly nationwide presence through a number of regional centres. The head office in Egham is ideally located to service the needs of candidates and clients alike throughout London and the South East. Offering medical sales jobs for Trainees, Sales Representatives, Sales Executives, Nurse Advisors, Area Sales Managers, Territory Managers and Account Managers, opportunities are available in every corner of the UK. Conveniently located on the M25, between the M3, M4 and M40 we are committed to meet with all potentially suitable applicants, face to face. Furthermore, our organisation consists of several highly focused teams, aimed at specific market sectors, enabling us to deliver a service directly tailored to your needs. Please visit our website at URL removed alternatively contact one of our specialist medical sales consultants Oliver Fox or Tom Pringle on **** ****