Title: Deputy Manager (RGN)  Arundel
Webindex: 70264203
Company: Shaw healthcare
Description: New Year, New JobShaw healthcare is rapidly becoming one of the UK's leading care providers with a reputation for excellence for high standards. A growing organisation with **** locations across England and Wales, we are committed to encouraging career development at all levels within our homes. Shaw's core business is to provide the care people want, where they want and can best receive it. Warmere Court provides residential and nursing care to **** residents in a purpose built home which opened in **** and is situated in the picturesque market town of Arundel, in the heart of West Sussex. We are looking for a Deputy Manager who will be responsible for leading our team of nurses. Supervising, training and developing our staff to provide the best quality of care to the people we support is also a key aspect. The desire to learn and the ability to inspire your team is therefore essential. You will be required to have a pragmatic outlook, combined with the ability to use your own initiative and work under pressure. You will be given significant responsibility and will deputise in the absence of the Home Manager. You will have excellent clinical skills, and will spend time working ‘onshift’ therefore experience of leading a team, along with good organisational and time management skills are crucial. As we are expanding there are real prospects for progression, and this role would suit a high calibre nurse looking to climb the career ladder. We have our own Learning and Development Academy, so education opportunities are easily accessible. We offer: up to ****k per annum A great career pathway combined with clinical skills development Free training with regular updates & QCF training Professional clinical support A pleasant and friendly working environment An Employee Assistance Programme A Voluntary Benefit Scheme with Discounted Retail/Holiday/Leisure vouchers, Child Care Vouchers and much more.