Title: Senior Bakery Technician
Webindex: 70763790
Company: rainbow recruit limited
Description: Senior Bakery Technologist Baking s duration, and has links with many other institutes, universities and manufacturing companies. It provides training for the baking industry and offers courses on the practical and technical aspects of baking that are very popular with delegates from all over the world. The Position: The job holder will be responsible for conducting technical activities relating in particular to baking and cereal processing, in order to serve the best interests of the relevant industrial sectors. The post will report to the Bakery Technology section manager. This is a strategic role in the department and the intention is that the individual will play a pivotal role in the future development of departmental activities and staff. It is a new position based on expected growth in the product development and training areas. Main Duties: To provide advice to clients (****%) To manage, supervise and conduct project work associated with baking research, contracts and other activities (30%) To help in the development and supervision of junior staff where appropriate (10%) To help maintain the bakery facilities and liaise with the members of the department to ensure efficient use of the facilities (5%) Write reports for contract and research projects (10%) To plan, arrange and contribute to training courses (35%) Qualifications and Competencies Graduate or equivalent with relevant post graduate experience, or relevant employment experience. Proven competence of working in a bakery related environment, preferably in cake production, although knowledge of other baked goods will be useful. Knowledge of bakery raw materials, production methods, processes and baked product analysis. Confident with presentations. Acknowledged expert in a specific bakery field, preferably cake production. Verbal and written client facing communication to impart and discuss technical and commercial detail with audiences having both specialist and nonspecialist knowledge. Time management and financial awareness including project and resource management. Key Skills 1. Communications Interact with clients, both internal and external, to contribute to project proposals, discuss findings and write coherent reports. Presentations on contract work to clients to interpret findings and generate new business. Training course presentations and practical work on ingredients, processing and baking. Technical contact with a broad range of clients. **** Analytical Skills Consultancy with clients to solve baking problems. Understand analytical techniques for baked product assessment, and interpret results for clients. Knowledge of relevant test methods for ingredients, processes and end products. 3. Management of Activities The ability to organise, plan and coordinate work (both own ). Manage a range of projects with varying degrees of size and complexity, including those involving more than one department (also external suppliers of contract work) to ensure project objectives are achieved against agreed timescales. Follow appropriate business management procedures in all aspects of work. To initiate, supervise and report projects within agreed costs and deadlines. To keep documentation and accurate records of work in progress. To keep up to date with developments in relevant areas of work. To adopt safe working practices and comply with responsibilities laid down in manuals and quality systems. To actively generate ideas for research projects and contracts. Where possible, to promote Departmental and business activities through external contacts. To develop and maintain contacts with other departments to ensure a multidisciplinary project approach. We endeavour to reply to all applications; however, due to high volumes of online applicants received this is not always possible. If you haven t heard from us within 7 days, you have been unsuccessful applying for this particular role. Your CV may be suitable for future opportunities and will be considered for any other vacancies we have available. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by rainbow recruit. rainbow recruit is an equal opportunities employer and a member of the Recruitment & Employment Confederation and will be acting as a recruitment agency for this position