Title: Registred General Nurse
Webindex: 68559438
Company: Castlerock Recruitment Group
Description: Registered General Nurse  RGN Hospice ROLE NAME: Staff Nurse, RGN, Registered General Nurse Hospice , Pallative Care , Community Nursing , Nursing Home, Residential Home. Due to an overwhelming demand within Hospice Settings , Castlerock Healthcare Division (CRG) are looking for RGN with experience to join our dedicated nursing team in and around Fazakerley. You will be a registered general nurse with a particular interest in providing the best possible care to patients within a specialist palliative care setting. As part of a multiprofessional team you will be involved in the holistic assessment of patients and their carers, enabling patients to maximise their potential and promote selfmanagement. This vacancy is being advertised by Castlerock Healthcare Division (CRG) who are acting as an employment business. We are a preferred and key supplier into hospices / palliative care settings across the Northwest. We require exceptional and committed registered general nurse with a minimum of 6 months registered experience to deliver high standards of care within hospice / palliative care settings. Experience of the following would be desirable: Respite Care Palliative Care End of life Oncology Long term condition management Elderly Care Medication Dementia Learning / Physical Disabilities Candidates who are able to provide all the relevant pre employment checks can professionally be offered work within 710 days. (This is dependent on all pre employment checks being satisfactorily completed) In return we offer a free mandatory training, flexible hours, weekly pay combined with a competitive temporary workers benefit package. This post is subject to CRB clearance, preemployment and reference checks. KEY SKILLS/ ROLE NAME: Staff Nurse, RGN, Registered General Nurse, Hospice , Pallative Care , ,Community , Nursing Home, geriatric nursing, care for the elderly, dementia care, diabetes care, end of life care, general practice, residential care, supported living, careers in care, respite care,