Title: RMN / RNLD Job Woking
Webindex: 46631503
Description: Job Reference  VAC**** Job Title  RMN/RNLD Location  Woking Salary  Up to ****k dependant on experience SUMMARY: Registered Nurses must work according to NMC guidelines and are expected to assess, plan, implement and evaluate care without direct supervision and to participate fully in delivering a sensitive, efficient care service to all patients KEY TASKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Clinical Provide quality care using the Multidisciplinary Care Programme Approach.Apply research based knowledge and appropriate models of patient care as a member of both a Multidisciplinary and the nursing team. Provide care to agreed standards to ensure effective patient care for women. Act as a Named Nurse for designated named patients. To apply research based knowledge and appropriate models of nurse/patient intervention and maintain confidentiality regarding residents and staff. Ensure that care is provided within an environment which positively integrates race, gender, disability, religion and sexual orientation and meets individual needs. To ensure that the patients are involved as fully as possible in decisions affecting them and the running of the units, and to maximize their independence. To recognize the need to report to the Staff Nurse Leader any information relevant to the needs, treatment or behaviour of the patients. To report any accidents, complaints or untoward incidents to the Staff Nurse Leader. Provide and receive clinical supervision on a group or individual basis. Managerial To be aware of the philosophy and guidelines for the women's unit Take charge in the absence of the Registered Nurse Leader. Supervise the care given by junior staff, i.e., Nurse Support Workers and be able to lead a shift. Contribute actively to an effective learning environment and lead audits. Maintain accurate and legible records of care and other documentation. Ensure the Company's Policies and Procedures are adhered to within the clinical area. To be responsible for the guidance and support of support workers, identify training needs and assist with appraisals for support workers. To represent Alpha Hospitals in a positive and professional manner within the units and externally as required at meeting and other forums. Work and communicate effectively with nursing and Multidisciplinary colleagues within the units, the Company and externally. To maintain a safe environment for staff and patients at all times. To be aware of, and adhere to, current legislation regarding Health and Safety at Work. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: Registered Mental Nurse (RMN) and/or Registered Nurse Learning Disabilities (RNLD), compliant with the UKCC Regulations and Registration Please click apply today.