Title: Health and Social Care Tutors
Webindex: 62524965
Description: Advert Health and Social Care Tutors **** per annum Benefits Leicester, Leicestershire Our client changes lives, businesses and economies by providing high quality, industry specific training and qualifications. This is achieved through Apprenticeships, workbased, technical and specialised training programmes. We currently operate in the Construction, Logistics, Health and Social Care, Business Administration and Customer Service programme areas, with ambitious plans for future growth in new sectors. We are looking to recruit the key position of Health & Social Care Tutor on a fixed term basis in Leicester, Leicestershire. As one of our Tutors you will be responsible for improving the learner experience and raising the standards of Tutoring and learning in the organisation. Working in a predominantly workbased learning environment you will blend tutoring and assessing whilst maintaining a learner centred focus and embracing the full range of delivery methods. You should have sector relevant experience and knowledge of apprenticeship frameworks, Diploma's, VRQ's and higher level programmes. You should be A**** or TAQA qualified with experience of Key Skills and ideally hold a PTLLS qualification. If you are a professional individual stimulated by a challenge, your skills and experience fit the criteria and you would like to join one of the UK?s leading vocational and professional training providers, we would like to hear from you. Please click ?apply? Our client is an equal opportunities employer that values the diversity of its people. We adhere to the requirements of the Equality Act and welcome all applicants.? We believe in learning  all kinds of learning for all kinds of people, delivered in a personal style. We believe in its power to change lives, to open doors, to break down barriers, build societies, and offer hope and possibility  because wherever learning flourishes, so do people. Health & Social Care Jobs act as a Recruitment Agency on behalf of our candidates and clients, we specialise in permanent recruitment nationally throughout the Health and Social care sectors. We are experts in Domiciliary care, Elderly, Learning Disabilities, Mental Health, and Social Housing recruitment and have over 10 years? experience in the Sector, please visit our website www.healthsocialcarejobs.co.uk and view our testimonials to find out how we differ from other Recruitment Agencies and can help you with your recruitment needs.