Title: Junior Sister  HDU  Private Hospital
Webindex: 72396205
Company: Chandler Jones International
Description: Junior Sister | HDU  Ward | Private Hospital | Greater Manchester | Full Time  Flexible Rosta | Salary up to **** We're currently recruiting for the vacancy of JUNIOR SISTER  HDU on behalf of one of our private healthcare clients. Junior Sister | HDU  Ward | Private Hospital | Greater Manchester | Full Time  Flexible Rosta | Salary up to **** We're currently recruiting for the vacancy of JUNIOR SISTER  HDU on behalf of one of our private healthcare clients. Our client has been voted one of the preferred UK private hospitals in the UK. They pride themselves on providing the highest level of care to patients receiving both surgical and medical treatments across a variety of specialisms including orthopaedics, bariatrics, cosmetics, gynaecology and ENT. Due to expansion of services they are seeking to recruit a Junior Sister to support the main Sister of the HDU department. Duties will include:  Assist the Unit Sister and Unit Manager with the smooth running of the unit.  Act as a support and mentor to junior staff.  Assessment, implementation and Evaluation of individual patient care needs.  Care of patients requiring non invasive ventilatory support.  Maintaining patent airwaysproviding tracheal, oral, nasal, suctioning as required.  Postoperative care specific to surgical procedure and post operative instructions.  Monitoring fluidelectrolyte balance  Administering intravenous fluids  Wound care and dressings e.g. bedsore, surgical wounds.  Assisting in various procedures such as:  Sample collection for various investigations like hemogram, liver sensitivity, and routine microscopy, serum albumin, cardiac enzyme level, etc. Our client are ideally seeking a Registered Nurse with a minimum of 4 years post qualification experience in Critical care. A post graduate qualification in Critical Care is desirable as well as being ALS certified however there is opportunities within the hospital to take supported further education and training if required/ desired. This is a fantastic opportunity for a Senior Nurse who is looking to take the next step into a management role or alternatively a Registered Nurse currrently in a Junior Sister post looking for a new challenge.As the department is growing the hospital can offer great career progression, competitive salary and benefits package. The rota is flexible with the option to either work long days, nights or full weeks. For further information or an informal discussion about the post please contact us or apply now.