Title: Clinical Trainer
Webindex: 72451584
Company: Pulse Staffing
Description: PULSE are a leading Health and Social Care staffing company. With our Head Office based in Broxbourne, Hertfordshire and **** branches nationwide including a large branch in central London. We employ around **** internal staff, each working to supply staff within their relevant sector. Job Scope: Under the direction of the Clinical Director this post helps deliver a professional and high quality training service to the PULSE Community Healthcare division. The Clinical Trainer will be involved in the developing and implementation of training programs, lesson plans and training strategies for PULSE Community Healthcare (PCH), ensuring the company is providing skilled competent staff to work in complex care in the community. This role will include supporting the Clinical Director in training needs analysis, designing training courses and materials and delivery of training courses and management of the training medical devices. This will include working along side the Clinical Director developing the competency frameworks that will be integral to the training being delivered. The Clinical Trainer would be expected to deliver all training required by law and contractual obligations to all new PCH associates and staff. In addition, the trainer would also be expected to deliver annual update training for existing workers. This is a national post and the Clinical Trainer would be expected to travel to several locations to deliver training across the Company. This role will be home based with travel to an office or locaton, a minimum of 4 days per week. This role will require some overnight stays away from home, and therefore, flexibility and commitment to delivering the right training is expected to assist in the continuing expansion of the business. Key Tasks: Training Design and Delivery  Work with relevant key business personnel (front and back office) to determine course content  Assist the Clinical Director in identifying resources to support the training function.  To assist the Clinical Director in identifying the training needs annually and budget requirements  To undertake formal training necessary to fulfill this role. . To determine content and lesson plan induction for PCH at varying levels including management, back office and front line staff Induction Training  Deliver an effective Induction program for all levels of employee within the PCH division Mandatory Training . Design and deliver classroom based training for mandatory areas of training, such as:  Manual handling  Infection Control  H S  Basic resuscitation and first aid  Safeguarding Specialist Training Design and deliver classroom based training based for Nurses, support workers, Team Leaders through to Branch Managerson identified training needs, such as:  Spinal care  Ventilation  Care and management of Tracheostomy  Complex care  PEG feeding  Medicines management The successful candidate will be a clinician with current appropriate professional body membership, have experience of training within a Healthcare environment and knowledge of best practice training procedures. Candidates must have a UK driving licence and have their own car vehicle. PULSE have been awarded Best Companies accreditation for **** 2010 and 2011 and have a place in the Sunday Times top 100 companies to work for. We offer a wealth of company benefits including a pension scheme, private healthcare and 25 days holiday. We also offer ongoing training and development and a friendly working environment. Clinical Trainer Clinical Trainer Clinical Trainer Clinical Trainer This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ClinicalTrainer_job****