Title: Bank Community Clinical Support Worker  Long term  Milton Keynes
Webindex: 72608841
Company: Bupa Home Healthcare
Description: You ll need to be able to commit to regular hours for training for the first 3 months. You are a patient focused individual who works well with people and will have a genuine empathy for your patients. You care about clinical excellence. You believe in the importance of the right things, done well. And you will thrive in a dynamic, fast paced environment. About the role The impact you will have on our patients lives will go far beyond care  giving them independence, choice and privacy. You will get to know them, and their families, enabling you to follow personal care plans that really are as unique as every individual. Part of a clinical team responsible for maintaining the highest standards of onetoone care, you will provide the pivotal link to build close relationships between our clinical teams, patients and the families. You will work from patient s own homes, providing them and their families with clinical and healthcare support. Our patients have high level care requirements, and some are dependant on a range of clinical equipment. Our patients are predominantly children and large quantities of these patients have tracheotomies and may also be ventilated. You will cover the Milton Keynes area so do need be flexible to travel around this area. As this role is on the Bank staff, the shifts available are various and include days, nights and weekends. You may work fixed hours if available or ad hoc shifts to cover holidays, sickness for e.g. We ll ask your availability at the start of the recruitment process and let you know if we will likely have shifts that will suit you. You will be provided with the specific training and support that you need. Our practical training includes job shadowing a current member of the team to the patient s home to care for them and you ll discuss with your Manager when you feel ready to visit patients on your own.