Title: Home Manager Surrey
Webindex: 66601420
Description: Home Manager  Surrey Language: English (UK) Location Surrey Country: United Kingdom Organisation data: Connaught House Job number: RCS00421 Contract Type: Permanent Schedule Type: Full Time Work Hours 37.5 Hours per Week Job Summary The speed of our growth. The depth of our ambition. The exceptional development we offer our people. The incredible potential in our sector. They all make Care UK’s Residential Care Services a truly rewarding place to be. With **** Care Homes in the UK and counting, right now is an incredibly exciting time to join us as a Home Manager. We’re on the look out for dynamism, innovation and enthusiasm to match ours and the same attitude towards our residents’ rights to a life full of dignity and respect. And if you fit in, your impact will be recognized and rewarded accordingly. Responsible To Regional Director Key Responsibilities Home Managers at Care UK take responsibility for all aspects of the daytoday running of the Care Home in their charge and do everything they can to ensure they remain examples of the very best in our industry. This takes special qualities. They foster closeknit, passionate teams through exceptional managerial skills. They inspire our people to place fulfilling our residents’ lives at the heart of what we do through driving a real belief in the process of individual consultation. They thrive on the opportunity to ensure the Home’s present and future success using their own initiative and instinct and ensure its effective financial and commercial management. And in return, they get head office and regional support from a dynamic and hugely professional team, the chance to play a major part in a genuine success story and the opportunity to work for a business who are rapidly becoming the market experts in dementia. Qualifications Applicants will need to have experience of management within a care environment, RMA or working towards, RGN or RMN qualified (desirable) and also a passion for delivering quality care.