Title: Senior Medical Writer  Medical Education  London
Webindex: 72340078
Company: Fforde Management
Description: An exceptional role is now available for an experienced Medical Writer/ Senior Medical Writer to join a global medical communications agency in Central London. This fantastic medical communications agency is part of an established organisation, which is renowned for producing exceptional communication programmes which always have a strong impact on their audience. As a leading medical communication agency, they have built strong relationships with leading pharmaceutical and biotech companies, to help support healthcare professionals in their treatment decisions. Would look for a freelancer in the interim whilst searching for a perm. As the Medical Writer, you will produce high quality medical education and medical communication materials for the pharmaceutical industry, whilst ensuring that the projects meet the specification, budget and schedule. Using your scientific expertise; you will research, write and edit a wide range of materials including multimedia, posters, presentations and scientific abstracts. Your responsibilities will include you liaising with key contacts within the pharmaceutical industry, supporting the delivery of scientific meetings and coordinating materials from design to print. The successful candidate will be educated to degree level within a biomedical discipline and will have proven experience working as a Medical Writer or Senior Medical Writer within the healthcare or pharmaceutical industry. Furthermore, you should have excellent project management skills and a good understanding of the drug development progress and regulatory guidelines. In return, you will be offered a fantastic starting salary and benefits package. This is a great opportunity for an experience Medical Writer to work for a global organisation, and who are able to offer a superb working environment and endless career opportunities. Keywords: Medical Writer, London, Medical Writer, Medical Communications, Medical Writer, Medical Education, Medical Writer, Medical Writing, Medical Writer, South East, Medical Writer, UK, Medical Writing Jobs