Title: Residential Child Care Officer (Secure Unit)  Leeds
Webindex: 70474899
Company: SWIIS
Description: Residential Child Care Officer (Secure Unit) SWIIS urgently requires a Residential Child Care Officers to provide a healthy, stimulating, safe environment for both young people and staff in a Residential Care setting in the Leeds area. Why SWIIS? SWIIS is a provider of quality services, led by people who have extensive knowledge of the health and social care industry and the needs of the different sectors within which we work. SWIIS offers all workers full continuous professional training, dedicated consultant and 24 hour oncall support, and flexible working opportunities to meet individual workers’ requirements within their skill sectors. Benefits ******** per hour (dependent on the project). Free CRBs. Free mandatory and servicespecific training. Ongoing professional update maintenance. Excellent outofhours management support. Key Duties Engage in the effective delivery of residential care in accordance with company policies and procedures. Create a positive environment for each resident with particular regard to their safety, health and education. Form constructive relationships with residents and their families to ensure that a caring environment is maintained, that their emotional and physical needs are met, that ‘safe care’ standards are met, and that opportunities for development are maximised. Ensure that the young people’s views and wishes are sought and acted upon where appropriate. Plan, support and develop local initiatives designated to meet the needs of the young people. Undertake a ‘key worker’ role with young people as required. Ensure accurate records are maintained and reports produced. Essential requirements At least **** year of recent experience in a relevant field. Understanding and knowledge of the issues faced by service users. Commitment to the care and wellbeing of service users. Dedication to continued professional and personal development. NVQ Level 3 (or above) In Health & Social Care Current enhanced CRB. Demonstrate commitment to personal and professional development. Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. Must have experience in working with young people Desirable Car driver or a willingness to travel. Creative approach to empowering service users to achieve their goals. Able to work at short notice to meet the needs of the service provider. Apply now If you have the skills, attitude and experience to be successful in this role, we want to hear from you today. Please submit an uptodate CV detailing a full employment and study history. SWIIS is an Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. SWIIS is an equal opportunities employer. Due to the volume of applicants, if you have not received a response from us within 14 days, please assume that you have not been successful in your application. Terms and conditions apply.