Title: SALES REP  MEDICAL DEVICE
Webindex: 69012267
Company: Parkwalk Ltd
Description: Our client is looking for an individual with exceptional drive and commercial skills to develop their customer base in the UK. They are a new UK based company and are establishing a direct sales force to target the stroke dysphagia market. Job Title: Sales Representative Region: Two positions are available: one for the north of England and Scotland and one for SE and SW England Reporting To: Chief Commercial Officer (CCO) Purpose: To deliver an aggressive sales strategy aimed at increasing the company revenues in the NHS and private healthcare markets. Key Responsibilities: Drive sales by selling the clinical and cost benefits of a product range through sales presentations and product demonstrations in order to reduce clinical risk and provide better patient outcomes and cost effective options for your clients. Achievement of sales targets, raising awareness of the company s products and developing relationships with clinical experts in dysphagia. In conjunction with the CCO and the sales team ensure the achievement of challenging sales targets, construct sales forecasts and monitor and report on sales performance. Prepare annual territory budgets for sales and reforecasts as required. Execution of a robust sales strategy designed to maximize the potential of Phagenesis unique product offering now and under development. Develop key opinion leader and customer relationships and identify, analyse and implement new business opportunities. Develop Professionally promote our products/therapies to key specialists and healthcare professionals and work with the marketing team to ensure delivery of consistent message Establish Develop new accounts and support the launch of new products Actively seeks to develop and expand on technical knowledge and skills that position you as the expert in your product portfolio Deliver sales forecasts to maintain accurate and adequate stock levels Introduce prospective customers to company products through the use of site visits and meetings and design and deliver corporate presentations as required. Provide product guidance and negotiate pricing and terms with customers. Liaise effectively with the COO and others in the Phagenesis team to ensure customer needs are met in a timely manner. Produce regular sales activity reports and other information as required by the senior management team or board to assist with sales, financial and operational planning and inform future business direction. Provide timely feedback to CCO regarding performance Adhere to all company policies, procedures and business ethics codes Any other duties, within reason and capability, as determined by the CCO Essential experience Possess a Degree in science/nursing/business At least **** yrs sales experience in a sales driven environment in the medical devices industry Possess a positive attitude with willingness to learn Excellent interpersonal skills and proficiency in English (spoken Possess a valid driver s license Working beyond normal working hours and weekends will be required from time to time Desirable experience Experience of stroke, neurology or dysphagia markets Training others in the use of medical devices Experience of selling new products into new markets Forecasting and business planning Key Attributes Adaptable and able to quickly understand and demonstrate technical products Dedicated person with a strong results focus Energetic, enterprising attitude with excellent communication skills Willing to travel extensively in a field based role Handson in a fast moving environment and able to work with little supervision Must have previous experience with medical devices