Title: Medical Manager – South East  FMCG
Webindex: 71901084
Company: Paramount Recruitment
Description: Medical Manager – South East  FMCG A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an experienced Medical professional to be part of an international FMCG company in Surrey in the South East in England as their Medical Manager. This rapidly growing, fast moving and innovative company is a global world leader in the household, healthcare and personal care sectors, their main areas of expertise are research and development, marketing, supply chain, sales and information services. As the Medical Manager you will report directly to the Director of Regulatory and Medical Affairs and you will lead the Medical Information and Drug Safety teams and you will have the following responsibilities: Key Responsibilities: •Provide medical support and scientific expertise to internal and external customers in a business orientated way. •Work closely with external partners, contractors and licensees to ensure that medical and safety issues are properly managed and resolved. •Review and formulate department policies, guidelines and procedures. •Address medical and scientific questions from health care professionals, third parties (distribution partners, external sales forces, etc.) and patients. •Review regulatory texts (e.g. PIL, SPC) and advertising copy for medical content. •Provide Medical input to the development and maintenance of a network of key opinion leaders for the respective drug category (Analgesics, Upper Respiratory Tract, GI Tract, etc.) •Liaise with regulatory, professional and other bodies regarding issues affecting RB business (e.g. ABPI, PAGB, MHRA) •Conducting training of employees and contracted services in Pharmacovigilance requirements •Ensuring that drug safety is a positive asset for the Company in marketing our products successfully, and training the Sales Force for corresponding alertness. The role will require you to possess a Life Science degree and it would be preferable if you had an MSc or PhD. You should be registered with a Regulatory body and have experience within the OTC (Over the counter) and / or FMCG (fast moving consumer goods) or the Pharmaceutical Industry. You should have prior experience in a Medical and Drug Safety role as well as management experience. This is an exciting opportunity in a varied role within a rewarding, competitive, dynamic and career driven company offering excellent benefits including competitive salaries, a pension scheme, a generous holiday entitlement, private healthcare, a bonus scheme, a shares scheme and extensive training opportunities to suit individual needs. Key Words – Medical, Medical Manager, medical Affairs, Drug Safety, Pharmacovigilance, OTC, Pharmaceutical, Healthcare, Fast moving consumer goods, leadership, managing, supervisor, manager, team, category, FMCG, Surrey, South East, England. Paramount Recruitment Limited provides services as an agency and an employment business. We regularly have similar roles in this area. Please see our website for details or send your CV in to us to find out the latest opportunities.