Title: Health Economy Liaison Manager (HDM)  North West
Webindex: 70343974
Company: Apodi Ltd
Description: Market Access Manager / HDM / Health Economy Account Manager (6 month contract) Our client is a fast growing and successful multinational pharmaceutical company who specialise in Pain. We are currently recruiting for a field based Health Economy Liaison Manager (KAM) position in the following area: North West  Manchester, Liverpool, Wirral, Cumbria, Lancashire The aim of this position will be to address barriers to access for specific products and increase sales of existing products by identifying prescribers, influences and decision making groups that have an influence on current provision of healthcare. There will also be responsibility for creating and implementing innovative solutions to breaking down the barriers to prescribing. Overall Purpose of the Market Access Role  To fully understand the current provision of NHS healthcare (local, regional and national) and anticipate how this is likely to change in the future particularly at territory level.  To analyse local health needs and develop health services to meet these needs.  To develop solutions with key stakeholders to increase patient access to products.  Maximise product usage, formulary inclusions and formulary status within the CHPs (PCO s/PBCs) on territory.  Take responsibility for and actively involved in the development of account plans.  Work in close association with Cross Functional Team, through identification of key opportunities and key decision making groups within the territory.  Liaise with senior members of the PCO s, Health Authorities and PBCs to ensure patient access to products. Ideally, candidates will have  Previous experience within a KAM / HDM position  Excellent knowledge of NHS Policy  Excellent selling skills with emphasis on payer NHS focus  recent working knowledge of this customer group within the region  Proven evidence of creating and implementing programmes that have improved patient access to medicines  Strong key account skills and project management experience  Evidence of gaining formulary and guideline inclusion at hospital and PCO level.  Experience of communication to NHS payers, e.g. PCO s. Excellent salary and benefits package. Up to ****k plus benefits To register your interest in these positions, please select apply now or send your CV to applyapodi.co.uk or call the recruitment team on **** **** A referral bonus of **** will be awarded when you recommend someone to us who we then place. If this is not your ideal position then please call us to discuss other opportunities. Whilst we would like to reply individually to every application on some occasions it may not be possible to do this therefore if you have not heard from us within 7 days please assume you have not been successful on this occasion however, this does not exclude you from applying for any other relevant roles