Title: ONCOLOGY HOME IV THERAPY NURSE
Webindex: 50255351
Description: Clinical Participating in setting and maintaining standards of professional competence and current nursing practices in accordance with the NMC Code of Practice. Provision of excellent standards of patient care, through effective assessment, care planning and evaluation of patient/client needs. Ensuring that all relevant information regarding patients/ clients recorded, reported and, where necessary, acted upon to communicate any changes to the Consultant/GP and other team members as appropriate. Coordinating and ensuring that all aspects of care for assigned groups of clients are met, through the monitoring of follow up client visits, according to the care plan. Assisting the referring Consultant and hospital in planning a smooth transition of patient care from the hospital to the home. Participating in quality assurance initiatives, including team clinical supervision. Maintaining supplies (stock control) and ensuring equipment is maintained in good working order. Coordinating and managing his/her daily workload. Devising a plan of care (based on Orem's model of nursing) suitable to the clients needs. Educational Assisting with the planning of programmes of education both induction programmes and national study days. Attending and contributing to appropriate conferences, tutorials, study and induction days. Maintaining own professional profile in relation to PREP and attending post basic courses/study days as agreed with Healthcare at Home to fulfil NMC requirements. Assisting the Regional Manager with the induction of newly appointed staff and bank nurses. Performing client/carer training in self management of infusion therapies. Experience: RGN part **** of the NMC Register (RSCN where appropriate). Experience in an acute care setting/relevant ENB post registration. Experience in administration of chemotherapy (including vesicants) ENB 998 of C&G **** and/or teaching experience. Cannulation and phlebotomy skills are essential. Experience in the care of IV devices and administration of IV therapies. Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.