Title: Territory Manager Associate
Webindex: 71476187
Company: Applied Medical UK Limited
Description: APPLIED MEDICAL UK Ltd Applied Medical is a progressive medical device developer and manufacturer headquartered in Orange County, California, USA. We are a new generation, qualityfocused organization with the goal of providing exceptionally innovative surgical products that enhance procedures and patient outcomes both clinically and economically. Being devoted listeners, we address evolving clinical and economic needs through innovative practices and technology. We are a highly integrated developer, manufacturer and marketer of specialized devices for Minimally Invasive Surgery, Cardiovascular, Vascular, Urology and General Surgery. Our belief is that everyone can make a difference. The Applied team member is a creative problem solver who genuinely cares about the success of the entire organization. Applied s commitment is to create an environment in which the best people do their best work, and that means building an organization in which different opinions are respected and valued. Would you like to be part of this fast growing, dynamic and most innovative company in the medical device industry and are you looking for a challenging and outstanding career opportunity within an international environment? If you feel you possess the needed qualifications, we invite you to contact us For our UK Team we are looking for: TERRITORY MANAGER ASSOCIATE Job Description: The Territory Manager Associate is responsible for supporting the sales team with establishing and maintaining strong relationships with new and existing clients, providing a high level of support and service to accounts and meeting or exceeding quota expectations as established by product segment. You will work in the local sales team and report to the Regional Sales Manager. Key responsibilities:  Support sales teams with preparing presentations to doctors, practice staff and nurses in surgeries.  Support sales teams with organizing conferences for doctors and other medical staff.  Building and maintaining positive working relationships with medical staff and supporting administration staff.  Keeping detailed records of all contacts, which may involve database management.  Regularly attending company meetings, Product Training, presentations and briefings.  Keeping up with the latest clinical data supplied by the company and interpreting, presenting and discussing this data with health professionals during presentations.  Monitoring competitor activity and competitors products.  Keeping informed of new developments in National Health Service anticipating potential negative and positive impacts on the business.  Staying informed about the activities of health services in a particular area. Preferred Knowledge and skills required:  Degree Level Education.  One year experience in a field sales environment.  Excellent oral and written communication skills in English.  Needs good knowledge of MS office and Windows based computer applications. Competences  Customer focus and orientated  Inspires trust and has high sense of personal integrity  Highimpact communicator  Bottomline focus  Team player, developing constructive and cooperative working relationships throughout the organization.  Strives to always deliver high quality service  Continuous Learning What we offer  A challenging position within a fast growing, dynamic and innovative company in the medical device industry  Excellent remuneration package  Working in an international environment  Possibility to grow within the company  To be part of one of the fastest growing and most innovative companies in the medical device industry To Apply for this vacancy please click Apply Now or email your application letter and CV to: personneleuropeappliedmedical.com