Title: Social Worker | Access and Information Team | South London
Webindex: 70682144
Description: Social Worker | Access and Information Team | South London Our Client in South London requires a Social Worker to join their Adult Services team. You will be joining this front line team that is quality driven, working closely with colleagues to provide an efficient and high quality service. Due to the nature of this post, we can only accept applications from candidates with 2 years post qualifying social work experience within a similar role. The successful social worker will be responsible for  Raising awareness of Adult Safeguarding procedures and provisions  extensive experience of duty/intake work  manages cases involving safeguarding and other challenging issues  Investigating complex cases when directed. Benefits of the role  Outstanding payrate  Motivated team  Potential for overtime  Focused geographical area  Good transport links You MUST have  A social work degree (or equivalent social work qualification)  Registration as a social worker with the HCPC  At least 2 years' postqualifying social work experience in the UK  Eligibility to work in the UK  You must also be a car driver About Liquid Personnel Liquid Personnel is a specialist social work recruitment consultancy, supplying candidates for social work jobs throughout the UK. You will benefit from  Your own dedicated consultant, offering a personal, tailormade service.  Bespoke job searches to match your skills and requirements.  Experienced consultants with an indepth knowledge of the social work sector.  A wide range of social work jobs covering Local Authorities, NHS Trusts, Charities, Fostering Agencies, and more.  Extra earnings potential, with referral bonuses of up to ****  Access to exclusive discounts and savings via 'My Liquid Rewards'. Liquid Personnel Limited is acting as an employment business in relation to this vacancy Visit www.liquidpersonnel.com for more information. Liquid Personnel  It's who we know that matters.