Title: Weekend Care Workers required in York
Webindex: 46628717
Description: Care Workers needed In York Care Workers needed In York. Weekends available  mornings or evenings. Mornings start at 7am through to 2pm and evenings from 4pm to 10pm  times are approx as some runs finish earlier or start later Please find the description below for Care Workers needed In York. Bluebird Care are a quality home care provider in York. We have part time positions to cover weekends available in York and the surrounding villages. Applicants need to have their own transport – either a car or moped. Mileage is paid. Care visits start from half an hour upwards. Uniforms, gloves, aprons are provided JOB SPECIFICATION Essential Genuine care for others Good communication skills Ability to understand what the role entails Ability to follow instructions Desirable Experience in care provision. Own transport. Flexible availability. Key Competencies To be able to attend all Customer’s calls. To understand the importance of such calls. To be able to cope with emergency and difficult situations. To be able to communicate with other people. To be able to maintain high standards of care provision. Tasks (The role may involve some or all of the following. This is not intended as a complete list and is supplied for information only) Assist customers to get up, dressing and preparing them for their day Washing, bathing, showering, oral care, grooming. Toileting, assisting with use of commode, emptying commode. Continence management Using manual handling equipment as specified. Working with other care professionals such as District Nurses, GPs, etc. Assisting with prescribed medication Assist customers to go to bed, including undressing and washing Preparation of meals and assistance with feeding General household duties Bed making and laundry Shopping and supplies management To keep accurate records of care visits. Anyone who does not genuinely care about the welfare of other people will not be suitable for this job. Staff will be required to have an enhanced CRB Bluebird Care is an equal opportunities employer