Title: Physiotherapist  Disability Analyst
Webindex: 70764454
Company: Equal Approach Limited
Description: Our client has a team of more than **** people, of whom over **** are qualified medical professionals, they are a leading provider of occupational health, employee assistance programmes, primary care and capability assessment services. They make a positive difference to the health and wellbeing of some of the UK s largest organisations, delivering services that benefit over two million people each year. Their occupational health, counselling and screening services, enable employers to proactively promote employee wellbeing, reducing sickness absence and ensuring maximum workforce productivity. Roles involve undertaking functional medical assessments To undertake medical assessments and examinations required for the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) as part of a successful integrated team. To contribute to the commercial relationship between our client and the DWP at a local level, ensuring that targets are met in quality, productivity and customer satisfaction. To undertake a combination of filework and facetoface assessments of customers, in relation to a variety of benefits, and provide a report to the DWP. (Operating in the public health care sector: to undertake specific file work using Evidence Based Medicine (EBM) decision making and the assessment of disability and incapacity. Identify and refer cases to higher medical colleagues where appropriate). These assessments may be recorded. Full training is given to allow Disability Analysts to become specialists in the field of Disability Assessment. Hours of work are Monday to Friday, 37 hours per week during normal office hours, no weekend working and bank holidays are days off as standard. You will be field based, delivering a combination of file work and facetoface assessments of customers in relation to a variety of conditions on a domiciliary visit basis. It is essential that you hold full unconditional registration with the NMC and continuous professional development should be maintained in accordance with the requirements of your professional body. Successful applications will possess excellent clinical, communication, and IT skills from at least 3 years of broadbased, postregistration experience gained within clinical settings and be able to demonstrate the ability to work autonomously. Evidence of report writing and of working to specified goals and measures would be beneficial. If interested please forward your CV If you need to receive this information in an alternative format, please contact Equal Approach and we will take reasonable steps to arrange this for you. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and we actively encourage candidate applications from all sections of the community. The successful candidate may be required to undertake an Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau Check