Title: Care Leavers Support Worker  Nottingham
Webindex: 71614988
Company: New Lifestyles
Description: Job descriptionAn exciting opportunity has recently arisen to join a dynamic, professional and growing company with great progression prospects.Care and support is designed on an individual basis to meet the needs of the service user and to promote their independence.You will be dealing with young service users between the ages of ****  25 years old.Specifications:. Experience with working with young adults in a care or support role A passion for providing a high level of support and helping our service users become fully independent A minimum of NVQ level 2 in health and social work.LOOKING FOR ASAP STARTS FULL TIME  PART TIME AND FLEXIBLE HOURS OFFERED. Key Responsibilities Manage a caseload of between **** – 5 young people living semiindependently in the community; you will be responsible for managing your own workload and structuring support work sessions consistent with developing a young person’s independent living skills. Monitor the young person’s ability to engage with day to day living and develop skills where necessary, use your own experiences and expertise to promote the young person’s life chances. Work with your supervisor and young people to develop a structured program of support work sessions based upon the young person’s individual needs and focused on developing their selfreliance and maximising their potential. Promote safe, consistent and understandable boundaries with young people in conjunction with a ‘Young Person’s Agreement’ be consistent with and model the behaviours you expect of your young person. Encourage young person to access education, training or employment supporting any application process, working with local colleges and Connexions teams to identify the best opportunities for your young people. Encourage the young person to take an active part in the local community, building relationships and social networks by identifying enjoyable activities and opportunities within their community. Prepare detailed monthly progress reports regarding each young person’s progress, focusing on key areas of independence and action planned areas for development. To budget, prepare and administer weekly financial payments to the young people, keeping accurate records and receipts for each expenditure and keeping to budgeting deadlines. Work in partnership with other agencies and support the young people to attend meetings with other professionals. You will be required to attend preplacement and planning meetings; and attend LAC reviews ensuring all relevant paperwork is complete. You will be required to advocate for your young person and make representations consistent with our company aims and ethos. Carry out weekly Health and Safety inspections for each property encouraging the assistance of the young person. You must supervise record and report any repair work or damage to property to ensure it is kept to a high standard regardless of circumstance. Maintain confidentiality for young people and report any concerns regarding young person’s welfare to your supervisor and any relevant professionals, be familiar with Safeguarding principles and be able to recognise indicators for harm, neglect or abuse. Understand and be able to implement the policies and procedures of New Lifestyles, be consistent with your training objectives and our company ethos. Attend staff meetings and training sessions as and when required, play an active role and contribute to both planning and delivery of meetings and training. You will be expected to take part in structured supervision sessions at least once a month.We are fully committed to the promotion and progression of all of our staff and thus further training and staff development is actively encouraged.With a great supporting management team to support you and help you further yourself by training  what are you waiting for?Are you ready for a change?Can you step up to the challenge?TO START ASAPWOULD SUIT THOSE NEAR HUCKNALL OR BULWELL.Contact us on:jobsnewlifestyles.org.ukThe position is subject to an enhanced CRB check  this will need t met by the applicant