Title: Nurse : Cosmetic Surgery  Clinic Nurse Jobs in West Londo
Webindex: 67026976
Description: Cosmetic Surgery  Part time Clinic Nurse Job in West London 24 hours a week Competitive Salary Flame Health are currently working alongside a Market Leader specialising in Cosmetic Surgery to appoint a Clinic Nurse to join their established and dedicated team in London. A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an experienced, motivated and enthusiastic individual to take on this rewarding role, enabling this progressive and dynamic organisation to maintain their reputation for excellence. This exceptional opportunity would require the very best and as a result, the salary including benefits package and autonomous working environment are reflective of this. The Role As a clinic nurse, you will manage and maintain the standards of Nursing Care within the clinic and identify any areas of concern to the clinic manager. In addition, you will provide pre and post operative duties in line with the company's policies and procedures. You will complete an anaesthetic and pre operative health screening on patients for surgery, ensuring adequate time between screening and operating date for any additional information to be obtained if so required. Ensure that clinic consultation areas are ready for consultation days and that appropriate notes are available for review patients. You will have overall responsibility for the inventory, control and organisation of clinical equipment, nursing staff and nursing/surgical procedures undertaken within the clinic. The Person You must be a fully NMC Registered General Nurse ideally with post registration experience. You will have extensive experience of clinical duties, including venepuncture. Ideally you will be in a similar role. Your ability to communicate with a wide variety of people is also of high importance as is the mind set to be flexible, friendly, approachable and a team player. We are looking for registered nurses who are looking to develop their career within an exciting, professional and commercial environment. You must have the ability to demonstrate exceptional organizational, relationship building, communication and presentation skills. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Clinic Nurse Job Opportunities in the West London Region  Contact Flame Health on **** **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** **** alternatively email careersflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business Key words Healthcare, cosmetic Surgery, pre and post operative, venepuncture, nursing, surgical.