Title: Community Nurse IV Therapies West Midlands  Birmingham
Webindex: 71608965
Company: BUPA Home Healthcare
Description: You are a talented nurse with RGN experience and good management skills, adept at working with the medical needs of patients in their home setting.You enjoy variety and taking responsibility for yourself, work well with people and have a genuine empathy for your patients. Commercially astute, you have a real passion for care and are now looking for a more challenging and rewarding career.In this role, you will provide support, advice and coaching to team members to ensure the delivery of high quality care. You will take the lead in delivering medication and maintain high quality care documentation. Every day will be different, but you will make decisions, deliver care plans and really get to know the patients and their families and other healthcare professionals including PCT’s and other Commissioners of services. You will also be confident in reporting all activity, risks and issues to your line manager. You will be able to demonstrate your experience in the administration of IV antibiotics, TPN and of managing patients with central lines. You will have an acute ward or community nursing background, a current NMC registration and hold a full EU driving licence.You will cover the West Midlands area with some travel to the East Midlands so must be flexible to travel and be able to work flexible hours including weekends.With ever increasing demands on NHS resources, home healthcare is becoming an important alternative. Bupa Home Healthcare provides everything you need in professional care and expert management. We help you maintain the highest standards of patient service whilst achieving those vital performance targets. We will constantly develop your skills, provide supervised practice and a career path that will help you progress your career further. We can also help you gain recognised qualifications. The role carries an attractive salary and benefits package.We are also looking for Nurses to join our bank. You will be given full training and regular work will be available including evenings, nights and weekends.