Title: Nurse Managers  Substance Misuse
Webindex: 71111202
Company: Turning Point
Description: Nurse Managers Substance Misuse East Kent, Wiltshire Gloucestershire **** to **** You don t become the largest provider of drug and alcohol services in England and Wales by following convention. You do it by identifying the most effective solutions, delivering the right support at the right time, making services as accessible as possible and addressing the complex needs of Service Users in an integrated, coherent and highly responsive way. These are the strengths that have always set Turning Point apart and they continue to help us grow. So why not join our team as a Nurse Manager? These roles will use your clinical, leadership and organisational skills to the full. Providing clinical leadership of a team of nurses, you will work within a multidisciplinary community environment to deliver highquality, personcentred nursing interventions. You will not only supervise both clinical and nonclinical staff, you will collaborate with Primary Care, Social Support agencies and other external professional groups to maximise the quality of clinical interventions and ensure integrated care for Service Users. In fact, you will actively engage Service Users in developing effective support packages. You will also provide quality assurance through, clinical audits, and fostering a reflective learning environment. You will review assessments, referrals and all community interventions to help us achieve a safe and fully compliant working environment. Along with full NMC registration and an active PIN number, you will need experience of working with substance misuse Service Users. Proven ability to clinically manage and supervise NMP nurses is also essential. In addition, you will combine a good understanding of current legislation, firstclass interpersonal skills and a strong commitment to the Recovery Agenda. Add to that your flexibility and the credibility to lead by example, and we can promise you an opportunity that is challenging and rewarding in equal measure. We would consider supporting strong candidates with relocation costs. Ready to build on your professional success so far? Then discover more and apply today by visiting http://careers.turningpoint.co.uk/substancemisuse Please note: Vacancies to be confirmed across all counties pending TUPE.