Title: MOBILE SCREENING NURSE  Birmingham
Webindex: 69816156
Company: Team 24 Ltd
Description: To provide onsite health screening in a mobile screening unit in accordance with the mandated generic working practises and specific client Service Level Agreements. PURPOSE: To use products, systems and professional expertise to: •Deliver Occupational Health Services to meet client requirements •Using effective time management skills to ensure delivery timescales are met •Ensure that services provided meet the most current standards by participating in appropriate training •Working predominantly alone as part of a network of geographically dispersed professionals. •Providing Health Screening and other services to monitor the health of client workforces •Completing appropriate paperwork and using any relevant IT •Contact with customers will be face to face PRIORITIES: •Timely, efficient and professional delivery of all service •Maintenance of professional standards and knowledge •Effective liaison with administrative staff to maximise communication and efficiency •Contributing to Occupational Health’s improved business performance and market share by providing high quality and flexible screening programmes. You must have a Driving Licence for this position as you will be required to drive a Mobile unit. Please contact PeterTeam24 About us: Team24 is a healthcare recruitment specialist which provides healthcare workers for a wide range of temporary placements, from doctors to specialist nurses across the NHS and private sectors. We pride ourselves on providing an exceptional quality of service to all in the healthcare sector, including the NHS, GP Surgeries, Mental Health Institutions, Prisons, Charities, Community Nursing, Nursing Homes, Residential Homes and the Military. We supply Nurses, Care workers, GP’s, Consultants and Homecare, on a 24 hour basis depending on when you need work. We can do this on a Temporary, Fixed Term Contract or Permanent Basis, what ever you need, when ever you need it. We work throughout the UK, supporting clients when they need us and working in partnership with them to ensure that we supply the right member of staff for their needs. As a company we are growing on a weekly basis and have numerous opportunities available in various trusts and private organisations throughout the UK, if this role isn’t what you are looking for why not send you details to our recruitment team via email recruitersteam24.co.uk or visit our website at www.team24.co.uk Thank you for your interest. Team24 is an Equal Opportunity Employer