Title: Operating Theatre (Endoscopy) Practitioner  Oxford
Webindex: 67151786
Company: Medic International
Description: Our client is a leading UK provider of private healthcare in the UK and part of a national network of hospitals. We are seeking a motivated Endoscopy Practitioner to join their team. Supported by stateoftheart equipment this centre of excellence offers a high standard of acute and critical nursing care, within pleasant and comfortable surroundings. Successful applicants will enjoy career development and support from a strong management team, the opportunity to work alongside expert consultants and a multi disciplinary team of other healthcare specialists, access to a dedicated professional and personal development program and experience within a highly professional working environment. The benefits of working for this company include: •Free Private Medical cover •A minimum of 25 days annual leave from the start of employment •The opportunity to join their employer contributory Pension Scheme •Gym membership Duties of the post •To ensure the provision of a high standard of nursing care to patients attending for endoscopic procedures. •Ensure the patient is prepared prior to procedure. •Ensure all of the necessary equipment required for the procedure are ready. •Providing technical assistance during the procedures. •Assist in the effective and efficient running of endoscopy lists. •Ensure safe discharge of patients from the endoscopy Unit. •Assessing, planning, implementing and evaluating nursing care. A full job description is available upon request. Person requirements •Registered Nurse or Operating Department Practitioner with valid NMC/HPC registration (not requiring a period of supervised placement to complete registration) •Permission to undertake employment in the UK (not requiring ?workpermit? sponsorship) •Six months post registration experience in Endoscopy •Evidence of updating clinical skills/ knowledge and evidence of professional and personal development