Title: General Manager  Care Village  Birmingham
Webindex: 71608187
Company: Domus Recruitment
Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen to join and make a difference to a very reputable and established healthcare provider. This provider owns a number of elderly nursing and residential care villages within its organization. Are you an Accomplished nursing home manager looking for your next step up the career ladder? Or currently a successful Operations Manager within private healthcare? If so, a fantastic opportunity has arisen for a General Manager to run a 100bedded elderly service in the West Midlands area. A brief outline of responsibilities: Care Delivery  The General Manager is responsible for ensuring the highest standard of care is delivered to each resident within the community. Ensuring compliance with company policies, practices and procedures with regard to the standard of care is of paramount importance as is ensuring they are implemented correctly. Revenue  to ensure delivery of revenue streams, through maximisation of occupancy levels, rate and inventory management. Cost Control to ensure the effective delivery of the profit and loss account. This coupled with annual budget planning of both operating and capital investment requirements is key. Customer Focus  to ensure the community meets all external regulatory obligations (including, but not limited to, CQC, HSE, EHO), whilst achieving internal auditory requirements (including, but not limited to, customer engagement surveys and internal operations auditing). Proactive customer communication is essential in order that expectations are both managed and met. Team  to ensure continuous team improvement, leveraged through regular performance reviews, team development and succession planning. Ongoing day to day coaching at all levels is an essential skill required to deliver team member engagement. Compliance – to ensure compliance with CQC standards and the delivery of high quality of care within the community and to liaise effectively with CQC Inspectors, Neighbourhood Managers and the Area team. Nursing Home Manager  skills required: Proven Nursing Home Management experience. You will ideally be an RGN/RMN and committed to providing the highest care standards.Excellent clinical skills / practices.Could be perfect for an extremely strong Home Manager with multi Management experience Previously successful candidates have had a track record of success as a nursing home manager or multi site management before and be a qualified nurse. Candidates can expect a very competitive salary and to work for an already well–established provider with a great reputation.If you are interested in the above Operations Manager and possess a proven track record in the above areas, please call Marsha Barsky on **** **** **** quoting ref GM1012 or email your CV to marsha.barskydomusrecruitment.com