Title: Community Nurse  Critical Care Leeds / Skipton area x****
Webindex: 68825000
Company: Evolve Selection Limited
Description: Community Nurse  Critical Care Leeds/Skipton area x2 Our client delivers a range of diverse; clinically focused care packages to adults and children in the community. They are committed to a vision of improving quality of life and have built up a highly regarded reputation in this sector. Due to expansion; we are seeking 2 experienced nurses ideally with critical care experience; to deliver high quality care in the community within Skipton; Leeds. The role: The role is for 24 hour specialist care for a patient with critical care needs; so the role would possibly involve working both days and nights. You will be a qualified nurse with NMC registration. To demonstrate drive; initiative and flexibility in carrying out all the principal responsibilities to promote and maintain high standards of service delivery in the nursing; social; rehabilitation and domestic needs of the clients. Care Knowledge; experience; understanding and practical ability to meet the specialist and clinical needs of individuals including:  To assist in the assessment of health and social care needs of all potential clients to the service to ensure appropriate discharge arrangements.  To regularly monitor and review client care plans and care records to ensure the continuity of the clients care and treatments programmes. Customer Knowledge; experience; understanding and practical ability to communicate with external and internal customers including:  To work in collaboration with the client and their families; community nurses; health visitors; physiotherapists; occupational therapists; speech and language therapists; teachers; clinical psychologists; case managers and other health and social care professionals in client centred treatment programmes and care plans.  To ensure nursing practice in the packages is in accordance with the NMC Codes of Conducts. Culture and Communication Knowledge; experience; understanding and practical ability to work in collaboration with other people including:  To work with the team in the ongoing assessment and review of health and social care needs of all other clients.  To develop a consistent problem solving approach to all clients activities of daily living as part of the multidisciplinary team.  To attend staff meetings and client reviews where appropriate. Essential Skills and Abilities:  Registered Nurse  NVQ in Care (Level 2 or **** or willing to work towards)  Ability to work as part of a team  Ability to work without supervision  Shift and visit work including weekdays; weekends; sleep ins; wake nights; bank holidays; split shifts and evenings.  Numeracy and Literacy skills  Satisfactory Level of Verbal and written communication skills Interview Process 2 stage Salary  circa ****;**** (Dependent on experience)