Title: Allied Health Care Professional : Optometrists Jobs in the Melksham Area
Webindex: 68562041
Description: Flame Health Optometry  Optometrist Jobs in the Melksham Area Flame Health Optometry are currently recruiting for an experienced and selfmotivated Optometrist in the Melksham area to join one of the leading optical groups, which has a proven track record in developing and providing excellent career paths for individuals through their recognised training and development channels. The practice is complemented by a large and supportive team, which includes other resident Optometrists. The team will assist you in your optometric duties; they will complete the field screening and pressures of each patient for you. Within your consulting room you will discover the state of the art equipment and an airconditioned environment ensuring that you are as comfortable as possible. As an Optometrist you will be responsible for thorough eye examinations, contact lens assessments and aftercares and assisting colleagues when necessary to ensure the practice operates smoothly. You will be clinically sensitive to the needs of the patient, yet understand the commercial requirements of the business. You will be required to demonstrate your commercial understanding by making suitable recommendations in accordance to the patients' prescription within the consulting room, then relaying this information to the Dispensing Optician at the handover stage. It is vitally important that you have a flexible working attitude ensuring that the patient is always put first. In return you will receive a very competitive salary package, which has an additional location supplement. The group also runs a comprehensive benefits package, including pension and health schemes. To apply for this role you will be a qualified Optometrist, registered with the GOC. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Optometrist Job Opportunities in Melksham or the Wiltshire Region  Contact Flame Health Freephone on **** **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email optometryflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business