Title: Adult IV Specialist Nurse  Aylesbury
Webindex: 71615007
Company: Equal Approach
Description: Our client is a growing organisation that specialises in the provision of specialist care to patients in their own home. A position has arisen for an Adult IV Specialist Nurse to provide care to patients living within the Home Counties, parts of Hampshire and West London. If you live near the M4/M40 corridor (perhaps between Maidenhead and High Wycombe) that would be ideal as there is an expectation of travel across the regions. You will work as a skilled member of the nursing team, to provide a high standard of holistic patient centred care in the homecare environment (or other designated environment). To communicate effectively at all levels within the company and with external customers, patients and their families. To assist in the safe, effective and efficient management of patient caseload within allocated resources. The main responsibilities for this position include: To act as an advocate for the patient and family, providing them with information and support and directing them to the relevant support services where appropriate. To communicate complex and sensitive information effectively to patients, carers and other professionals involved in their care, overcoming any barriers to understanding and providing support during distressing or emotional events. To be competent in the administration of medication including under Patient Group Directives. Assist with ongoing education and training of patients and their families To be competent in the use of all relevant company IT systems Through excellent time management skills provide a flexible service that meets client needs In order to apply for this position you must be/have: Qualified Nurse (RN/RGN) with current NMC registration. Excellent IV and cannulation skills Confident working with these procedures in an autonomous nature, in sometimes challenging circumstances. You will need to possess excellent communication skills to build rapport with patients and develop good working relationships with the referral centres. As a Nurse, you must enjoy travel and be happy to work within a field based role This will require strong time management skills and disciplined administration ability. In addition to these attributes you will require the ability to work alone with confidence within the community and maintain a positive outlook, a desire to take ownership of problems and an ability to resolve issues as required. Equal Approach specialise in recruiting nurses and medical professionals and clinicians at all levels nationally for the commercial market. Equal Approach offers a variety of bespoke, national recruitment solutions to a portfolio of prestigious national clients. Please send your CV in application If you need to receive this information in an alternative format, please contact Equal Approach and we will take reasonable steps to arrange this for you. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and we actively encourage candidate applications from all sections of the community. The successful candidate may be required to undertake an Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau Check.