Title: Quality Regulatory Services Manager / Medical Devices
Webindex: 69933474
Company: X4 Group Ltd
Description: Position: Quality Coordinate customer and supplier quality and regulatory activities across sites. Provide site quality management teams with additional/specialist resource as appropriate, e.g. support for supplier and customer audits; supplier quality development programmes, product/process validation activities etc. Provide a quality/regulatory input at customer quality meetings. Conduct thorough, planned annual reviews of all active DMFs to ensure they reflect the current status of product specifications and process descriptions. Compile new Drug Master Files as required. Respond to requests from regulators for further information on DMF contents. Compile and issue Annual Reports to maintain active Drug Master Files. Compile and issue Letters of Authorisation and other related documents required to support customer regulatory filings. Develop and maintain a comprehensive and cohesive system of Regulatory Compliance Statements for products. Maintain existing GQS specifications for generic products (i.e. those for which customers do not issue their own specifications). Compile and issue new GQS specifications as required. Continually monitor industry sources of quality and regulatory information to ensure company remains fully appraised of developments affecting their products/markets. Essential Skills: Educated to at least Bachelor degree standard (or equivalent) in a relevant scientific or technical discipline. Fully fluent in English (both written and spoken). Willingness and ability to travel (primarily within Europe but occasionally further afield). Meticulous attention to detail (necessary for authorship of technical documents). Desirable Skills: Previous experience in preparing FDA document filings (DMFs, LOAs, ****k etc.). Additional qualifications/certifications (or equivalent experience) in quality disciplines. Previous experience in a pharmaceutical or medical device environment. Previous experience in developing and executing product/process validation programmes. Corporate membership of a relevant professional body (e.g. CQI, ASQ, IOM3). Lead auditor qualification for ISO 9001 QMS audits. Lead auditor qualification for ISO 15378 and/or PS**** GMP audits. Interviews are looking to be arranged from Monday 19th November therefore if this position is of interest you then please apply for this role via the X**** Group or call Lauren Harris on (Apply online only) for further details. Key Skills: Regulatory / Regulatory Affairs / RA / Medical Device / Pharmaceutical / Pharma / Packaging