Title: HCA  Private Hospital
Webindex: 72540253
Company: TTM Health Care
Description: Vacancy: Health Care Assistant Sector: Independent Hospital Location: Greater Manchester Hours: Full time, permanent Salary: 13,500 Shifts: Days, occasional night shifts Client Information: Our client is a world leader within health care services, offering a variety of procedures throughout their clinics, dental clinics, private hospitals and cosmetics centres in the UK. They pride themselves on providing their patients with state of the art facilities and most importantly first class patient care. Role: Reporting to the Lead Nurse you will assist and support the services and staff within the department, under the supervision and direction of a qualified member of the team and within the limits of competency and knowledge. Job Summery: Perform and undertake duties as directed on the role competencies within the level of NVQ training completed, following assessment by an appropriate member of qualified staff in conjunction with the assessment of patients dependency Report any patient condition changes, accidents or complaints relating to patients, visitors or staff according to the company policy Assist with admission, discharge and transfer of patients. Daily set up and checking of patient bed areas. Daily checking of equipment and consumables. Ensure hospital supplies are used efficiently and economically and that equipment is clean and cared for in a proper manner Skills / Experience Knowledge and experience within the health care environment Standard level of education Evidence of working in a team Professional and neat appearance If you are interested in applying for this role, please email your cv as soon as possible quoting reference CL/HCA. For a free and confidential discussion about this role, please call (Apply online only). TTM Health care is one of Ireland s most respected Health care Recruiters, specialising in the recruitment of Social Workers, Social Care Professionals, Psychologists, Pharmacists, and Doctors, Nursing staff, Allied Health, BioMedical Scientists and various other health professionals. TTM is the recognised and exclusive vendor to some of the largest Public and Private Health & Social Care Service providers across the UK. We have office networks in Ireland, UK, Poland, Portugal and Spain