Title: Qualified Social Workers  Barnsley
Webindex: 58229387
Company: SWIIS
Description: Qualified Social Workers SWIIS urgently requires qualified social workers to work within the South Yorkshire area, in both local authority and independent service roles. The posts will involve working with a variety of service users including children and their families within a range of environments including community projects. You will be responsible for your own caseload of clients and some cases will be complex. Why SWIIS? SWIIS is a provider of quality services, led by people who have extensive knowledge of the health and social care industry and the needs of the different sectors within which we work. SWIIS offers all workers full continuous professional training, dedicated consultant and 24 hour oncall support, and flexible working opportunities to meet individual workers’ requirements within their skill sectors. Details and Benefits ****  24 Free CRB. [NOT SCOTLAND] Free mandatory and servicespecific training. Ongoing professional update maintenance. Excellent outofhours management support. Essential requirements Current GSCC [SSSC IN SCOTLAND] registration. MA/BA in social work/DipSW. Minimum of 2 years’ recent practice experience. Ability to work in the UK without visa restrictions. Strong assessment and referral skills. Capacity to excel within a multidisciplinary team. Experience of managing a case load. Good understanding of UK practice and legislation. Current PVG. [SCOTLAND ONLY] Desirable Current enhanced CRB. [NOT SCOTLAND] Car driver. Apply now If you have the skills, attitude and experience to be successful in this role, we want to hear from you today. Please submit an uptodate CV detailing a full employment and study history. SWIIS is an Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. SWIIS is an equal opportunities employer. Due to the volume of applicants, if you have not received a response from us within 14 days, please assume that you have not been successful in your application. Terms and conditions apply.