Title: Home Environment Manager
Webindex: 68061372
Company: Green Care Management
Description: Home Environment Manager Shepperton, Middlesex **** per annum This nursing home for older people in Shepperton, Middlesex is currently recruiting for a Home Environment Manager As Home Environment Manager, your key duties will be to ensure that the home provides a homely and safe environment to all residents consistent with their dignity, well being and the principles of person centred care. You will also be responsible for ensuring the maintenance of a high quality of health and safety standards in the home and grounds. All duties: To ensure that all department staff, including the post holder, are trained within the requirements of current legislation and company policy and to ensure staff undertake all mandatory and internal training as required by company contract terms and conditions To coordinate and delegate work and review staff performance through supervision and appraisal of staff that report into the post holder To promote, monitor and maintain good practice and ensure that staff understand and adhere to company policies and procedures at all times To be responsible for the purchasing, through company preferred supplier all necessary goods and services within the allocated care budget To work flexible hours to cover early and late shifts to include one weekend in four To continually develop own skills and knowledge in own area of expertise and contribute to the development of staff To report and assist the manager in all issues relating to the job role, residents and staff To be involved with recruitment and retention. To provide Leadership to the staff and lead by example To participate in Home Management and other relevant meetings within the home Design, implement and manage the rota for housekeeping, handyperson and gardening staff. To actively seek feedback from residents as to their experience of the service. To manage, maintain and develop an environment and culture in the home that improves health and safety by being functionally responsible for both proactive and reactive health and safety systems to include: ? Risk assessment ? Reporting ? Environment ? Premises ? Monthly regulatory H S checks ? COSHH ? Fire systems To closely liaise with the Homes Manager on issues relating to health, safety and home environment To ensure the home provides a clean and tidy living environment To ensure that residents and homes laundry is laundered in accordance with residents needs and regulatory requirements. To liaise with company Group Quality Standards Manager Group Facilities Manager To prepare Health, safety and other reports, where necessary, including records required for the purpose of regulatory inspection To develop a high performing team to ensure good service delivery to company To undertake such other duties appropriate to the post and the needs of the organisation in order to develop and maintain service delivery. However the organisation will be mindful at all times to ensure these duties are not so onerous as to prevent the Home Environment Manager fulfilling their role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HomeEnvironmentManager_job****