Title: Foster Carer  Short / Long Term Carers Needed
Webindex: 69168012
Company: eRecruit Solutions Ltd
Description: Can you offer a safe and secure environment for a child or young person within your home? If you have experience of caring for young people, either as a parent yourself or workrelated experience, this could be the challenge you are looking for This organisation in Birmingham provides a safe and secure family home for children and young people in the care system. Established in 1980, they are one of the largest providers of specialist private education and care in the UK. Working with Foster Carers from all walks of life, their goal is to ensure that children are provided with the caring homes that they need. Their friendly, enthusiastic and dynamic fostering services team provide a high level of support and training for all its' carers too. Fostering is often a temporary solution with a large amount of fostered children returning to their own families. Children who cannot return home but still wish to stay in touch with their families often live in longterm foster care. TITLE: Foster Carer LOCATION: Birmingham SALARY: ****k****k  generous benefits BENEFITS: Tax allowances, holiday bonus To succeed in this role as a Foster Carer you will be expected to be involved in more than just looking after a child. As well as daily care you will be asked to:  Attend meetings regarding those in your care  Maintain written records  Promote contact with birth families  Manage confidential and sometime sensitive information  Undergo mandatory training The successful Foster Carer can look forward to an extremely rewarding and fulfilling career with full support from the organisation along the way. Young people in the care system can sometimes display challenging behaviours, so carers need to be both resilient and committed to the role. Please ensure your application includes answers to the following questions: Do you have spare bedrooms in your home? Do you have a full driving licence and access to a car? Are you willing to care for a child twentyfour/seven? If the details shown on your CV match our client's requirements, we will provide our client with your full details so that they can judge whether you may be suitable for the opportunity advertised. Your details, as submitted by you, will only be used in relation to this specific opportunity. By applying to this advert and submitting your CV and/or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. eRecruit Solutions is a flat fee online recruitment company, who actively recruit for the following roles: Child Care, Social Work, Foster Carer, Child Support, Social Care, Residential Carer, Youth Worker in Birmingham. Ref: TPG****B This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FosterCarerShortLongTermCarersNeeded_job****