Title: Deputy Care Home Manager  Nurse  Manchester
Webindex: 67151428
Company: Four Seasons Health Care
Description: Site or Unit : Oakland Care Home (Lancashire) Address : ****enyon Lane, Manchester, Lancashire, M40 ****DH Contracted Weekly Hours : 40 Oakland Care Home is a 53 bed purpose built care home providing a high standard of residential and nursing care. We also provide periods of respite care. Oakland employs **** staff members and every member of our team works hard to make sure that each resident is comfortable and well cared for. Oakland is situated in a residential area of Moston. Oakland Care Home is within walking distance of many local amentiies. The home has a warm and welcoming environment and is well maintained. As the Deputy Home Manager you have responsibility for assisting in the management of a business and a team. As part of the leadership team you will be responsible for ensuring the whole facility operates effectively and of course ensuring we deliver the very best quality care. So as a deputy manager what do you need to do to make this happen? Ensure the delivery of quality care  continually assessing our resident's needs and wishes and developing the service to enhance their quality of life. Assist the home manager – deputise in the overall management of the care home as required. Positively influence the reputation of the home  communicating professionally and warmly with visitors including family, friends and other external stakeholders. Play an active role in ensuring compliance within the home – managing the implementation of company policies and regulatory requirements; striving to achieve the best possible care rating and other external recognition of quality. Maintain clinical excellence – role models high standards of nursing care, ensuring legal, regulatory and best practice guidelines are followed. Support the financial effectiveness of the home – ensure the home operates within budget through effective use of resources and identify areas to improve efficiency. Take on an active leadership role – you will need to be a visible leader in the home supporting the operation of a twenty four hour business. Developing your people – oversee the induction of all new employees and participate in the training development of the team. People management – play an active part in the recruitment, assessment and supervision of the team. Support the manager in disciplinary proceeding as required.