Title: Account Manager Med Comms Advertising / Branding Lo
Webindex: 69010312
Company: Fforde Management
Description: My client is looking for an enthusiastic AM to join a busy account service team, working across multiple healthcare brands. Happy to also look at good people from an Medical Education or PR background. This AM role will suit a confident, enthusiastic candidate who is comfortable and capable of managing promotional projects both regionally and globally. The candidate would be working closely with the Account Director on their account portfolio and a strategic planner. The successful candidate would be experiences at AM level, and ready to take ownership and responsibility for delivering a wide variety of projects across multiple therapeutic areas in branding, print and digital. The role provides opportunity to build strong direct relationships with clients and be involved in several high profile accounts within the agency. In return, you will be offered a fantastic starting salary and benefits package. This is a great opportunity for an experience Account Manager to work for a global organisation, and who are able to offer a superb working environment and endless career opportunities. Fforde is acting as a recruitment agency/business. Fforde has been established since **** and has become one of the market leaders in Pharmaceutical Recruitment. As Pharmaceutical specialists our consultants are highly experienced and knowledgeable, proudly providing a professional and ethical service to candidates and clients. Fforde cares and goes the extra mile to ensure that professional candidates are deservedly matched to the best roles in the market. If you re looking for new roles but this opportunity doesn t quite match your requirements please contact us to discuss our latest vacancies with you. If you know someone that could be suitable and would be interested we offer a referral scheme on successful placement. Keywords: Account Manager, London, Senior Account executive, Medical Communications, Medical Education, Advertising, PR, South East, Med Comms