Title: Homecare Support Workers
Webindex: 52269383
Description: Homecare Support Worker Salary: ****  **** plus mileage allowance Location: Swindon and surrounding areas The Role: My clients are currently recruiting full and part time Homecare Support Workers to join their dedicated team to work in the Swindon and surrounding areas. As a Homecare Support Worker you will be required to support individuals with disabilities to actively live their lives to the full and you will need to be flexible, helpful, reliable and personal and offer a wide range of care and support to enable people to live as independently as possible in their own homes. You will be supporting clients with their personal care needs, shopping and meal preparation, encouraging them to be active within their community, accompany them to any appointments they may have and support clients with budgeting and managing the home. The Candidate: My clients are looking for caring individuals who want to make a difference to peoples' lives. You will be **** or over and need to be literate in English and be numerate, as you will be required to read and write Clients support plans, basic computer skills is also required. The successful person will ideally have experience of working in a care setting, however this isn't essential as full training is provided and you will be supported in gaining recognized qualifications in health and social care. This role will allow you to develop your existing skills as well as providing you with the opportunity to gain experience working with a diverse range of Clients and their needs. Due to the nature of the role, applicants must be versatile and able to work flexible shifts, early mornings, and evenings including weekends and bank holidays when required. A driving licence and own transport is essential as you will be working in a variety of locations in the local community. The Client: Our client is a large care provider of domiciliary care who has recently gained a number of care companies in the South West and South East area and now requires a number of Homecare Support workers to fulfil their contract requirements in the Swindon and surrounding areas. Successful applicants are subject to an Enhanced CRB Enclosure (this the clients will arrange) but the cost will need to be met by the applicant.