Title: RGN/RMN  Dorchester
Webindex: 70015098
Company: Team 24 Ltd
Description: To ensure the highest standards of care evaluating and reviewing the care plans in line with policy. • Participate fully in the overall care of the residents, enabling quality of life through effective direct and delegated care and service. • Take responsibility for the home in the absence of the Home Manager and/or Head of Care.  Evidence ongoing self development. Attend all statutory training sessions, and other training sessions both clinical and professional development sessions to comply with professional requirements, making certain that personal practice remains evidence based. A dementia care home you will be entitled to Holiday 5.6 weeks inclusive of bank holidays Pension scheme after successful probation Uniform Company sick pay after first year Weekly pay Loyalty bonus Must have previously been exposed to dementia Please apply to PeterTeam24 About us: Team24 is a healthcare recruitment specialist which provides healthcare workers for a wide range of temporary placements, from doctors to specialist nurses across the NHS and private sectors. We pride ourselves on providing an exceptional quality of service to all in the healthcare sector, including the NHS, GP Surgeries, Mental Health Institutions, Prisons, Charities, Community Nursing, Nursing Homes, Residential Homes and the Military. We supply Nurses, Care workers, GP’s, Consultants and Homecare, on a 24 hour basis depending on when you need work. We can do this on a Temporary, Fixed Term Contract or Permanent Basis, what ever you need, when ever you need it. We work throughout the UK, supporting clients when they need us and working in partnership with them to ensure that we supply the right member of staff for their needs. As a company we are growing on a weekly basis and have numerous opportunities available in various trusts and private organisations throughout the UK, if this role isn’t what you are looking for why not send you details to our recruitment team via email recruitersteam24.co.uk or visit our website at www.team24.co.uk Thank you for your interest. Team24 is an Equal Opportunity Employer