Title: Staff Nurse RGN / RMN
Webindex: 68062380
Company: Gainford Care Homes
Description: Established in 1995, Gainford Care Homes Limited has built a solid reputation for providing the highest quality of care and facilities to residents across the North East/North. We are currently looking for Registered Nurses (RGN or RMN) AIMS OF THE POST To assess care needs, develop programmes of care, implement and evaluate these using a selected model of nursing. Carry out all relevant forms of care with/without supervision as necessary. Provide leadership and supervise staff to maximum potential. To provide cover to 24 hour care by flexibility of duty patterns. Supervise staff at lower grades to their maximum potential. Assist in the maintenance of 24 hour care. OBJECTIVES OF THE POST Professional Ensure a high standard of nursing care is maintained at all times. Observe the U.K.C.C. Code of Professional Conduct, Home Policies/Procedures and the Statutory and Legal requirements. To be involved in the appraisal process and participate where required in staff appraisal of care assistants. Clinical/Practitioner Develop and monitor systems of individualised care planning and appropriate documentation.Ensure consultation and involvement of patients/residents and carers in stages of this where necessary. Assist in the development of all aspects related to a multidisciplinary team approach. Initiate, organise and participate in social activities where necessary and appropriate. Liaise with medical staff representing nursing team or allocated patient/resident groups in case conferences. Adhere to the procedure for administration of prescribed medicines/treatments, their storage and supply. Make positive efforts to maintain awareness of clinical development s and research based practiceseeking out new knowledge of nursing and health issues. Maintain a working environment conducive to job satisfaction, nurse education and good morale.Promote and encourage ideas of innovation/initiative in delivery of care. Supervise, demonstrate, instruct care assistants in their delivery of care, professional conduct and environment awareness, maintaining inservice training. Recognise situations that may be detrimental to health and safety individuals reporting concerns promptly where necessary to senior staff. Contribute to, and, provide flexibility of duty patterns to maintain 24 hour cover. Managerial Provide effective deployment of available resources. Provide information through nursing documentation and reports to aid assessment of individual care. Supervision introduction of agreed clinical and administrative procedures. Prompt reporting of serious accidents/incidents of abnormal occurrences to senior staff. Awareness and participation (when necessary) of stock control/ordering systems. To train staff in aspects of Fire, Health Safety etc. and ensure their adherence to these regulations at all times. This job specification should not be regarded as an exhaustive description of duties and may alter to reflect the changing needs of the service we provide. If you feel that you have the necessary skills to apply for this role then we look forward to hearing from you. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/StaffNurseRGNRMN_job****