Title: Team Leader  Cardiac Catheter Lab  Manchester
Webindex: 67285097
Company: Medic International
Description: Our client is a leading UK provider of private healthcare in the UK and part of a national network of hospitals. We are seeking an experienced Team Leader for their busy Cardiac Catheter Lab. Working with many of the country?s most experienced consultant Cardiac Physicians and other healthcare specialists our client delivers excellent medical and surgical care supported by stateoftheart equipment and a high standard of nursing care, within pleasant and comfortable surroundings. Successful applicants will benefit from; support from an experienced Management team, and the opportunity to work alongside expert consultants and a multi disciplinary team of other healthcare specialists. In addition, access to a dedicated professional and personal development program and experience within a highly professional working environment. Staff also enjoy the benefits of 25 days annual leave, pension benefits and private health insurance Duties of the post To lead the Clinical Team working within the Cardiac Catheter Lab and manage the nursing cover required for Interventional cardiology and Imaging procedures to deliver key performance targets in the areas of cardiology. Key relationships will include; Consultants, Nurses, Radiographers, Heads of Departments, Senior nurses and Critical Care staff. To have management, clinical and teaching responsibilities with the emphasis of the post always being to deliver the highest possible standard of care to patients. To work regularly on clinical shifts in Cardiac Catheter Lab and Imaging department leading a team of nominated staff. To provide leadership; supervision and development of junior staff ensuring standards of care are met. To participate in the teaching and development of staff as well as the day to day management of Cardiac Catheter Lab. A full job description is available upon request. Person requirements •Registered Nurse with full registration with the NMC (not requiring a period of supervised placement). •At least two years Cardiac Cath Lab experience, including experience in mentoring and motivation of staff. •Permission to undertake employment in the United Kingdom (not requiring workpermit sponsorship).