Title: Health & Social Care Assessor / London
Webindex: 72447115
Company: Wise People
Description: My Client is looking to recruit a number of Health Social Care Assessors in the London area. you must be willing to travel around the city to visit learners. Working with individual learners or small groups of learners to achieve QCF units towards Level 1 and 2 Certificates and/or Advanced Apprenticeships in Health and Social Care . Assessors will be supporting learners, planning and carrying out learning and assessment activities, using electronic and paper based portfolio processes. The Assessor will work in a small team and predominantly in a designated region. The assessor will also carry out some internal verification and work with some learners to achieve functional skills qualifications on an embedded basis. An Assessor will strictly adhere to the guidelines in accordance with SFA and prime contractor (where relevant) requirements policies and procedures. This is not an exhaustive list and an Assessor will be expected to carry out any other duties as may be specified by the line manager from time to time. This profile is noncontractual.Assessors work with Individual learners and Organisations to plan progress and achieve against various qualification frameworks, principally City Guilds in line with targets set and reviewed.  Assess and support a caseload of learners and apprentices in the workplace  Ensure that the principles of Ofsted are embedded into learning and that there is a timely completion of Qualification Credits Framework units.  Plan review and deliver relevant and individualised learning plans and portfolios  Provide advice and guidance according to the IAG framework and in line with learner needs, ensuring learners make informed decisions about courses and study they may wish to undertake and how they can achieve career goals. This may include support and advice around childcare arrangements, mock interviews and coaching for career progression.  Highlight and emphasise organisational input to ensure that appropriate opportunities are provided to learners  Encourage individual Employers to support the learning needs of staff.  Work closely with employers to ensure that they are kept fully up to date about the learners progress  Make regular contact with learners who have completed qualifications to provide ongoing support and capture career progression outcomes.  Delivery of training and providing input into the production of training material as required.  Using appropriate and innovative technology and online assessment methods to assess learners.  Minimise those not completing qualifications providing realistic and timely support to ensure upfront commitment and an awareness of the time investment required. It is essential that you have a PTTLS or equivalent qualifiaction, A1 or D****/**** Assessors award in Health Social care. At least 2 years experience assessing in this sector. Car driver. WISEpeople is a Resourcing provider, working on behalf of a Client. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. If you do not hear from us within 4 weeks your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HealthSocialCareAssessorLondon_job****