Title: Technical Sales  Product Specialist / Medical
Webindex: 69977161
Description: Due to significant growth plans my client, the world's largest suppliers to the health care industry is looking to acquire a Product Specialist to promote advanced Haematology equipment. DO NOT NEED TO HAVE A SALES BACKGROUND, BUT MUST HAVE HAEMATOLOGY EXPERIENCE My client offers a broad portfolio of performancedriven diagnostics solutions that provide more effective ways to assist in the diagnosis, monitoring and management of disease. Their products and services offer the right balance of science, technology and practicality across the healthcare continuum to provide healthcare professionals with the vital information they need to deliver better, more personalized healthcare to patients around the globe. Company Profile: Global Company, Multimillion turnover Product offering: Haematology Equipment Selling to: NHS /Laboratory Territory: Field Based role covering the the North of England & Scotland Ideal Location: Newcastle, Yorkshire Package: ****K  up to 25% Incentive Scheme  Company Car  Blue Chip Benefits Mission of role: The PASS Haematology is responsible for achieving the regional sales and profit targets for the Haematology Business Unit through promotion of BU products and platforms, identification and followup on sales opportunities. The PASS works with the regional sales team to execute the local sales strategy. The PASS drives the development of the customer specific technical solution and configuration and provides input into the bid documents for product and technical elements. The PASS works with the customer to optimise system performance and to maximize the benefits of using my clients systems. The PASS provides product and platform expertise and identifies training needs for the sales team. What are my responsibilities: Sales process Sales support Bid development Customer Interaction Reference Sites. Coordination of customer training What do I need to qualify for this job: Essential to have extensive experience in a Haematology laboratory (NHS Band 6 or above) or equivalent private sector role. Proven track record in successfully meet deadlines and performance targets  previous experience of working in a commercial environment would be an advantage. Excellent effective communication including presentation skills. Track record of delivering innovative and creative solutions. excellent networking skills. An intermediate level of knowledge of MS Office would be desirable. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Barclay Meade is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.