Title: Staff Nurse  RMN / RGN  Southampton
Webindex: 70016491
Company: Appoint Group
Description: Appoint Group vacancy Job Title –Staff Nurse RMN / RGN Location – Southampton (Hampshire) Salary  **** per hour Hours: Full time and Part Time hours available Contract type: Permanent Job Description – An exciting opportunity has arisen for a mental health nurse (RMN) or general nurse (RGN) to for one of the UK’s leading healthcare providers. The service itself is an elstablished 59 bedded specialist nursing home for residents aged **** and over with dementia. The service enjoys an excellent reputation for care quality and succeeds in offering an attentive, friendly and homely environment. Staff morale is very high. We are currently looking for a couple of nurses to work on a permanent basis. We have both full time and part time hours available. Shift patterns are flexible; we can offer either day shifts (flexible in terms of start and finish times but normally 7am – 7pm) or night shifts (7am – 7pm) or a mixture of both, depending of your preference. The home is situated in the centre of Southampton and has very easy access to Southampton Central train station, as well as bus services. The home is very convenient for many local facilities; shops, pubs, bars, restaurants, cinema, a library, a park/bowling green etc. To be considered for the role, the applicant must have a strong desire to work with elderly residents. Applicants must be confident in their ability to work both independently and within a multidisciplined team of care staff. Sound clinical knowledge and skills are also important, as well as good understanding of skin integrity and wound care. Our client offers an extensive benefits package that includes:  A comprehensive induction, structured training scheme and ongoing career development opportunities  A fantastic preceptorship programme for newly qualified nurses  Excellent work environments  Competitive salary rates based on experience, qualifications and skill  Sick pay  5.6 weeks of paid holiday per annum  Paid breaks  Lunch on shift  Contributory pension scheme  Competitive staff benefits such as weekly offers and discounts  Bonus payment (every year)  Staff discounts  Holiday of a life time scheme  Free uniform  Christmas present Applicants must be RMN or RGN trained and must hold a valid PIN. All applicants should be eligible to live and work in the UK without restriction. Strong communication skills are vital to succeed in this role, together with the ability to be a good team player. For more information regarding this vacancy, please contact Erin Banner on **** **** or send a copy of your CV to erin.bannerappointgroup.co.uk.