Title: Assisted Living Coordinator  Birmingham
Webindex: 70645306
Company: Domus Recruitment
Description: A highly reputable and professional nursing home provider is searching for an assisted living coordinator for its large elderly site in Solihull. This is a very exciting and fulfilling opportunity for a nursing home manager level candidate. Brief overview of role and responsibilities: Champions high standards of care across site Develops and facilitates Individual Service Plans (ISPs), Risk Assessments and Daily Assignment Sheets and monitors ongoing process and practice. Prior to ‘move in’, review residents’ files and schedule family meetings to discuss resident profiles – coordinates the health care needs with the team and ensures resident has current Individual Service Plan according to Sunrise policy and CQC guidelines. Ensures the right resources are in place to deliver quality care and meet residents’ needs. Manages the care assessment process to determine levels of care with the appropriate staffing levels in partnership with the Registered Manager and General Manager. Partners with other coordinators to ensure individual resident needs and preferences are met. Recognises changes to a resident’s wellbeing / condition and takes appropriate action. Communicates regularly with families, GPs and other multi agency professionals.The successful candidate will: Have a recent, successful track record of working in a nursing home as either a deputy or registered manager Be in possession of excellent and up to date knowledge of CQC regulations and all relevant legislation Be a qualified nurse  RGN or RMN if the candidate has excellent clinical nursing knowledge and has working in a general elderly nursing home previously. The successful candidate will be confident, experienced in working with the elderly and hold a full UK driving license. They must have excellent communication and leadership skills and act as a figurehead for the home.If you are interested in hearing more then please email your cv to marsha.barskydomusrecruitment.com or call **** ****