Title: Lead Nurse  Registered Mgr responsibility  Private Hospital  Manchester
Webindex: 67747047
Company: PULSE
Description: Position: Lead Nurse (Private Hospital) with Registered Manager responsibility Salary: Plus company benefits Location: ManchesterContract: Permanent, Full Time, 40 hours per week (mainly Monday – Friday) Client Description: My client is a private hospital, based centrally in Manchester and is owned by a large well recognised group. With its custombuilt, private medical facility they are committed to delivering high quality surgical, medical and nursing care. The hospital provides a variety of procedures from orthopaedic, general, endoscopy, gynae, ophthalmics and cosmetic surgery, which do not require an overnight stay in the hospital. Patients can recover from the comfort of their homes following a short period of observation within the contemporary and stylish recovery areas of the hospital. Role: We are looking for a talented and forward thinking Lead Nurse to manage a busy surgical ward and undertake the additional responsibility of Registered Manager. You will need to have a hands on approach, whilst also being able to delegate effectively and will share our dedicated approach to delivering exceptional patient care, safety and customer service. Managing a team of apprxomately 5 permanent nursing staff, **** bank staff and **** Health Care Assistants your role will be split into management and also working clinically on the ward. You will have full responsibility for CQC requirements, rota’s, staff appraisals etc. This busy unit is open 7 days per week, ****4 hours per day. Whilst it is expected this role will be predominantly a Monday to Friday role, you will be expected to cover the hours required to suit the needs of the business. Skills / Experience Ideally 5 years post registration experience with 2 of these at Senior level Experience of managing a team in a private hospital setting, although sound commercial knowledge from an NHS background will be considered. Experience of scheduling staff and surgery managing a busy surgical ward, in particular, Orthopaedics, Ophthalmology, General, Gynaecology, Cosmetics, IVF, Urology and Endoscopy. In depth knowledge of Clinical Governance and currently hold a Registered Manager position or have a clear understanding of NMC and CQC requirements and the aptitude and desire for personal development, to take on this responsibility. Closing date 10th Dec 2012 About Pulse: PULSE recruits health and social care professionals for temporary and permanent jobs in the UK and abroad. We are the UK’s leading independent provider of healthcare bank staff management services and also provide all kinds of specialist care packages in the home and in the community. We’re an approved supplier to the NHS and we hold contracts with NHS trusts, private hospitals, social service departments and local authorities nationwide. We also work with hospitals in Australia, New Zealand and the Middle East. If you are interested in applying for this role, please email your cv to Melina.Boltonpulsejobs.com or call **** **** ****