Title: Registered General Nurse (RGN) x****
Webindex: 68063521
Company: MCL Recruitment
Description: Our client based in area of Southport specializing in nursing care is looking at the moment for ****x RGN to join their team. One RGN position will be based on **** hrs per week Second position will be based on 12 hrs per week Job Purpose : To provide high quality nursing care and to assist in identifying and addressing the health and social care of a wide variety of residents. Ensure that the care and support provided is delivered efficiently and in a manner that at all times upholds the organisations value, whilst maintaining that the residents needs are met and exceed the national minimum standards. Key Objectives:  To provide a high standard of direct nursing care to residents based on the assessment of care needs and in consultation with residents, their relatives and the care team.  To continuously evaluate the quality of care given and regularly reassess the needs of residents in consultation with residents, their relatives and the care team, and to effect change required to achieve planned goals.  To act as a visible and positive role model by ensuring that the organisations values are translated into practice and that all relevant legislative requirements are adhered to in order to safeguard the health, safety and wellbeing of residents, visitors and team members.  To administer and order medicines in accordance with NMC guidelines and organisations policies and procedures.  Liaising with GPs, chiropodists, occupational therapists, physiotherapists and other members of the wider care team.  To keep next of kin informed of significant changes in a residents condition.  Care planning and implementation of care plans ensuring that these reflect the needs and wishes of the residents such as religious, cultural, emotional and psychological.  Ensure that the assessments of a residents needs for nursing care and support promotes independence, choice and positive risk taking.  Ensure that appropriate records are maintained in accordance with CQC and organisation requirements.  Develop and maintain positive and effective relationships with residents, team members, visitors and other external professionals to support the delivery and development of quality services that meet the needs of the residents.  To attend and participate in relevant staff meetings.  Undertake learning and development training that has a legal or organisational requirement to maintain competence and enhance the service provided to residents.  Recognise the limits of own competency and professional boundaries and make appropriate and timely referrals to other specialists, professionals and agencies to ensure the residents health and social needs are met.  Any other duties as appropriate. Must be fully qualified and preferable with experience. However training will be provided. Both posts are permanent and the interviews will be scheduled as soon as possible. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegisteredGeneralNurseRGNx2_job****