Title: Clinical Lead  Antrim
Webindex: 69617997
Company: Four Seasons Health Care
Description: Site or Unit : Antrim Care Home Address : 88 Milltown Road Antrim County Antrim BT**** ****JJ Contracted Weekly Hours : **** Antrim Care Home is situated on a main bus route close to local amenities, including a large retail outlet, cinema, supermarkets etc. We have car parking facilities. Antrim Care Home is in beautiful rural setting. We feel we provide a friendly 'home from home' environment with our welcoming team. As a Clinical Lead Nurse you have responsibility for leading a team of nursing staff to ensure the delivery of an excellent standard of care, which promotes independence and dignity and positively enhances the lives of individuals in our care. So as a clinical lead nurse, what do you need to do to make this happen? Ensure the delivery of quality care  continually assessing our residents' needs and wishes, developing the service to enhance their quality of life. Champion independence and personal choice – develop, review and update care plans to meet our clients changing physical, social and psychological needs. Build the positive reputation of the home and unit – liaise professionally with visitors, including family, friends and other external stakeholders. Ensure compliance with all legal, regulatory and best practice guidelines – risks are proactively managed and issues identified, investigated and resolved. Oversee all aspects of medicine management – ensuring medicines are appropriately received, stored and administered to our clients. Conduct care audits – monitor standards of care and take corrective action where appropriate. Promote high standards of nursing care for you and your team, actively seeking ways to improve levels of service. Take an active role in training for the team of nurses, working in conjunction with the training resources of the company to ensure that nursing staff are kept up to date with current practices and research led developments. Take a leadership role for your team – ensuring all staff are supervised appropriately and rotas are in place to enable the smooth, efficient running of the business. Take an active role in the development of yourself and others – ensure that the team's skill and knowledge levels are able to meet the changing needs of the business.