Title: Registered Nurse in New Malden
Webindex: 69995933
Company: BUPA CARE SERVICES
Description: About the role You will be responsible for maintaining the highest standards of care and clinical excellence Leading a team, you’ll develop, implement and evaluate individualised care plans, ensuring the physical, emotional and social needs of our residents are met Other key duties will include delivering hands on nursing, safe administration of drugs, maintaining accurate records, complying to policies, procedures and guidelines of the company and governing bodies Working alongside a multidisciplinary team, you will really get to know our residents and their families, promoting independence, choice, dignity and respect You will motivate and mentor your team, delivering teaching sessions and guiding the professional development of junior colleagues. Who we’re looking for As a Level 1 Registered Nurse with a valid NMC PIN Number, you will not only have a genuine passion for elderly care, but you’ll also understand the importance of the right things done well. What’s in it for you? Free uniform Comprehensive induction and ongoing training and development Pension and life assurance scheme available Competitive staff benefits such as weekly offers and discounts About the Home Lynton Hall Nursing Centre is a former convent, situated in a quiet residential area on the outskirts of New Malden, in Surrey. Recently undergoing an extensive refurbishment has allowed Lynton Hall to provide the highest quality of elderly care. Who we are Bupa Care Homes provides expert nursing, dementia, residential and specialist care to almost **** people in over **** UK homes. Our purpose is to help people live longer, healthier, happier lives. Passionate about making lives better, every decision we make is because we care. It’s why we inspire and support our nurses to put our residents’ wellbeing at the heart of everything they do. Be the nurse you want to be. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegisteredNurseinNewMalden_job****