Title: Assistant Technical Officer
Webindex: 68718655
Company: NHS Grampian
Description: Normal working hours for this post would be Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday mornings. However, hours may include Saturday, evenings or Public Holiday working depending on the needs of the Service. We are looking for a motivated and flexible person who will be able to work confidently within our multidisciplinary team at Woodend Radiology Department. The tasks involved are varied and include the provision of high quality patient care within the clinical areas and associated image administration tasks. Employer details: NHS Grampian, which is one of the **** principal Health Boards in Scotland, provides healthcare services to the northeast of the country, covering the local government areas administered by Aberdeen, Aberdeenshire and Morayshire Councils. We employ around **** staff who deliver our services to half a million people spread across **** square miles of city, town, village and rural communities. We have extremely close links to the University of Aberdeen (with its internationally renowned Medical School and Dental School) and Robert Gordon University. These close links have made us a centre of pioneering medical research in a number of fields. Aberdeen, as a major Scottish city, is where most of our hospitals are located. Elgin in Moray, is the site of Dr Gray’s and the principal General hospital is in the west of Grampian. In addition, there are a further **** Community Hospitals, situated in each of the main towns. As an employer, we take great care to ensure that all staff have a safe, happy and professional environment in which to work. Clear policies, covering everything from Dignity at Work to Leave for Domestic, Personal and Family reasons  as well as a comprehensive Occupational Health Service  give our staff confidence and security. We are a listening, caring and people focused organisation. As a diverse and welcoming employer our employment practices are both flexible and familyfriendly. In our approach we aim to be innovative and professional. We are proud of our heritage, proud of our area, history and traditions, and proud of the service we provide to the people of NorthEast Scotland.