Title: Field Care Supervisor (20 hours per week)
Webindex: 64805988
Description: Saga Homecare is one of the UK's leading providers of domiciliary care and healthcare staffing services and right now an opportunity has arisen for a Field Care Supervisor to join our team in Winchester The successful applicant will be responsible for the ongoing field supervision of domiciliary and continuing healthcare support workers and will ensure that patient or service user requirements are met whilst maintaining compliance of care and nursing standards in accordance with AHG and Local Authority policies and procedures. You will be required to provide daytoday support to the Operational Network, assisting with the assessment, set up and review of health and social care packages, and you will be required to ensure that a skilled workforce is in place and they are able to deliver safe quality care to all clients. As the Field Care Supervisor your responsibilities will include: Ensuring that the client receives the appropriate care package and that continuity of care is a priority. Providing telephone support to clients and care staff and where necessary, to work as a “hands on” carer in setting up the packages in the initial few weeks. Complete the Risk Assessments and care plans for domiciliary packages as well as the Non Case Managed & Level 1 Continuing Healthcare packages Checking and supervising care workers competence at delivery of medication to clients and practical application of Manual Handling techniques.  Work shift patterns / unsocial hours as per the clinical needs of the packages You must possess a minimum of NVQ Level 2 in Health and Social Care and will be working towards NVQ Level 3 or **** or equivalent. You must demonstrate commitment to working within a team and have a flexible approach to working hours and practices. This role will involve an element of oncall duties. Allied Healthcare Group / Saga Homecare (delete where applicable) is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, adults and young people and expects all staff to share this commitment. We are an equal opportunities employer and are regulated by the CQC.