Title: Hospital Manager  Durham  Durham
Webindex: 68310360
Company: Your World Recruitment
Description: Your World Healthcare is looking for a Hospital Manager to take overall responsibility for the operational and clinical management of the Hospital and the general wellbeing of the Clients and Staff in Durham.The post holder will provide leadership, direction and supervision to all staff. They are to ensure that the environment remains safe and therapeutic for all those who use and work in the service. They are responsible for the effective use of resources and for monitoring and managing sickness. They must manage the budget for the facility, remaining within set budget limits. They are responsible for ensuring effective communications within the Multidisciplinary Team and must act as a positive role model at all times. They will be expected to achieve a high level of staff moral and be fundamental in developing the service. The post holder will be responsible for implementing and evaluating agreed systems of clinical supervision and support aimed at the continual professional development of the nursing team, including education and training initiatives. Requirements: Minimum 3 years post registration experience or evidence of the same.  Experience in acute, rehabilitation or forensic psychiatry.  Previous management / supervisory experience  Evidence of functioning in a substantive role as a clinician in a mental health setting within a multi disciplinary team.  Evidence of Post Registration Development.  Evidence of managing a team within a Private Facility.  Forensic and/or secure experience. Team management skills including appraisal, disciplinary and grievance.  Proven ability and experience to manage and resolve crisis and conflict within the workplace.  Evidence of highly developed skills in the assessment, planning, implementation and evaluation of multi disciplinary programmes of care for the patients group.  RMN (with current PIN). Accredited Training Courses.  Full car driving licence.  ENB 998 or equivalent Managerial Qualification/knowledge.  Relevant Diploma / Degree.  Management qualifications. For further information and a job description please contact Zuzana at Zuzana.Lapinovaywhealthcare.com