Title: Dental : Dental Nurses Jobs in SouthEast Birmingham/ Warwi
Webindex: 71353591
Description: Flame Health Dentistry Jobs  Dental Nurse Job in SouthEastBirmingham, WestMidlands, Warwickshire, Solihull, Warwick & Coventry. Flame Health Dentistry are currently exclusively recruiting a Dental Nurse for this modern private practice in SouthEast Birmingham. The candidate should have experience of working on the installation of care and infection control procedures. They will need to be GDC registered and hold the NVQ or National Certificate in Dental Nursing as well as the dental radiography qualification. Stock control and surgery upkeep will be essential. At least 3 years experience as a qualified nurse is ideal providing control and monitoring of all lab work. Salary is negotiable depending on experience. The candidate will need to have strong relationship building skills both internally and externally and have a proactive approach. Good written and oral communication skills are essential as is computer literacy. Familiarity with SOE Exact software would be advantageous. You will be one of two support staff at the practice, so must be confident with this responsibilty and able to work unsupervised. Hours are Monday to Friday 95pm. The ideal candidate would also have implant & ortho experience, although training could be provided. Practice details: Fully private surgery in the centre of this small town, on the edge of Birmingham. It is offering high end cosmetic dentistry, including dental implants, orthodontics and IV sedation services. Surgery Duties:  Maintain a high standard of cleanliness throughout  Particular attention should be paid to sterilisation of instruments  Use all equipment and machinery in accordance with manufacturers' recommendations and ensure that they are maintained regularly and in good working order Patient Services:  To take allreasonable measures to ensure patient comfort  Assist the dentist both at chair side and in planning appointments to avoid delaying both patients and dentists  Accurately complete patient clinical records as directed Liaise with reception to ensure smooth patient communications and transfer of records  Maintain patient confidentiality Other Duties:  Be familiar and comply with all health and safety rules and guidance, including PPE, COSHH, mercury handling, infection control, waste disposal, xrays, resuscitation, emergency procedures and fire drill  Attend refresher and update training for medical emergencies and CPR or other training to develop skills and abilities  Attend and participate in practice meetings  Act in accordance with the practice rules and code of conduct. To apply you will need to be GDC registered. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Dental Nurse Job Opportunities in The West Midlands / Warwickshire Region  Contact Flame Health freephone on **** **** or if calling from amobile on **** **** alternatively email dentistryflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business.