Title: Account Manager  Cardiovascular and Pain
Webindex: 71713197
Company: Chemistree Solutions Limited
Description: Therapy Area: Rheumatology (or NSAID pain), Cardiovascular, Migraine Package: Negotiable basic salary around **** car, pension scheme, private health and dental scheme, bonus, incentives, 25 days holiday. Territory: Cambridge, Peterborough and West Norfolk Our client is privately owned European pharmaceutical company, with an annual turnover of over EUR**** billion and over **** employees worldwide. The company pursues two strategic objectives: research and internationalisation. Both activities enable innovative products to be introduced successfully to the satisfaction of patients throughout the world. As an Account Manager you will take 100% responsibility for the sales of your products across your territory. Key customer groups will include GPs, Nurses, Pharmacists, Hospital Doctors and other key healthcare professionals which emerge across the changing NHS including Clinical Commissioning Groups. You will also be responsible for the key secondary care accounts across this territory. Your key products have positive NICE guidance and are in the early phase of product life cycle, this combined with the fact that they are breakthrough products designed to address high unmet clinical need means there is plenty of growth opportunity for sales. Disease areas include Gout and Migraine which are particularly painful and common conditions as well as Cardiology and the specific area of Angina. This is a great opportunity for a pharmaceutical sales representative who is looking for a permanent headcount role and wants the responsibility for both primary and secondary care. Successful applicants must have outstanding communication skills and a proven track record of success in pharmaceutical or medical sales. You will also be able to demonstrate an understanding of the key principles of account management. Above all you will demonstrate tenacity, drive, energy and enthusiasm. The Person/Experience: Science graduate/graduate calibre with at least two years pharmaceutical selling experience, ABPI Qualification preferred, proven track record of achievement and improved personal and business performance, strong communication and presentation skills, confident, quick thinking, responsive and solution oriented, strong work ethic and high levels of resilience, high levels of integrity and honesty, full UK driving licence, computer literate. Successful candidate will have a working knowledge and experience of selling across the defined geographical area.ABPI. To Apply If you are suitable for this position please attach your CV. Alternatively call Nigel Crabtree on **** **** Chemistree Solutions Ltd is a pharmaceutical and healthcare recruitment specialist. Simplistically the aim of Chemistree is to gain access to the very best candidates and to specifically match their needs to the needs of the client. The primary focus of Chemistree is the challenge of sourcing great talent. We believe that successful recruitment lies at the heart of business success. Keywords Medical Sales Representative, Pharmaceutical Sales Representative, Sales Representative, Sales, Representative, Account Manager, Business Manager, Innovative, Ambition, Successful, Leading, Focused, Forward Thinking, Enterprising, Teamwork, Selling Skills, Commercial, Account Management, Healthcare Development Manager, Hospital Specialist, Integrated Healthcare Specialist, NHS Liaison Manager