Title: Rehabilitation Assistant (HCA)  Basildon
Webindex: 68310399
Company: Team 24 Ltd
Description: A Health Care and Rehabilitation Assistant is required for the Basildon area (Essex); this is a community based role in support of physiotherapy and nursing staff. The employer is a high profile provider of acute hospital at home nursing and physiotherapy services to adult patients. This presents a superb opportunity to take up a position in a leading organization, as proven by their current 95% staff retention rate. The role will involve assisting the nursing and physio staff in their care of patients with a diverse range of conditions; focused on their successful rehabilitation to full health. This is quite 'hands on’, working extensively across the community in and around Basildon; with further duties including: assess patient comfort and condition, informing registered nurses of any changes; undertake initial nursing assessments under the supervision of the nursing team; perform and record clinical observations of patients and have an awareness of their relevance. Undertake minor dressings and treatments whilst under the supervision of a registered nurse. Maintain accurate, legible and legally substantive records of care and assessment undertaken. The role will also entail the provision of support to clinical staff to facilitate the delivery of patient care; this will include supporting, coordinating and undertaking the full range of administrative tasks. The role is focused on rehabilitation assistance, therefore the successful candidate will (ideally) have experience in rehabilitation, or be willing to train and develop in the role. The right candidate will hold an NVQ**** in Healthcare or have equivalent experience. Desirable experience will include NHS settings of two or more years duration. Given the community nature of the role, you will need to own your own car and be prepared to drive within Basildon, Essex for the role. Mileage and parking costs are paid. Interviews are to be held over the coming weeks, so do apply ASAP to grab this great opportunity. To apply for this superb opportunity, please contact Ross Taylor on **** **** **** or rossteam24.co.uk