Title: Senior Staff Nurse – Surgical Wards  Adults  Farnham
Webindex: 70264899
Company: JP Recruitment Ltd
Description: Role – Senior Staff Nurse – Surgical Wards  AdultsHours – 22.5hrs per weekLocation – SurreySalary – ****ph Job PurposeTo provide exemplary planned care for patients and assist in the management and organisation of care provision in a variety of hospital settings. To ensure the team delivers effective patient care by providing appropriate clinical and managerial leadership in the absence of the Ward Manager/ Sister. Overall Responsibilities Develop practice in the assessment of health and well being needs. Develop practice in addressing individual’s health and well being needs. Provide and receive complex, sensitive or contentious information. Develop knowledge and practice in an area of work. Assist in developing a working environment and culture that actively improves health, safety and security. Assist in the development and improvement of services. Improve quality. Support and enable equality, diversity and rights. Under line manager supervision, lead others in the development of knowledge, ideas and work practices. Under line manager supervision, plan, allocate, assess and provide feedback to team members. Maintain and support the use of efficient use of physical and financial resources. Acknowledge the risk of Healthcare Associated Infections (HCAI) and understand own responsibility as agreed with line manager in the prevention and control of HCAI. Person ProfileQualifications and Training Registered Nurse Supervisory/Management qualification Post registration qualification in clinical specialism Experience Working with minimal supervision and supporting a team Working as a practitioner in and across multi disciplinary teams Experience of applying clinical reasoning skills to a range of complex and varied patient case mixes Share evidence based practices with colleagues to enhance service and standards Knowledge and Technical Ability Competence across a range of nursing skills supported by professional and clinical knowledge Possess the mandatory training requirements for role including infection control and health and safety competencies. Possess Equipment and Medical Devices Competences Continuing professional development. Trained on MS Office and other relevant packages Demonstrate principles of accountable practice Teaching skills Keeps abreast of developments in own specialism Maximising people and financial resources whilst maintaining a safe clinical environment Professional assessor Auditing skills across clinical standards and departments English language to IELTS **** Behaviours Caring for others Team working Flexible and adaptable Initiative and ownership Pride and enthusiasm Other Nursing and Midwifery Council registration and regulation Willing to participate in flexible working pattern Empathy for vulnerable and sick patients Empathy for principles and importance of EO and dignity at work Flexible work processes For more information please contact Holly Brace at JP Recruit on **** **** or **** **** **** alternatively please submit your CV to hollyjprec.co.uk