Title: Pharmaceutical Production Planner / Buyer
Webindex: 70763756
Company: Quality Start
Description: Pharmaceutical Production Planner / Buyer East Sussex Opportunity: If you are currently working within the pharmaceutical or regulated industry in a production planning / buying role looking for a new opportunity on a temporary basis for 6 months then this is the role for you. Your role as a Production Planner / Buyer working for a leading pharmaceutical manufacturing company will involve dealing with the whole of the production planning cycle i.e. from raw material ordering, production planning to release of finished product to customers (i.e. dealing with external logistics company). The role will have a focus on the here and now but also be able to react to change. You will work to agreed customer requirements within an MHRA environment as well as relevant quality standards such as GMP and ISO 9001. You will liaise with a wide variety of internal and external stakeholders to obtain buy in to schedule and communicate the plan and associated changes to all levels of the organization. You will buy and place purchase orders as well as drive performance improvements. The planning system used is Microsoft AX (but an old version  ****) sometimes known as Axapta or Dynamics. You will present key data, review stocks and respond to changes in demand and drive resolution of capacity constraints to manage inventory levels. You will also influence and participate in Site and Global Supply Chain initiatives. This is a 6 months temporary contract paying an annual salary of **** to **** per annum and will be prorated for the duration of the contract. Skills: To apply for the role of Pharmaceutical Production Planner / Buyer you will have eexperience in a pharmaceutical MHRA / FDA GMP regulated environment but open to other industries. An understanding of Supply Chain and Quality systems is required as well as Microsoft AX / Axapta, Dynamics or SAP (ideally). How to Apply: If this sounds like the role for you or a colleague then please don t hesitate to contact us. Quality Start will offer **** to anyone who successfully recommends a candidate who is subsequently employed by our client. To apply for this one of opportunity, please send your CV to me now or call (Apply online only) for a confidential chat. For a list of our current vacancies, please visit our website. If you do not hear from Quality Start within 2 weeks your CV has not been short listed for this role. Quality Start are acting as a specialist recruitment consultancy for this role