Title: Senior Staff Nurse  Surgical HDU
Webindex: 68631425
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Our client is a leading UK provider of private healthcare in the UK and part of a national network of hospitals. We are seeking an experienced High Dependency Senior Staff Nurse to join their surgical ward team at their Dorchester based site. Working with many of the country?s most experienced consultant surgeons and other healthcare specialists our client delivers excellent medical and surgical care supported by stateoftheart equipment and a high standard of nursing care, within pleasant and comfortable surroundings. Successful applicants will benefit from; support from an experienced Theatre Manager and Management team, and the opportunity to work alongside expert consultants and a multi disciplinary team of other healthcare specialists. In addition, access to a dedicated professional and personal development program and experience within a highly professional working environment. Staff also enjoy the benefits of 25 days annual leave, pension benefits and private health insurance Duties of the post You will be responsible for Leadership of HDU and delivering high quality care in unit and on ward. To develop and lead the HDU Level 2 critical care unit/service. To provide guidance and leadership to Ward staff in relation to high acuity/critical care. To provide support to all staff with relation to Outreach and escalation of care of the patient at risk of deterioration through MEWS/NEWS. To work with surgeons and anaesthetists to build confidence in the critical care service and facilitate expansion of surgical complexities. To assist in developing the scope and competence of the Ward nursing team. A full job description is available upon request. Person requirements  Registered Nurse with full registration with the NMC or HPC (not requiring a period of supervised placement)  At least two years post registration experience in a critical care (ITU/HDU) setting  Permission to undertake employment in the United Kingdom (not requiring workpermit sponsorship)