Title: Theatre and ITU Manager
Webindex: 69011023
Company: Yellow Hat  Ltd
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen due to internal promotion for a Critical Care Manager to lead the Theatre, Anaesthetic, Recovery and ICU teams in the delivery of high quality, safe patient care. Within our clients six dedicated elective operating theatres they perform a range of specialty procedures, including Orthopaedics, Neuro and Cardiac Surgery, along with a fully equipped 7 bed ICU. You ll be responsible for clinical delivery and patient care as well as budget and people management, so the ability to multitask and manage numerous and competing priorities is critical. This is an ideal opportunity for someone with previous management experience who is looking for their next challenge. You ll need to be a registered practitioner, with significant experience in a clinical management role. Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to build strong, effective working relationships are essential, as is a strong customer focus and a desire to deliver the highest standards of care in line with out clients commitment. You ll also need to have experience of managing budgets and resources as well as a desire to continually improve processes and standards. The role is based within a 50 million hospital offering the very latest in terms of technology, treatment and care. Our client have invested heavily in high technology scanners and equipment to support the wide range of specialist services available. They have **** consulting rooms, six main theatres and two minor theatres, as well as a seven bedded Intensive Care Unit. Our client is Britain s largest healthcare charity. They are balancing their social values with strong business discipline to help the UK get healthy and stay that way. They are all about great people, too recruiting and nurturing talent in a supportive, developmentled, multidisciplinary setting where teamwork means everything. They can offer a competitive salary and benefits package, as well as a commitment to provide ongoing education, including post graduate training. We have a duty to contact the Criminal Records Bureau for disclosure on successful candidates