Title: Fostering Service Manager
Webindex: 71679735
Company: Outcomes UK Limited
Description: Foster Care Associates (FCA) provides a fostering service to Local Authorities and Trusts across England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland, providing the highest quality foster care placements for a wide range of children and young people. Our approach to fostering places the child’s needs and local support for our foster carers firmly at the centre of what we do. 'FCA is the UK’s largest Independent Fostering Agency with over 80 offices nationwide, providing locally based support services to our foster carers.' We are looking to appoint a Fostering Service Manager to join our dynamic team in the North East region covering the Newcastle area. The role will include responsibility for the day to day management of the fostering service including carer growth, carer retention, regulatory compliance and profitability. You will also deputise for the Registered Manager in their absence. Experience of working at a senior level within children’s services is essential along with supervisory experience including managing underperformance. You will need to hold a social work qualification as recognised by the GSCC or equivalent body. A management qualification would be desirable, however this is not essential. Comprehensive working knowledge of all relevant legislation pertaining to children’s services as well as knowledge of all policies and procedures in relation to Safeguarding Children is essential. Experience of managing budgets and the ability to operate in a performance management culture is essential as well as outstanding communication skills. The ability to negotiate at all levels and build effective working relationships with a wide variety stakeholders including placing authorities is paramount to this role. If you possess the necessary professional and personal skills then this could be the job for you. This is a rare and exciting opportunity within a unique organisation committed to and at the forefront of developing services for children, families and communities. The salary for this post is ****  **** plus company car and benefits scheme The closing date for this position is 8th February 2013. 'Outcomes UK Limited is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer' 'Outcomes UK Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy' We have the right to withdraw this advert without notification. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FosteringServiceManager_job****