Title: Deputy Residential Home Manager
Webindex: 71270345
Company: Synergy Health Recruitment
Description: Based in Ramsbottom near Bury My Client specialises in residential care for the elderly and Dementia clients. They are seeking to appoint an experienced Deputy Manager for their residential home in Ramsbottom near Bury. Applicants will be able to demonstrate atleast **** year experience as a Deputy Manager in a similar care environment, and will be looking for their next career move. The role is a hands on role providing leadership and promoting and ensuring the highest quality of care for residents Responsibilties of the role include  To manage the care being provided within the care home. To positively support the Registered Manager in providing leadership to the administration, care, catering, housekeeping, laundry and maintenance functions of the home To deputise for the function of the Registered Manager during their absence, while at all times supporting the decisions made by the Registered Manager. To maintain care and management skills at a current level. Assist the implementation and maintenance of the standards required by legislation related to the registration of the home. Be involved in the design and implementation and maintenance of the home's quality assurance programme. Assist in the design and administration of an evaluation of the care standards and care service provision. Systematically solve day to day problematical issues which arise. Deputise for the Registered Manager during their absence, following agreed policies, procedures and management techniques at all times. Take the lead responsibility for the promotion and management of employee's NVQ development. Cooperate with the implementation, evaluation, orientation and induction of all new employees. Carry out supervisions for all clinical staff. The Deputy Manager will take the lead responsibility for all clinical matters within the home, the day to day management of care services, in accordance with policies, procedures and management techniques agreed with the Registered Manager including covering for staffing. The Deputy Manager is intended to work as a member of the day to day handson care team, and the overwhelming proportion of working time should be spent in contact with Service Users as opposed to being office based. Assist the assessment of the effectiveness of care implementation and delivery. Implement action to meet and maintain care standards. Work in cooperation with members of multidisciplinary health teams to maximise opportunity for Service User therapeutic care.