Title: Community Care Assistants
Webindex: 70205621
Company: Care Vacancy Ltd
Description: Community Care Workers or Home Carers are urgently required for our client who are a national care provider based in Crewe. Care workers are needed to visit vulnerable people in their own homes in and around the following areas of Staffordshire: Loggerheads, Madeley, Clayton, NewcastleunderLyme, Maybank, Silverdale, Bradwell, Knutton, Kidsgrove, Audley, Leek, Moorlands. Both full and Partime Positions available Ability to drive and access to own vehicle required  A mileage allowance is paid Our client, a national care provider is looking for flexible, enthusiastic, caring, committed individuals who are keen to train as professional Community Care Workers. This is an excellent opportunity for people who have excellent communication skills and a genuine caring nature to train and gain NVQ qualifications supporting and encouraging vulnerable people to continue living independently in their own homes. Duties will include, support with all aspects of personal care which includes, washing, showering/bathing, dressing, toileting, emptying commodes, bed making, light housework, meal preparation, shopping, social visits and family sits, prescription collecting and socialising etc. You must have excellent communication skills and be seeking a long term career as you will receive excellent training, full support and the opportunity to gain NVQ's and an excellent career where you really can make a difference to the lives of vulnerable people in your community. Our client is looking for flexible people who are available to start work from 7am daily for a few hours, then again to cover lunch time visits, and assisting with tea time and bed time visits. Weekend work is also available. Hours of work cannot be guaranteed, but work is available from 7am11am, 12pm2pm, 47pm, or 610pm. These times are approximate and may vary according to the care required by service users. In return you will be well paid, receive excellent on going training, support, NVQs and further career opportunities Please apply today by emailing your CV to infocarevacancy.co.uk and you details will be forwarded to our client who will contact you directly