Title: Pharmaceutical Customer Data Analyst  West London
Webindex: 72301906
Company: Apodi Ltd
Description: Permanent Headcount Due to significant European expansion our client, an international pharmaceutical company, turning over in excess of 800 million Euros and are currently recruiting for a Customer Data Analyst. Our client researches, develops, produces and markets proprietary R D medicines and also partners with others to copromote licensed products. As Spain s largest pharmaceutical company, our client is recognised in partnerships with some of the world s leading pharmaceutical organisations. Currently the focus of research resources are on therapeutic areas including; asthma, COPD (Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease), gastrointestinal disorders and dermatological conditions. Role Purpose: Report and analyse Customer data in order to give advice to local managers to optimise Customer Relationships Role Description: Management of a number of Commercial Support Services related to customer data to support and improve the customer relationships from a group of Market Companies. Key Accountabilities:  Gather, validate and publish the information about Customers.  Analyse Customer Data to identify areas of improvement.  Propose improvement initiatives (e.g. customer s profiling, segmentations and targeting s, data mining s, etc,) to optimise customer centricity effectiveness.  Design and execute customer s profiling, segmentations and targeting s (physicians, KOLs, institutions, pharmacies)  Provide customer insights to design Promotional Plans.  Liaise with Global/Local Marketing to analyse the output of Direct Marketing campaigns. Competences Profile:  Formal education: Desirable  University training in Economics or Business Administration  Mandatory  Experience in the commercial area of the pharmaceutical sector  Recommendable  Experience in pharma commercial effectiveness  Very desirable  Knowledge about markets included in the hub  Trust  Innovation  Partnership  Personal Accountability  Analysis and decision making  Influence Analysis:  Breaks issues down till knowing its key components, identifying its multiple relationships in different scenarios  Systematically analyses different alternatives to issues comparing pros and cons  Checks alternatives with internal and/or external opinions before choosing one  Agile decisionmaking capabilities within his/her area of responsibility Rigour:  Executes tasks in line with company policies, with special attention on details and quality  Puts in place systems and methodologies to guarantee the results reliability  Acceptance of repetitive and routine tasks A referral bonus of **** will be awarded when you recommend someone to us who we then place. If this is not your ideal position then please call us to discuss other opportunities. Whilst we would like to reply individually to every application on some occasions it may not be possible to do this therefore if you have not heard from us within 7 days please assume you have not been successful on this occasion however, this does not exclude you from applying for any other relevant roles.