Title: Hepatobiliary Clinical Nurse Specialist  Central London
Webindex: 67748471
Company: Medic International
Description: Our client is a major provider of independent healthcare based in Central London; we are seeking a Hepatobiliary Clinical Nurse Specialist to provide clinical expertise to the department teams. Treating the full range of medical and surgical specialities this Hospital works with the elite of London's most experienced consultant surgeons and other healthcare specialists. Supported by stateoftheart equipment this centre of excellence offers a high standard of acute and critical nursing care, within pleasant and comfortable surroundings. Successful applicants will enjoy career development and support from a strong management team, the opportunity to work alongside expert consultants and a multi disciplinary team of other healthcare specialists, access to a dedicated professional and personal development program and experience within a highly professional working environment. The benefits of working for this company include: •Free Private Medical cover •A minimum of 25 days annual leave from the start of employment •Free Critical Illness Insurance cover •Reasonably priced quality accommodation provided •Interestfree season ticket loans and Cycle to work scheme •The opportunity to join their employer contributory Pension Scheme •Gym membership Duties of the post •To be a highly visible role model to all staff within the Hepatobiliary team. •To investigate incidents and complaints thoroughly •To participate in the Clinical Governance process in order to minimise risks to patients and staff. •To be responsible for initiating, developing and promoting evidence based practice within the clinical area. •To support all staff to maintain and develop their skills. A full job description is available upon request. Person requirements •NMC Registration (not requiring a period of supervised placement) •Permission to undertake employment in the UK (not requiring ?workpermit? sponsorship) •Minimum of three year post graduate experience in a Hepatobiliary setting •A qualification in Hepatobiliary Nursing •Completion of a Mentorship course. •Experience of clinical audit and excellent management skills to include Change management •Commitment to clinical governance and quality initiatives.