Title: Therapy Development Manager  Respiratory  South UK
Webindex: 68824845
Company: Evolve Selection Limited
Description: Job Title Medical Devices Therapy Manager Skills Sales; Key opinion leader development Salary Circa ****;**** plus benefits Key Customers Secondary Care Location M62 North The Company: Our client is a leading Medical Devices Company; with an exceptionally innovative and successful track record within the Respiratory market. They currently have an extremely exciting opportunity working as a Therapy Manager across the North of the UK; and are searching for only the finest representatives to drive business forward in this highly visible role. This is a fabulous opportunity for a driven and determined individual. Our clients strategy is to lead global markets for lessinvasive medical devices by developing and marketing innovative products; services and therapies that address unmet patient needs; provide superior clinical outcomes and demonstrate proven economic value. Our client is investing in new technologies across all areas of the Company; resulting in an awardwinning patent portfolio that is well recognized in the industry. The Company is consistently expanding investment in new technology; which supports our mission of Define tomorrow today in lessinvasive therapies. The role: Respiratory Therapy Manager Main Responsibilities:  Develop and Implement specific strategic sales programs generating therapy adoption and drive BT procedures  Support ability to build the companies preferential networks in complex hospital setting : Identify the referring network by working with the Procedurals  Achievement of predefined sales plans on quarterly and annual basis.  Responsible for independently managing sales and customer relations in a specific region  Business planning and implementation throughout area of responsibility.  Develop solid working relationships with pulmonary customers into lasting business partnerships.  Development of new business opportunities in conjunction with UK BDM and determination of new client and market potential.  Assist customers with clinical; technical and commercial enquiries.  Systematic collection; presentation and interpretation of market and competitor information  Franchise split approximately 80% Bronchial Thermoplasty 20% Pulmonary Stenting Desired Profile:  Life Science Degree or equivalent  New technology reimbursement experience  35 years selling experience in Pharmaceuticals/biotech/medical devices  Asthma or Airwayrelated sales experience an advantage.  Product launch experience in specialty Pharma / device market  Strong organizational; selling; presentation and communication skills  Analytical skills  Clinical interpretation skills  Health economic basic knowledge would be a plus  Will be required to travel with occasional nights away from home Package (TBC):  Up to ****;**** basic salary  Commission  Company car / car allowance  Private health insurance  Death in service insurance  Lunch allowance  Contributory pension scheme  Share option scheme