Title: Staff Nurse  Acute Medical Ward  Central London
Webindex: 67285352
Company: Medic International
Description: Our client is a major provider of independent healthcare based in Central London; we are seeking motivated, experienced Staff Nurses to join their busy Medical ward. We are eager to hear from nurses with experience in all Medical specialities (with the exception of Cardiac and Acute Stroke admissions) in particular Medical Admission experience. Treating the full range of medical and surgical specialities this Unit works with the elite of London's most experienced consultant Physicians and other healthcare specialists. Supported by stateoftheart equipment this centre of excellence offers a high standard of acute and critical nursing care, within pleasant and comfortable surroundings. Successful applicants will enjoy career development and support from a strong management team, the opportunity to work alongside expert consultants and a multi disciplinary team of other healthcare specialists, access to a dedicated professional and personal development program and experience within a highly professional working environment. The benefits of working for this company include: •Free Private Medical cover •A minimum of 25 days annual leave from the start of employment •Free Critical Illness Insurance cover •Reasonably priced quality accommodation provided •Interestfree season ticket loans and Cycle to work scheme •The opportunity to join their employer contributory Pension Scheme •Gym membership Duties of the post •Delivering care to a the full range of Medical specialties and patients •To work within a team, deputising for Senior Staff Nurse in their absence if required. •Experience in supervising students and healthcare assistants, and assisting in the orientation of new staff. A full job description is available upon request. Person requirements •Registered Nurse with full NMC Registration (not requiring a period of supervised placement) •Minimum of one year post registration Acute Medical ward experience. •Minimum of one years post graduate experience in an Acute Medical ward setting •Phlebotomy skills desirable •Permission to undertake employment in the UK (not requiring ?workpermit? sponsorship)