Title: Nurses Wakefield
Webindex: 69258227
Description: Advantage Healthcare is recruiting Nurses to care for our client; a young lady with progressive Cerebral Ataxia and Dystonia. Our client is 18 years old and despite having some very complex care requirements, she is also a typical teenage girl who likes having her nails painted, her hair put up, listening to music and playing on her Wii. She has a tracheostomy in situ but breathes independently and also has episodes of desaturations/apnoea, which require medical intervention with oxygen and ambu bag. This client also requires nebuliser therapy and needs suctioning of secretions to prevent her tracheostomy tube becoming blocked. She is fed via PEG for nutrition and medications and requires a communication aid, however she can make her needs known through facial expressions and noises. We provide care to this client 7 days and nights a week, so shift patterns can be flexible around your availability. This role gives you the opportunity to work on an ongoing package that will be both challenging and extremely rewarding. As a recruiter, we will offer you excellent ongoing training opportunities for both this package, as well as for any future packages you may wish to be involved with. You will be supported by our experienced clinical Nurse team and as well as a 24 hour office team who are always at the end of the phone. Nurse Applicants must have ICT/HDU experience and at least 23 years of working experience due to the complexities of the package and we are looking for Nurses to start working as soon as possible. Benefits:  Flexible hours to suit you  Competitive rates of pay  Holiday pay  Members Loyalty program  Specialist training to further develop your career  CRB Reimbursement scheme  Access to exclusive discounts for High Street stores, travel and other leisure activities  Work with some of the UK’s most prestigious companies and individuals To Apply: Apply online now enclosing your current CV and covering letter, alternatively call our Recruitment Line on **** **** **** **** To be successful you must be able to supply clinical references that cover recent skills and experience. Applicants subject to enhanced level CRB. Advantage Healthcare is an equal opportunities employer (AGY).