Title: Environmental Consultant
Webindex: 68293565
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Background My client is an international, multi disciplinary engineering and environmental consultancy with a fantastic reputation. Specialising in major infrastructure projects, such as airports, roads, ports, railways, bridges and masterplans gives their employees a chance to work on very prestigious projects. Their client base is varied and workload is based in the Middle East, Africa, and Central Asia although it can and does work anywhere in the world. The Environment Team The Environment team's role is twofold. Its primary role is to provide technical support to internal departments with project work. The other, developing role is to bid for and deliver independent environmentbased consultancy work. Working with internal departments, the Environment team undertakes a numbers of key roles. These range from: Preparing proposal inputs Checking local and international environmental regulations Scope, writing and reviewing Environmental and Social Impact Assessments Develop and deliver environmental management and monitoring plans Review compliance submissions from third parties Subcontractor management Provide general environmental advice and guidance as needed The team is frequently involved in projects funded by international lending agencies such as the World Bank and the International Finance Corporation. The Candidate The client is looking for a candidate that has substantial relevant experience, that is knowledgeable and experienced in the environment sector, and has a proven track record in the environmental consultancy arena. They will be well versed in environmental assessment procedures such as EIA/SEA, and have experience with the design and implementation of construction monitoring and management plans. Essential Experience Managing Preparing large, complex EIA's Proposal preparation Scoping and managing local expert studies Conducting environmental and/or social due diligence audits for lenders The preparation, delivery and auditing of environmental and/or social management plans for construction and operation phases of projects Technical report appraisal Personal Skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong team player Proven technical ability, commercial awareness and project management skills Commitment to meeting client requirements and producing high quality reports Flexible approach to working Able to prioritise workload to deliver to tight deadlines Able to work under own initiative in a wide range of countries Travel The role will involve regular trips overseas. These assignments may be at short notice and for extended periods. For further information on this role or to submit a CV please contact the Environmental Team on or N/A quoting the reference number ENV****  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business.