Title: Home Manager  Cumbria  ****K Plus Bonus  Carlisle
Webindex: 70645099
Company: Bright Selection
Description: Bright Selection Ltd are delighted to represent a fantastic organisation in sourcing a Registered Home Manager for a medium size care home that provides an extensive range of longterm care requirements, including palliative, respite, convalescence and dementia care. This particular home is running extremely well, has a fantastic local reputation and is fully compliant with the CQC. My clients’ ethos is reflected in the significant investments that they are making in learning and development of all of their staff, coupled with involvement and partnership working. They are offering something no other large organisation can do and that is the opportunity to influence the future development of the organisation, driving improvements and opening up a wide variety of career opportunities in the future. You will manage all aspects of the Home's operations, ensuring high standards of individual care to all residents. You will provide support and leadership to all the staff, engendering a culture of focusing on the individual and offering high standards of service. You will establish and maintain relationships with key external stakeholders and achieve targets for occupancy, business performance and quality. You will be a team player. Kindness will be second nature to you. You will have a keen eye for detail, always act with integrity and be driven by the principles of fairness. You will behave in a transparent manner always showing respect to our residents, their families and your colleagues. In order to apply, you will have:A minimum of 1 years direct home management experience, ideally within a fully compliant homeHold the RMA or equivalent My client is looking at a base salary in the region of ****  ****K plus generous benefits package and bonus. This is a great time to be joining this particular provider – they are very progressive and believe from promotion from within as well. For further information please contact Neil Horwood at Bright Selection LTD on **** ****