Title: Social Service Physiotherapist  Berkshire
Webindex: 71467357
Company: About Health Professionals
Description: Social Service Physiotherapist  Berkshire Our client has a vacancy for a Social Service Physiotherapist to work in Berkshire. The pay rate for this role is **** per hour. Duties   Carrying out visits to the homes of service users.  Working in a multidisciplinary team with other health professionals, for example Occupational Therapists and Social Workers.  Making initial assessments of new service users.  Managing an adult community caseload. Requirements  You must have a relevant qualification in Physiotherapy, be professionally registered in the area you wish to work and be eligible to work in the UK. Candidates applying to work in England must hold a HCPC registration. You must have a minimum of **** year post qualifying experience within a similar role. You must own and drive a car. Contact  This vacancy is advertised by Tom Russell, if you are interested in this vacancy please click the link below to apply now. What you can expect from About Heath Professionals:  Support from a dedicated consultant with extensive health care experience  Choice of a variety of positions throughout the UK within many specialism's  Excellent rates of pay  Automatic job alerts tailored to your requirements and experience  PAYE or LTD company payments  Excellent Referral Scheme  **** for each successfully placed referral About Health Professionals is part of Sanctuary Personnel, the largest independently owned social work recruitment company in the UK. Our high level of commitment and support within the allied health market separates us from other agencies in the sector. About Sanctuary:  Preferred supplier to **** local authorities and organisations such as the NHS.  Specialist social work training division 'Sanctuary Training'  We have our own DBS (formerly CRB) umbrella body, including faster online DBS applications  Double winners of the 2012 national Recruiter Awards for Excellence in the 'Best Public Sector Recruitment Agency' and 'Best Client Service' categories  Sixtime winners of the Archant Recruitment awards