Title: CRA/ SCRA  UKRAINE, KIEV
Webindex: 69273598
Company: Barrington James
Description: I am currently working with a wellrespected, rapidly expanding, quality focussed CRO assisting them in finding the ideal permanent CRA and senior CRA to join their Ukraine team and take on responsibility for a number of sites throughout the country. This position offers a competitive salary with benefits package including car allowance. The company has a strong career plan and can offer you the progression you want. Job Summary Completes project activities associated with monitoring functions of Phase IIV clinical research studies while continuing to develop a solid understanding of the drug development process, Good Clinical Practices (GCP), and relevant regulations Provides clinical and technical support for Clinical Research Associate (CRA) I and administrative staff. Performs management of study site activities to ensure the integrity of clinical data, in adherence to all applicable regulatory guidelines and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and Project Specific Operating Procedures. Core Responsibilities Communication  Maintains timely and effective communication among team members and site staff. Anticipates/identifies potential and routine issues and implements corrective actions seeks guidance to resolve more complex and routine issues. Regulatory Documentation  Assures compliance with local regulations, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR)/ International Conference of Harmonization (ICH) and GCP guidelines, and Company and Sponsor SOPs. Maintains current regulatory documentation according to Essential Regulatory Document Guidelines and Trial Master File (TMF) Plan. Participates in TMF and onsite audits as requested may require guidance to respond to findings. May be responsible for submission of regulatory packages to ethics committees and/or competent authorities. Monitoring  Assumes responsibility for site management and site staff performance including: monitors all types of clinical trials participates in all types of site visits assures compliance with all protocol requirements assures effective patient identification and recruitment plan is in place assures timely reporting of Adverse Events (AE)/Serious Adverse Events (SAE) and protocol violations ensures proper storage, dispensation, and accountability of all Investigational Product(s) and trialrelated materials regularly reviews the status of the contents of the site regulatory binder and exhibits effective time management skills. Data Handling  Performs source data verification according to contractual requirements. Assures timely completion and submission of Case Report Forms according to Clinical Monitoring Plan and/or Data Management Plan. Assures timely and accurate completion of Data Clarification Forms. Utilizes multiple data capture systems/methodologies in course of monitoring. Performs clinical data listings reviews as needed. Reporting and Tracking  Completes and submits reports according to SOP/Works Instructions (WI) or Sponsor requirements requiring minimal revisions. Maintains awareness of key study performance indicators for own sites, e.g. Telephone Communications Reports, patient enrolment, and SAEs. Updates study and patient status information and serves as Clinical Trial Management System resource for Project Manager (PM)/Lead CRA. Tracks Investigator payments/milestones. Documents and tracks the resolution of all outstanding sitespecific protocolrelated issues from visit to visit. Administrative  Prepares for and attends Investigator meetings may present materials, as requested. Assists with the preparation of study startup materials and tools. Attends clinical monitoring staff meetings, project team meetings, clinical committees, and clinical training sessions according to the project communication, monitoring, and/or training plans. Skills & Attributes BA/BS degree in science/health care field or nursing degree or equivalent combined education and experience. Nominal clinical research experience required with some independent field monitoring experience. Basic understanding of SOPs, WI, FDA, and local regulations as well as ICH GCP guidelines intermediate understanding and application of applicable therapeutic standards. Strong organizational, documentation, and interpersonal skills as well as a willingness to work within a teamoriented environment. Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, and PowerPoint), email, and voicemail. Effective command of written and spoken local language, as well as English. Ability to handle multiple tasks to meet deadlines in a dynamic environment. Must have valid, current driver&****s license and ability to secure corporate credit card. ACRP CCRA or equivalent certification/credentials preferred. APPLY NOW