Title: Commercial Manager  Sleep Medicine Service
Webindex: 68285718
Company: Helix Recruitment Ltd
Description: Company: a world leader in healthcare. Location: South East, Home Counties, Thames Valley, Central South, M4 corridor Type: Permanent Division: MEDICAL Reference: JR**** Salary: ****  Bonus  Package A chance to join a world leader in healthcare. In this new, pivotal role you will be responsible for the operational and commercial management of a home healthcare sleep apnoea Patient Care Service; working in partnership with primary and secondary care and offering a complete pathway to help clinicians provide a high standard of patient care. Patients and clinicians are supported by clinically qualified specialists, all of whom have extensive experience in Sleep Medicine. With P L responsibility for this Managed Service Provision, you will prepare the annual business plan, help develop/implement marketing plans and monitor competitors, coordinate internal resources and ensure continuous improvement/ clinical excellence, budget management, QA and applicable regulatory audit compliance, proactively network and promote the service collaboratively, across all channels, to achieve and exceed ongoing business objectives (order intake/ price realisation/ sales). Ideally degree/equivalent educated, you already have successful experience of a similar role i.e. managing a home health service for NHS patients. Experienced in healthcare sales/ business development/ commercial or operations management, with experience of primary care and commissioning environments, you are highly competent when pulling together people and resources with a clear record of achievement. Selfmotivated, organised and hardworking, you are happy to work UK wide. Apply now if you seek a stimulating challenge with great development and rewards. Call or email for full details KEY WORDS: commercial manager, operations manager, managed services, service contracts, home health, healthcare, sleep medicine, apnoea, apnea, respiratory, COPD, care pathway, London, Sussex, Surrey, Berks, Hants, Dorset, Wilts, Oxon, Helix recruitment medical sales jobs.