Title: Support Worker  Norwich
Webindex: 69181620
Company: Huntercombe
Description: Site or Unit : Huntercombe Rowan House Hospital Address : Buxton Norwich Norfolk NR10 ****RH Contracted Weekly Hours : **** Rowan House is an 78 bedded secure hospital located just outside Norwich in the village of Buxton set in beautiful grounds. It provides assessment, treatment and rehabilitation for adults who are detained under the Mental Health Act. The service caters for people with challenging behaviours, Autistic Spectrum Conditions, mental health problems and other conditions. The hospital is located in a quiet rural location but accessible to local amenities, and is situated between the small town of Aylsham, only **** miles away, and the historical town of Norwich which is 8 miles in the opposite direction. Norfolk is a beautiful county, with miles of unspoilt coastline, internationally important nature reserves, and wild lives, waterlands, picturesque market towns, and seaside resorts. We also have an international airport (Norwich) on our doorstep, giving easy access to other parts of the country and the continent. We offer an excellent staff induction programme with ongoing staff development and training opportunities for everyone. Ample free parking is available on site as individual transport will be needed due to our rural location. As a Support Worker you will support the senior team in the running of the shift, whilst showing warmth and support to our residents and their families; helping to promote independence and dignity and positively enhancing the lives of individuals in our care. This exciting and dynamic role will place you at the heart of a clinical team, working closely with patients and other healthcare professionals to deliver the best care and rehabilitation for patients. So as a Support Worker what do you need to do to make this happen? To assist the trained nursing staff in their duties Be involved in maintaining and developing a high standard of the care for the person by being aware of their individual needs and care programmes Report to nurse in charge any information given by the person or their relative, and any incident or observation which may affect their physical or mental wellbeing Provide practical assistance to the person, where needed, in carrying out everyday living tasks whilst encouraging them to develop their daily living skills To help to provide an environment which is helpful to people with varied and complex needs realising their potential to live as independently as they can find possible Be actively involved with the day to day in individual and group activities Practice within a legal framework encompassing statutory, organisational policy and guidelines.