Title: Social Care Assessment Officer
Webindex: 69165235
Company: Jane Lewis Health & Social Care
Description: About Us Jane Lewis Health Social Care are the North West 's leading nursing social care recruiter. Jane Lewis have been providing temporary staffing and permanent recruitment solutions to a wide range of public private sector clients since **** The cornerstone of our business is carefully matching the skills, experience aspirations of our candidates to the specific requirements of our clients. About the Role We have an exciting Opportunity within our Social Care department for an Assessment Officer based in our Chester Office. In the role your main responsibility is to carry out all pre service assessments for new clients and review Care Plans and risk assessments for existing clients. We have a high number of clients with complex needs, including acquired brain injury, mental health learning disabilities. To be successful in the role experience across a number of these client groups is desirable. You will also need to be a confident selfstarter who has the ability to build rapport with clients, professionals and staff alike. You will also be required to be a professional representative of Jane Lewis at MultiDisciplinary Team meetings with regards to the ongoing needs of clients. Ensuring staff are competent and have appropriate training to meet the needs of our clients is an integral part of the role. Regular travel is required to client’s homes to carry out assessments. Key Skills Essential  Significant Care Planning Review experience  Good Organisational Planning skills  Drive and ability to work using own initiative  Attention to detail  Being able to work as part of a multidisciplinary team  Ability to mentor and educate support workers  Strong supervisory skills  Ability to positively challenge care practice assumptions  Excellent interpersonal skills with both adults and children Desirable  NVQ Level 4 or Equivalent  RGN Qualified  Experience in assessing clinical tasks  Experience in the design delivery of training courses Benefits  23 days annual leave  bank holidays  Car Allowance  Continuous Professional Development and Training  Central Chester Office Location This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SocialCareAssessmentOfficer_job****