Title: Residential Care Worker EBD
Webindex: 55720951
Description: My Client is a successful independently owned and run social enterprise organisation that provides care to a wide range of service user groups in England and Wales to include Schools for children and young people with SEBD and associated difficulties. They are looking to recruit a Residential Care Worker who has their NVQ **** preferably in Children & Young People to work in one of their small Ofsted (Outstanding) registered residential homes. The establishment is registered to take a maximum of **** boys aged 1118 years with SEBD and associated disorders. There are **** houses on site as well as an onsite school which is located on the Surrey/Sussex Border . The home provides a nurturing, secure and supportive environment to its young people enabling them to develop both socially and academically. Whilst helping them to prepare for independent living and further education or work when leaving the school’s care. The home is set in beautiful countryside where the boys are supported and encouraged to undertake a wide variety of outdoor activities. Applicants are invited to apply through Fprgroup and interviews will be held shortly. Applicants will possess the following qualifications, skills and experience: NVQ **** in Health & Social Care/preferably in Children and Young People MUST have previous working experience of working with young people with SEBD and associated challenging behaviours, within a residential establishment A genuine interest in working with young people Excellent verbal and written communication skills Motivation and empathy towards the young people with whom you will be working Willing to engage and participate in a wide range of activities and interests (both indoors and outdoors) that the young people enjoy The ability to set appropriate boundaries with the young people and challenge unacceptable behaviour Must be a driver with clean driving Licence and have own transport DUE TO THE NATURE OF THIS ROLE APPLICANTS MUST BE PROFICIENT IN THEIR KNOWLEDGE AND TRAINING IN DEESCALATION AND APPROVED HOLD TECHNIQUES AND BE USED TO SUPPORTING TEENAGE BOYS WHO CAN DISPLAY VERY CHALLENGING BEHAVIOURS Responsibilities: Working under the Team Manager to: Actively contribute to the provision of quality care, education and development of the young person To contribute towards a positive, safe and homely environment to promote a warm and accepting atmosphere To be part of the team and participate in all housework chores including, washing, cleaning, shopping, etc. To be willing to participate in the activities of the young people as well as supporting them with their homework, etc. Providing an appropriate parenting role to the young people Act within all aspects of current legislation and regulation and keep self updated with any changes to legislation, practice, etc. Due to the nature of this role, applicants will require an enhanced CRB check and a full **** year reference history check. Willingness to work shift patterns 7 days on 7 days off This is a great opportunity for Applicants wanting to work with young people with significant SEBD and make a difference to these people’s lives, or for people wanting to progress within their career. Working Details and Benefits : **** pa depending on experience, qualifications and aptitude 7 days on 7 days off working pattern to include 10% enhancement for whole time working . Benefits of this are only one journey to and from work per week Work equipment, food and laundry and accommodation are provided 20 days holiday per annum Beautiful setting and grounds Excellent Outdoor Activities Programme Ongoing continual professional training and development Excellent working conditions Please note: Due to the sensitive nature of this role, unfortunately Candidates applying who do not possess the specified skills, qualifications and experience will not be put forward for this role. If you are interested please click on the ‘apply now’ button, send your CV to Cheskafprgroup.com or call me on **** **** immediately. FPR Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy