Title: Sales Executive  Leeds, Wakefield, York
Webindex: 72301908
Company: Apodi Ltd
Description: Contract Leeds, Wakefield, York Our client is an established leader in the field of Dermatology and attracts and retains welleducated, motivated and resultsoriented people who are eager to make a contribution to the development of the company. They are currently looking for a Sales Executive to be based in Leeds, Wakefield, York. Job Purpose To achieve sales targets through primary care prescribing. Maximise prescribing opportunities for products within the strategic Psoriasis portfolio. Identify, contact and influence target customers in collaboration with the Regional Business Manager. Job Role Manage a list of target GPs and promotes our portfolio to these customers ensuring appropriate prescribing and advocacy. Informs and engages key GP stakeholders e.g. Nurses, practice managers, pharmacists regarding the value to patients and the prescribing of our portfolio. You will work within a specific geography agreed with your Regional Business Manager and focus on agreed GPs and other target customers. You will work cross functionally with other sales colleagues to drive sales positively e.g. secondary care and NHS stakeholders. Develop and maintain a database of any personnel that can have a positive impact on the business such as GP s, PCO Board Members, GPSIs, Clinical Assistants (Dermatology), Consultants  SPR s  Associate Specialists, Trust Managers, H A Managers and Advisors, Clinical Directors, Pharmacists (formulary), Microbiologists, Specialist Nurse (primary/secondary care), GP Trainers, GP Tutors etc. Maintain contact and good working relationships with all key players within the above groups. The focus should be on any person that can have a positive impact on the business. Using the above database, identify policies and opportunities which can be influenced by the company. Essential:  Educated to degree level or equivalent  Full driving licence  Evidence of initiative, creativity, flexibility, commitment, and persistence in achievement of objectives Desirable:  ABPI qualification  Experience of working within NHS or pharmaceutical industry role  Proven track record of sales  Customer knowledge and experienced of designated territory  Knowledge of Dermatology Excellent salary and benefits package offered. To apply for this roles please send your cv to applyapodi.co.uk or contact the resourcing team on **** **** A referral bonus of **** will be awarded when you recommend someone to us who we then place. If this is not your ideal position then please call us to discuss other opportunities. Whilst we would like to reply individually to every application on some occasions it may not be possible to do this therefore if you have not heard from us within 7 days please assume you have not been successful on this occasion however, this does not exclude you from applying for any other relevant roles.