Title: Divisional Manager for Clinical Services
Webindex: 72342216
Company: Family Nursing and Home Care
Description: Family Nursing and Home Care is a registered charity and is the main provider of community care in Jersey. Our staff deliver high quality care that meets the needs of our clients who use the service and their families. The post holder will oversee strategic direction of all clinical services, developing, managing and monitoring their delivery. You will be accountable for a wide range of nursing and support services which incorporate a full range of community nursing, child and family and home care services. You will possess strong leadership skills which will drive a culture of innovation, change and service improvement. As a key member of the senior management team, you will work closely with the Chief Executive Officer and other senior managers in all financial, operational and business planning activities relating to clinical services. You will be a qualified RGN with advanced nursing and clinical decision making skills, a proven track record with significant operational experience in the healthcare sector. You will be able to demonstrate strong leadership skills with an empowering and creative approach to resolving issues. You will possess highly developed interpersonal, communication and influencing skills You will also stand in for the Chief Executive Officer when required. You will need to be confident with the ability to liaise with a wide range of stakeholders. In return, Family Nursing and Home Care offer a competitive package and pension scheme, relocation assistance, training opportunities for professional development and other benefits. If you are ready for an exciting new challenge and would like to live and work on a beautiful Island please contact Julie Gafoor, Chief Executive Officer on **** **** for an informal discussion. For an application pack, please contact HR Department, Family Nursing and Home Care (Jersey) Inc. on **** ****/**** or email t.mcleodfnhc.org.je or a.defreitasfnhc.org.je Closing Date for Applications: 15th February 2013