Title: Nursing positions in Paediatric Departments  London
Webindex: 70264334
Company: Geneva Health International
Description: Are you a Staff Nurse looking for exciting new opportunities in London? We are looking for Staff Nurses for Paediatric departments: Geneva Health is currently recruiting for one of the most successful Private hospitals in London that covers all specialties. POSITIONS AVAILABLE: Senior Staff Nurse  Paediatric Theatre Staff Nurse  Paediatric Theatre Senior Staff Nurse  Paediatric Outpatients Sister/Charge Nurse  Paediatric Ward Staff Nurse  Paediatric Ward JOIN A FORWARD THINKING HOSPITAL Are you a highly skilled enthusiastic individual, committed to providing the best customer service and care to patients and their families? Are you looking to join a forward thinking hospital investing in the future? ABOUT THE HOSPITAL Located in Central London, this hospital is an international hospital committed to providing the highest quality healthcare for their patients. They attract leading consultants and doctors recognised for excellence in their specialised fields. They invest heavily in stateoftheart equipment. At the heart of everything, they recruit and train excellent clinical and support staff. They have established a reputation for innovation and are committed to providing the highest quality healthcare. They do this through highlytrained clinical and support staff and leading consultants and doctors recognised for excellence in their specialised fields. Their current significant redevelopment plan will continue to build on their strong foundation and create one of London’s most advanced private hospital. They offer a dynamic working environment; competitive salary; excellent benefits and access to personal development opportunities. Here are a few reasons to work for our client: •Happy, fun and productive environment •They support and appreciate their people •Help you develop and learn something new every day •Work with highly motivated colleagues •Lots of opportunities to volunteer for local community projects BENEFITS There are many specific benefits depending on what role you apply for, however here are some of the general benefits: Some can be seem below:: •Gym Membership •Childcare Vouchers •Staff Restaurant •Dry Cleaning Discount •Eye Sight Testing •Employee Referral Scheme Criminal Records Bureau Disclosure This post requires the disclosure of all criminal record information, including details of “spent' convictions, cautions, reprimands, final warnings, police enquires and pending prosecutions, through a Criminal Records Bureau check. The successful candidate for this position will require an enhanced disclosure. For all nursing and other clinical roles, you must have appropriate UK professional registration. CONTACT DETAILS If you have the required skills and are interested in any of these roles please contact David for further information on **** **** **** or email an updated CV with a covering letter to davidwgenevahealth.co.uk.