Title: Optical Manager Jobs in Walsall
Webindex: 69152321
Company: Flame Health Associates LLP
Description: Flame Health Optometry  Optical Manager Jobs in Walsall Are you a qualified Dispensing Optician who is looking for a change in direction, someone who enjoys delivering excellent patient care whilst helping to develop the practice and the team associated? Flame Health Optometry are currently recruiting for an Optical Manager who is a qualified Dispensing Optician for our client who has a vacancy based within the Walsall area. The company in question has been within the Optical market since **** and In addition to benefiting from the latest technology and equipment, which includes a computerbased Practice Management and Dispensing System, every facility has a prescreen area with visual field examination equipment, tonometer and auto refractor which delivers a swift process and leaves you free to concentrate on patients needs. And that’s not all, you will also be supported by fully trained colleagues. Your patients will enjoy bright, welcoming surroundings and onetoone service and the Optical team of Dispensing Opticians, Contact Lens Opticians and yourself will enjoy the buzz of being an integral part of the positive culture and ethos which is prevalent within our clients stores. You’ll manage and the lead the team, ensuring our clients patients get the right advice, products and accessories to meet their needs. As all of the department’s colleagues will have undertaken a comprehensive optical training course, we know you’ll be impressed with the level of support you will receive. Leaving you free to concentrate on what matters most  delivering the highest standards of professionalism. Whatever your role our client will actively encourage and fully support your professional development because they are as committed as you are to ensuring you achieve your goals. So they are always looking at ways to make CET more accessible and relevant to what you do. And, because they know it takes up your time, they will be flexible towards your shift patterns and working hours. After all, the more skilled you are, the more your business will benefit Just look at some of the other advantages our client delivers to help you with CET: Optician delivered to store. Internet access instore to complete CET online & register points with cetoptics.com Two annual CET conferences External courses Dedicated time CET time instore Every person makes a valued contribution to our clients business and to show how much they appreciate this, they have put together one of the best, most comprehensive Rewards and Benefits packages around. On top of a competitive salary, you’ll enjoy benefits that will definitely enhance your finances and lifestyle. Here is a snap shot: GOC Fees Paid Full Professional Development Package  time & resource to exceed the CET points requirement Professional Indemnity Insurance Cover Discretionary Bonus 10% Colleague Discount Card Sharesave Plan Colleague Share Ownership Plan Pension Voluntary Benefits Private Medical Cover Recognition Schemes To apply for this position you will be a FBDO registered Dispensing Optician. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Optical Manager Job Opportunities in Walsall or the West Midlands Region  Contact Flame Health Freephone on **** **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email optometryflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business