Title: Theatre Scrub Practitioner  Peterborough
Webindex: 72186938
Company: Hays Healthcare
Description: We are currently looking for Theatre Scrub Practitioners to work at an NHS hospital based in Peterborough. As a preferred supplier we are able to offer ongoing temporary adhoc shifts one week in advance.Previously housed on four sites – the Trust moved three of its facilities into the new 612bed Hospital in November 2010. This move marked the dawn of a new era for the Trust and for healthcare in the Greater Peterborough area. The new hospital has brought improved services and facilities to the city – including a stateofthe art Radiotherapy Unit, an Emergency Centre with a separate children’s assessment unit, a dedicated Women’s and Children’s unit, an expanded cardiac unit, a new respiratory investigations facility and an additional MRI scanner. Inpatients are cared for on wards where **** per cent of beds are in single rooms with ensuite facilities. The Trust employs in excess of **** staff across its two sites. This includes staff who are part of the Ministry of Defence Hospital Unit which is based in Peterborough. Military personnel work throughout the trust – continually testing their skills in preparation for action in military zones across the world. Working as a Theatre Scrub Nurse Practitioner you will be required to function effectively as a member of the perioperative team to ensure the provision and development of an efficient and high quality surgical service. You will need to deliver a holistic care package which is current, evidence based and effective.requires a broad knowledge and skill base including communication and team working skills, in order that they contribute to the smooth running of the theatre department. To be considered for this position you must be able to demonstrate the following: At least 6 months current UK NHS theatre scrub experience.  The ability to adapt to different hospital environments.  Selfmotivated, uses own initiative and excellent at making decisions.  Able to work under pressure and respond effectively to challenging situations.  Time management and effective delegation skills. As well as receiving ongoing dedicated support, you’ll also enjoy a range of employee benefits, including: **** Bonus every time you refer a colleague Holiday Entitlement (PAYE Only) Competitive rates of pay Fast Track Registration Free mandatory and specialist Training Terms & conditions applyTo have an informal discussion please contact Kerry Stewart on **** **** **** E: or submit your CV via the job advert Hays EA is a trading division of Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited and acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk