Title: Sales Representative  Orthopaedics  Sheffield
Webindex: 68824900
Company: Evolve Selection Limited
Description: Our client is a leader in the worldwide orthopaedic market and is one of the world s largest medical device companies. Our client delivers results through a wide range of capabilities including joint replacements; powered surgical instruments; endoscopic products and emergency medical equipment. They currently have an exciting opportunity working as a Trauma Sales Representative covering the Sheffield area Key Activities Accountabilities: Selling /demonstrating medical equipment within the theatre and clinical environment Customer service / acquisition of new customers Planning; executing and monitoring of all measures necessary to guarantee achieving budget. This encompasses in particular: Customer care for (managerial) physicians; surgical/theatre staff and hospital administration with the goal of achieving qualitative and salesoriented consultation Organizing and conducting trainings; surgical/theatre participation; view surgeries and workshops Conducting price negotiations and contractual preparation within the limits of inhouse guidelines; up to contract conclusion Coordination of the distribution and logistics of products. (Conditionals; Deposits; Kits .) with the support of the related manager Controlling all the resources and materials of his related sales area. Optimization of the resources. Regular reporting to Sales Managers; on the evolution of the sales; and adaptation to the circumstances of the market Required Competencies: Preferably training in a medical; scientific; technical career or degree in sciences; economics or the like Successful sales and/or marketing experience essential Selfaccountability. Innovation. Tenacity. Drive to ensure success. Selfmotivation; persuasiveness and competitiveness. Good planning and organisational skills. Interpersonal Persistence Business Thinking Closes business quickly Bargaining skills MS Office skills Recruitment Process: **** stage process Package  Competitive with excellent bonus and benefits