Title: UK Health Promotion Coordinator
Webindex: 72342174
Company: Finegreen Associates
Description: Our client, a private sector client in London is looking to recruit an innovative permanent UK Health Promotion Coordinator. Main Responsibilities: This exciting new role provides a great opportunity to apply a health promotion and social marketing skill set to help our client`s UK employees to adopt healthy lifestyle choices. This exciting global organisation is looking to recruit someone who is innovative and passionate about delivering effective, engaging, evidence based health promotion and health behaviour change programmes. The ideal candidate will be proficient in using a health and social science evidence base to develop and procure innovative interventions and will be experienced in rolling out, promoting and evaluating health promotion programmes. Working with multiple sets of stakeholders will be key to delivering programmes and so this role requires someone who is adept at networking, both internally and externally. From day one you will be setting capacity into the programmes and leading on operational work. You will then need to gain participation of these new and innovative programmes conforming to key risk indicators. Ideally they are looking for someone who can work effectively with communications to ensure effective engagement with all internal staff. Ideally they are looking for a candidate with a mix of strategic and operational public health experience. Key Requirements:  BA/BSc Graduate degree or equivalent in public health, health promotion, social marketing or a related field  Several years experience in public health, health promotion, social marketing or related activities and programmes  Must have broad knowledge within the fields of preventive health, wellness lifestyle.  Must have Project management competency and delivery experience You will ideally have a health promotions background with extensive NHS/NGO experience. For more information please contact Ben Howlett on **** **** **** To apply please send an email to ben.howlettfinegreen.co.uk containing the job reference and your latest CV, with notes on your availability, and a cover note explaining why you are a suitable candidate for the role.