Title: Deputy Theatre Manager Private Hospital Wiltshire
Webindex: 70577720
Company: PULSE Manchester
Description: A state of the art hospital has a vacancy for a Deputy Theatre Manager in Swindon. This post is being offered on a full time, permanent basis of 37.5 hours per week. Working for one of the UK s largest private hospital groups, their focus is on delivering excellence in clinical care across our **** hospitals throughout the United Kingdom. Role Purpose: Regularly coordinate and actively assist in the management and organisation of care provision within the Operating Department while assisting the theatre manager in the management of the theatre team Provide quality planned care for patients during their perioperative phase of care by ensuring all team members deliver quality patient care by providing appropriate clinical and managerial leadership throughout the department. Deputise for the theatre manager Full details of the duties involved, can be discussed but will include: Core Responsibilities: Assist in the delivery of patient care Contribute to quality improvement Develop and enhance the skills and knowledge of others and self Promote best evidence based practice within own scope of practice Apply legislation, policies and procedures correctly. Respect the patient s dignity, privacy, wishes and beliefs. Participate in HR activities Assist in the enhancement, development, introduction of services and initiatives Key Accountabilities: Assemble, check and prepare the appropriate anaesthetic, surgical and recovery equipment, drugs and consumables for a wide range of operative procedures incorporating various types of anaesthesia. The ability to coordinate the use of the supplies and equipment during an operating list and in the immediate post operative phase of care ensuring the equipment is used in an appropriate and safe manner. Conduct mandatory patient checks including informed consent, patient s identity and operative site against the supporting documentation, prior to the start of the anaesthetic and prior to the start of the procedure. Assist the Anaesthetist throughout the perioperative phase on care and in the immediate postoperative phase as required. Complete mandatory surgical checks prior to the start of the procedure, during and pre wound closure. Assist the anaesthetist in monitoring the patient s condition throughout the procedure and in the immediate postoperative phase taking appropriate action to manage any arising complications through contingency planning. Proactively monitor the patient s level of discomfort/pain and take appropriate actions to ensure the patient is comfortable. Communicate appropriately with others involved in the care of the patient Monitor, order, receive and check stock items including consumables, equipment and drugs. To be successful you will need to be a registered Practitioner with NMC or HPC registration, and have attended an approved/recognised anaesthetic course. At interview, the Line Manager will be looking for good interpersonal and communication skills; confidence in dealing with people and a proven track record in handling issues and material of a confidential nature. With a focus on excellent staff training, support and progression, this is an excellent company to be a part of to launch/further your career in private healthcare. In return for your commitment they offer a starting salary of circa ****k per annum  comprehensive benefits package, incentives and a supportive professional environment. For more information or to apply please call Daniella on (Apply online only) or send an up to date copy of your CV. PULSE Healthcare are acting as an employment agency