Title: Medical Representative (Nutrition)
Webindex: 69539276
Company: CBSbutler
Description: Job: Adult Nutrition Medical Representative (Primary Care) Location: South West England Salary: up to **** **** pa Our client, a leading pharmaceutical healthcare company, is seeking an experienced Medical Representative who will act as the direct point of contact to the primary care stakeholders within the territory, in order to transfer the value proposition of the brand. The Medical Representative is expected to provide a holistic service and develop customer relationship. The Medical Representative will carry out the following duties and responsibilities: Deliver expected sales performance and beyond in the territory Create pre call smart objectives and use evidencebased medicine skills during sales call Developing and sustaining partnerships in the given territory Meeting and exceeding all activity targets. Utilises innovative approaches and resources to gain access to difficult to see customers and elevate results and outcomes to the brand team level through the sales manage. Differentiate the client s health proposition from competitors. Maintain a high level of knowledge about the product Maintaining a high level of administration and feedback accountability Proactively initiate, develop and implement growth plan in order to develop in current position and prepare for future opportunities. The Medical Representative must have the following skills and experience: Proven medical sales experience into primary care. A degree in life sciences is desirable but not essential Proven experience of interacting and building relationships directly with healthcare stakeholders, in particular payers. Practical knowledge and understanding of customer/disease area requirements. Knowledge of industry and local market conditions These requirements are essential, so unfortunately we are not able to consider any applicants who do not fulfill the above criteria. This is a role for an experienced Medical looking to work with a leading pharmaceutical healthcare company, with one the world s bestselling drugs. If you feel this could be the role for you please send your CV to us by responding to this advert. Primary sales, sales rep, pharmaceutical sales, territory manager, key account manager, Medical sales rep