Title: Nurse Home Manager  Ashbourne
Webindex: 72441746
Company: Eclypse Recruitment
Description: Home Manager RGN Ashbourne, Derbyshire ****k****k  Excellent Bonuses Eclypse Recruitment has an Excellent Opportunity for an Experienced RGN Home Manager to take the lead and improve the overall running of a lovely nursing home in Ashbourne, Derbyshire. This lovely nursing home based in Derbyshire, East Midlands provides quality nursing care and support to the elderly with general nursing needs and care to those with early onset dementia. There is a lot of potential within this home, although compliant there is plenty of room to really develop and push this service forward. This home is part of a large UK healthcare company that has a solid and positive influence within the private sectors of care and elderly nursing homes. We are searching for a Motivated RGN Home Manager in Ashbourne, Derbyshire who ideally has a minimum of 2 years of management experience within an elderly nursing home. We are looking for someone who has strong clinical skills and knowledge along with excellent leadership skills to take the lead and develop the service. A solid understanding of CQC and minimum care standards is essential along with the ability to identify and solve problems as they resolve. This will be a challenging but a very rewarding role, therefore motivation, enthusiasm and a genuine care and commitment is needed. The home is of a medium size and we require a home manager that ideally has a good knowledge of the area in Ashbourne, Derbyshire. Being part of a large UK healthcare company the successful candidate will not only benefit from an excellent salary/package but an excellent support structure too. This is a full time role and will require some flexibility from time to time, this really is a great opportunity for a RGN Home Manager to stamp their mark on this service and be recognised / rewarded for their hard work. Apply Now, alternatively contact Becky at Eclypse Recruitment for more information. Key Words: Home Manager, Care Home Manager, Nursing Home Manager, Ashbourne, Derbyshire This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NurseHomeManagerAshbourne_job****