Title: Head of Service
Webindex: 69688136
Company: MacIntyre Care
Description: Do you have experience of supporting people with learning disabilities and complex needs Are you passionate about what you do and the quality of it ? If so we would love to hear from you MacIntyre provides innovative and responsive support to an increasing number of people with learning disabilities across the UK. Our mission is to be recommended and respected for offering the best choice, providing best value and employing the best people in support of children and adults with learning disabilities. We commit to the individuals that we support; they will be at centre of their service and treated respectfully at all times. We will support them to communicate with us in a way of their personal choosing and to live a life that makes sense to them. We will think about the work we do and continuously check that they are satisfied, and we will support the person to take as much control of their life as they wish. If someone is unhappy we will listen and take action to put it right. We are looking for a professional and experienced head of service for our supported living environment in Chandlers Ford. The service is for **** apartments in a supported complex, supporting individuals who have learning disabilities and dementia. We need someone who has experience in dementia and older person care and managing large staff teams and change. An Individual who has knowledge of housing related support in a supported living setting and CQC legislation surrounding this. to include relevant qualifications in care NVQ level 3 or above You will be responsible for overseeing the daily running of the service and its Support Workers and Senior. You will ensure that the team have all relevant supervision, mentoring, appraisal and training required to support the people who live here. You will also liaise with families and health professionals and act as an exemplary role model for MacIntyre at all times. You will demonstrate a positive and highly polished lead by example approach whilst always ensuring that the people we support are at the centre of what is happening within the service. You will be (or would be happy to train to be) a key trainer in moving, handling and hoisting. You will ensure that all organisational, individual and financial obligations of Macintyre are met within your service to include all health and safety requirements and relevant risk assessments. You will be familiar with CQC and the standards and outcomes required ensuring the service remains fully compliant. You will also ensure that Macintyre s core values and codes of practice are continually upheld by all members of staff. This role requires the candidate to have demonstrative experience of supporting people with Learning Disabilities along with team management / leading experience and/or to have the Registered Managers Award or be happy to undertake the training. A full manual driving licence is essential. A full enhanced Criminal Records Bureau check will also be undertaken prior to any offer of employment. We offer an exceptional induction and ongoing training to facilitate the advancement of your career. Excellent benefits to include a basic salary of up to **** , up to **** day holiday, a contributory pension scheme and health assistance programme. Have you got what it takes to be a Head of Service with Macintyre? Why not click on Apply and we will send you an application pack to complete and return by the closing date of 1st February 2013. Should you be shortlisted we may invite you to visit our service and meet the people that you may be supporting as part of the interview process. Dependant on qualifications experience