Title: Physical Health Advisor
Webindex: 60685257
Description: Part time  3 days per week We are recruiting for a Chartered Physiotherapist to work as a Physical Health Advisor to join an inhouse team of physical and mental health specialists. Since **** our client has assisted over **** unemployed people into work. You will be expected to show flexibility in travelling to other operations in your delivery area, as well as to employer sites to provide inwork support as required Responsibilities for role: Conduct biopsychosocial assessments via facetoface and telephonebased intervention Deliver specific health programmes, psychoeducational workshops, weekly classes such as Pilates, Relaxation, Walking Groups or Circuit Training as well as possible wellbeing/lifestyle groups Support each client to produce a tailored action plan that focuses on improving their health and returning to work As a Physical Health Advisor on the Work Programme, you will be expected to: Build relationships with key stakeholders including GP's, employers and relevant NHS bodies Identify and build relationships with other organisations that contribute to the successful delivery of the programme Offer support and guidance to Health and Wellbeing Facilitators. Work with individuals on a onetoone basis and in groups to provide support on a range of primarily physical health conditions Educate clients on their health condition and assist them to better manage their health Offer returntowork advice and guidance for both clients and Employment Advisors and provide clients with practical techniques that enable them to manage their conditions on a longterm basis once in work Assess and discuss inwork support which may involve liaison with employers or specific workplace assessments, where appropriate: Refer clients to relevant external health or specialist services as required Qualifications and Skills: You will be a Chartered Physiotherapist who is motivated and enthusiastic to work within welfaretowork. Applications from newly qualified candidates will be accepted, but will need to demonstrate an understanding of using a biopsychosocial approach. Evidence of HPC registration Any experience of Condition Management, Occupational Health, Pain Management or Mental Health (as appropriate), as well as the use of Psychological evidence interventions (i.e. CBT) or delivering groups such as Pilates. Evidence of your understanding of welfaretowork and the issues that unemployed people face, including the negative effects of unemployment. NB: All Physiotherapists will receive the following training  First Aid  Pilates, Matwork Level 1  Tai Chi If interested please contact Tracey Davies on **** **** or email Tracey.daviesequalapproach.com If you need to receive this information in an alternative format, please contact Equal Approach and we will take reasonable steps to arrange this for you. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and we actively encourage candidate applications from all sections of the community. The successful candidate may be required to undertake an Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau Check.