Title: Staff Nurse  Radiography/XRay
Webindex: 68630944
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Our client is a major provider of independent healthcare based in Central London; we are seeking a motivated, experienced Staff Nurse to join their busy Radiography Department. Treating the full range of medical and surgical specialities this hospital works with the elite of London's most experienced consultant Radiologists and other healthcare specialists. Supported by stateoftheart equipment this centre of excellence offers a high standard of Radiography nursing care, within pleasant and comfortable surroundings. Successful applicants will enjoy career development and support from a strong management team, the opportunity to work alongside expert consultants and a multidisciplinary team of other healthcare specialists, access to a dedicated professional and personal development program and experience within a highly professional working environment. Duties of the post  Providing comprehensive nursing care to patients having procedures in Angiography, ultrasound, xray, CT, MRI, mammography and nuclear medicine.  To work within a team, supervising and directing junior staff and deputising for Senior Staff Nurse in their absence.  Experience in supervising students and healthcare assistants, and assisting in the orientation of new staff. A full job description is available upon request. Person requirements  Registered Nurse with full NMC Registration (not requiring a period of supervised placement)  Minimum of one years post graduate experience in a Radiography setting  Phlebotomy skills desirable  Experience working in an acute medical setting, recognising acute changes in a patient?s condition and instigate the appropriate action.  Permission to undertake employment in the UK (not requiring ?workpermit? sponsorship) The benefits of working for this company include:  Free Private Medical cover  A minimum of 25 days annual leave from the start of employment  Free Critical Illness Insurance cover  Reasonably priced quality accommodation provided  Interestfree season ticket loans and Cycle to work scheme  The opportunity to join their employer contributory Pension Scheme  Gym membership