Title: Water Treatment Sales/Accounts Manager  Norfolk
Webindex: 71750497
Company: Future Select Recruitment
Description: A prominent and highly successful water treatment/water hygiene company that offers an array of professional and high quality services to clients is currently looking for a good calibre and selfdriven Water Treatment Sales/Accounts Manager to work for them in Norfolk. The successful candidate must come from a strong chemical/sales/accounts/management background and must have a proven track record working within this role and within the water treatment industry. The role will involve winning new legionella/water treatment contracts  cross selling their water treatment/legionella services to a cross section of clients nationally and at the same time managing the accounts. Maintaining and developing good relations with clients  prospecting and closing clients, hence good clientfacing skills will be required for this role. In general, the successful candidate will be commercially focused, have excellent communication/organizational/people management skills, be well versed with the water treatment industry and at the same have the ability and acumen to take the business to the level. This is a good opportunity to join a forward thinking company that offers a competitive salary, plus OTE, company car and along with other benefits. Future Select are recruiting in the Water Treatment/Hygiene industry. We would be interested in speaking to candidates with at least 6 months experience in any disciplines from Risk Assessors, Service Engineers, Accounts Manager, Business Development/Operational Managers through to Director level. We are dealing with clients across the UK, salaries ****k. Please feel free to visit our website (url removed) for further details. We are inundated with applications, will endeavour to get back in touch, however if you have applied to Future Select and you have not heard from us after a week, on this occasion, you will not have been successful. Your details will be saved on our system and you will be contacted in the future if a vacancy matches your skills