Title: Occupational Health physiotherapist clinical lead  London
Webindex: 70264247
Company: Team 24 Ltd
Description: My client is a leading UK organisation, now recruiting for an Occupational Health physiotherapist who is experienced in clinical governance and team management. The role is an exciting and challenging position, guiding best practice within a leader in UK OH service provision. The jobholder will be a key member of the Organisational Health Operational team and is responsible for Clinical Governance across the operation. This will include clinical quality audits, clinical training, clinical complaints analysis and resolution. A crucial part of the role is to ensure the operation is kept fully up to date with current best practice. The role holder will work closely with the OHP and OHA lead clinicians to develop and promote seamless case management and face to face service delivery for our customers. Accountabilities include: Develop & maintain clinical training material Own the clinical governance framework with the operation to ensure it is always fit for purpose and drives best practice Share experience, knowledge and expertise with colleagues, ensuring the business receives the information necessary to achieve objectives and provide a seamless service Provide continuous recommendations for improvements to the quality of the services Key personal skill sets and attitude include: Team Working  Cooperating with and respecting colleagues to exceed the sum of individual efforts. Communication  The ability to listen, express and articulate information effectively. Customer Service  Creating the best possible experience for clients and their customers. Continuous Improvement  Constantly seeking to improve the way business is done through analysis, creativity, problem solving and change initiatives. Qualifications and skills essential for the role: Registered nurse or physiotherapist and ideally a Practicing Occupational Health Clinician Proven experience of developing and maintain training material in a clinical environment Indepth understanding of clinical governance frameworks with experience in developing, implementing and managing these frameworks Experience of working within an Occupational Health environment PC literate, with extensive experience in using the MS Office Suite