Title: Senior Pharmacy Technician Pharmacy Systems Coordinator
Webindex: 69731319
Company: Bupa Cromwell Hospital
Description: JOIN A FORWARD THINKING HOSPITAL Senior Pharmacy Technician Pharmacy Systems Coordinator  London Are you a highly skilled enthusiastic individual, committed to providing the best customer service and care to patients and their families? Are you looking to join a forward thinking hospital investing in the future? THE ROLE We are looking to appoint a Senior Pharmacy Technician to lead pharmacy system integration projects in London. To support the introduction of robotics and interfaces with other systems as the IT strategy develops including eprescribing. DUTIES To hold the role of the Ascribe System Manager, managing and coordinating the daily system backup and regular housekeeping tasks, maintaining drug files, system integrity checks and other software tasks as appropriate. Managing the implementation of any upgrades of the pharmacy stock management and other pharmacy IT systems, including training and updating of SOPs. Ensuring that all staff trained are effective in the use of all pharmacy IT systems or systems where we have in interface, allowing for safe and appropriate use of pharmacy IT equipment To provide technical support to all Ascribe, FileVision, Digitrak and Compucare users. To maintain and develop the Ascribe system and attend to system issues in a timely manner. To include: the processing of new items and new suppliers on the system, maintenance of ward lists, use of appropriate stock levels and processing special stock requests. To coordinate the EDI ordering set up in Ascribe. To ensure that all Ascribe audit trail pathways with respect to orders distribution are maintained. To liaise with stock takers, internal and external auditors with regard to stockholding and ordering processes. To use the EIS reporting tool as required and produce monthly financial and usage reports for Management Accounts, Internal Control, Chief Pharmacist and Pharmacy staff. To monitor the daily stock take reports produced in Ascribe. Report and assist in resolving significant discrepancies To liaise with the IT department in order to ensure the continued functioning of all Pharmacy systems, provision of logins and development of new IT based solutions. To ensure that prescriptions / archived pharmacy documentation is maintained and stored appropriately in accordance with the law, on site as well as in outside storage facilities. Ensure documentation and procedures are updated regularly. To support the weekly price update procedure for Compucare and to ensure that all charges are posted appropriately in order to assist in the delivery of the hospital?s business goals. To participate in the delivery of a ward top up service to Wards, Clinical Departments Theatres. To participate in the stock distribution function and dispensing function of the technician team when required, to support the technical service and ensure that departmental service levels are maintained. To liaise with the ward Pharmacist and the ward/clinical department manager to ensure NonPyxis stock items are regularly updated. REQUIREMENTS At least B/Tec Pharmaceutical Sciences NVQ Level 3 Pharmacy services Professional registration with The General Pharmaceutical Council (GPh.C) Recent, relevant experience working in a UK hospital pharmacy setting Experience of working in a technical support role and proven experience in the development and support of IT systems within a health care setting to include implementing/problem solving clinical / pharmacy IT systems