Title: Care Assistant jobs Gillingham
Webindex: 66190672
Description: Carewatch require care and support workers across various locations to support clients in their own homes within the local community. We offer full training along with excellent rates of pay. As one of theUK's largest provider of home and health care, we recognise that the success of our company is based on two very important principles  our business is about the people we serve, and the people who deliver that service. Location Gillingham Salary  Earn Up To **** ph  Visit Rate/Mileage  Private Health Care Job Start Date  A.S.A.P Job Type  Permanent Sector  Health and Social Care Hours of Work  Flexible Full Time and Part Time Vacancies Available Domestic Care Worker Full Time Support Worker Full/Part Time Care Worker If you have that passion and desire to develop a career in care we can offer: Loyalty Scheme Free Uniform Free Training Free Private Health Care Visit Rate/Mileage Allowance Enhanced Pay for Evenings, Weekends and Bank Holidays We are looking for enthusiastic, reliable home care workers to support independent living so that our Service Users can remain within the comfort of their own homes. The successful Care Worker will have experience or understanding of care provision and also have their own transport. The type of care a Care Worker will provide will vary from person to person but may include: Personal care. Help with getting up and getting ready for the day. Washing, bathing and toileting. Practical support. Domestic tasks such as laundry, cleaning, shopping and cooking meals if outlined in care plan. Specialised care. Supporting people with complex needs. Key Skills required by a Care / Support Worker: Sound understanding of good care principles Excellent communication skills Good planning skills Ability to cope under pressure Eventempered and patient Ability to cope with change Ability to display empathy and warmth Can build relationships with those we support and those around them Please apply today to join our fantastic team