Title: Territory Manager  Cheshire Wirral Exclusive Vacancy
Webindex: 67931579
Company: Apodi Ltd
Description: Permanent Opportunity Exclusive Vacancy North West  Wirral, Cheshire Central, Cheshire East West Our client is a world leading healthcare company who specialises in a diverse array of products, medicines and therapies. They have a heritage like no other and remain internationally invested in research and development, offering one of the broadest ranges of healthcare treatments available. My client are seeking an experienced Territory Manager within their consumer division, this role will be focused on driving sales and promotion of smoking cessation products. This market leading brand is aligning itself closely to the strategy of the NHS to help support the initiatives to increase Quit rates. The successful applicant will have strong networks and experience within the Wirral, Cheshire Central, Cheshire East West region, including GP, Nurse and a solid understanding of the local health economy and influencers at PCT level. Working closely with your HDM who will encourage and support you in efforts to set the agenda for business maintaining the positive prescribing environment, influencing policy and gaining further market share. Responsibilities;  Within a specific geographical territory, Identify target customers whilst maintaining and analysing customer records.  Conduct sales interviews, carry out precall planning and preparation and develop a self analytical approach in order to identify learning areas from each call.  Maintain records in the reporting systems within the required timescales.  Effectively utilise the Electronic Territory Management System to maintain records updated and to report daily calls  Organise and conduct group events to optimize business whilst complying with relevant country legislation.  Keep Line Manager informed about changes in competitor activities and other market changes.  Maintain an uptodate sales / technical knowledge of specialty and disease areas and relevant publications as per customer profile.  Keep all Company equipment safe and in a good state of repair.  Share experiences, ideas and techniques in order to assist with the sales training of colleagues.  Project a professional impression of the Company and act in accordance with the relevant Pharmaceutical Industry s Code of Practice.  Discuss, agree and document assigned activity, Key Performance Indicator tools, and targets as agreed with Line Manager.  Achieve assigned activity goals and targets for your territory as agreed with the Line Manager. MINIMUM REQUIRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE  Bachelor s Degree in Life Sciences or related field or High School education  ABPI qualification  5 years relevant Pharmaceutical sales experience; or equivalent combination of education, training and experience.  Full driving licence  Ability to plan and organise owned responsibilities, maintaining focus and commitment on assigned targets Attractive salary and benefits package as expected in line with this exciting appointment are offered. Applicants will be based within the region. If you share the vision that a healthcare company should be a combination of good science, good people, and have a value based culture that is tangible throughout the organization, then please contact the Apodi Ltd on **** **** or send your CV to applyapodi.co.uk. A referral bonus of **** will be awarded when you recommend someone new to us who we then place. If this is not your ideal position then please call us to discuss other opportunities. Whilst we would like to reply individually to every application on some occasions it may not be possible to do this therefore if you have not heard from us within 7 days please assume you have not been successful on this occasion however, this does not exclude you from applying for any other relevant roles.