Title: Territory Sales Manager: South Midlands / Cardiology Devices
Webindex: 72702839
Company: BWB Associates trading as BW Penman
Description: I am currently recruiting for a Territory Sales Manager within the Cardiology devices market to be an integral part of the UK sales team. This person will be responsible for managing his/her accounts and implementing sales strategies with the aim of growing the business and increasing market share and sales revenue across his/her territory. My client is wellknown worldwide within the Cardiovascular devices industry and the Market Leader within this therapeutic area. The company is investing heavily in new technologies and continues to grow and flourish. As a Territory Sales Manager you will be expected to:  Increase market share by maintaining and developing the existing customer base and identifying new business opportunities within the sales territory.  Provide practical and theoretical support to existing and potential customers.  Participate in discussions with physicians and procurement stakeholders in the buying process of the Cardiology devices products.  Be knowledgeable of the Cardiology market in terms of products, competitors, KOLs and procedures.  Be comfortable and confident in a Cath Lab environment.  Provide local forecast and business reports.  Understand the dynamics of the local healthcare market. Key Competencies required:  Proven track record in Medical Devices sales.  Experience in a Cath Lab environment.  Knowledge of the Cardiology devices market is preferred.  Applicants with Interventional Cardiology contacts are highly desirable.  Effective communication skills and ability to build strong customer relationships.  Excellent account planning and account management skills.  Ability to think and act strategically. This role requires flexibility and commitment to travel to various locations throughout the South Midlands including Cambridge, Oxford, Birmingham and Bristol. If you would like to apply for this role, please send in your CV as soon as possible.  Territory Sales Manager  also known as Sales Specialist, Sales Representative or Account Manager.