Title: Clinical Product Advisor  North East UK
Webindex: 70696128
Company: Remtec Search and Selection
Description: My Client is one of the UK s leading suppliers of single use surgical and medical products. Our product portfolio includes singleuse drapes and gowns, procedure packs and personal protective equipment as well as some new and exciting innovative product launches coming later this year. They are looking for ODP s, Scrub Nurses or theatre trained individuals who are looking for a new and exciting career in the healthcare sector. There are exciting opportunities for someone with a clinical background to work with hospitals to deliver a high level of product education and training. Your advice and knowledge will be paramount to ensuring that best practice is carried out when implementing and using products and services. Full training on the range of products will be given. The role requires a confident individual with excellent communications skills and strong commercial acumen; you will need to be hard working, enthusiastic, diligent and flexible to meet the demands of the role. It is important to stress that the job role is predominantly education focussed with an element of business development. The Clinical role is supported by a Business Development Manager who will drive the sales remit. Responsibilities:  Demonstrate clinical products to end user  Train and support clinical staff in the product portfolio  Identify sales opportunities and work with the sales team to action them  Provide excellent sales support and ongoing training to hospitals  Delivering excellent after sales care to our customers  Represent the company professionally  Product audits/evaluations Applicants will need to have the following skills / qualities to be considered:  ODA / ODP / Theatre Nurse (now or previously)  Demonstrate a thorough understanding of theatre protocol  Excellent communication skills, professional and selfdriven  Commercial acumen, be smart, presentable and articulate  Hard working, enthusiastic, diligent, flexible to meet the demands of the business and prepared to travel. Salary Package: ****K basic  comm  car allowance  private healthcare