Title: Sports, Fitness & Personal Training Lecturer and Assessor
Webindex: 72438786
Company: Tobias Recruitment Ltd
Description: A college based in Central London are looking to recruit a 'Sports, Fitness Personal Training Lecturer and Assessor'. This role will require you too work flexible hours on a fixed term contract up until the end of July 20********. You will be responsible for candidates for up to 2 cohorts, in the capacity of the tutor and assessor. You are to support and guide the students at all time to ensure that the learning is fun, interesting and appropriate. You are to guide them through the assessments providing feedback to ensure the candidate develop their skills and have a clear understanding on their ILP’s and what is required for them to complete their programme. You will be working with in a team to help develop the course in both the delivery and techniques. The role incorporates the following  To be available to deliver formal scheduled teaching on subjects from the fitness qualifications to achieve and be fully committed to retention and achievement figures of 90% retention and success. A record of ‘good’ (in line with OFSTED/ALI grades) lesson observations, with the aim to achieve an ‘Outstanding’ performance. Attend any relevant external events, conferences or workshops as required. To attend all lessons **** minutes before start time so as adequately prepared. To correctly complete registration documents at the beginning of each class and keep these updated. To report accurately on the progress of both individuals and groups progress and to forward these on to the Program Manager on a monthly basis. To hand in sampling to the IV throughout the life of the program To work with and liaise with your Internal Verifier and provide requested sampling on time Marking of learners assignments and examinations in agreed two week turn around with clear and constructive feedback using the correct documents Interpersonal skills are paramount, assessors need to be willing and demonstrate the ability to cooperate, work and communicate with colleagues, supervisors, learners and persons in authority. A positive image is required at all times in the college. You MUST have the following skills / experience  NVQ or equivalent at Level 2 and 3in Fitness and Personal Training BTEC Sport Science or Fitness Training A1 Award (TAQA) or equivalent or working towards Pttl’s or Cert Ed qualification or equivalent or working towards Significant sector experience Previous experience in teaching **** year olds This is a fantastic opportunity for the right candidate to join an established college with excellent career prospects and generous staff benefits. PLEASE APPLY NOW This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SportsFitnessPersonalTrainingLecturerandAssessor_job****