Title: Paediatric Staff Nurse Job London
Webindex: 46627361
Description: Paediatric Staff Nurse Job London Paediatric Intensive Care & Paediatric Ward Staff Nurses & Senior Staff Nurses required (General and Intensive Care) Upto **** per annum plus excellent benefit packages One of Central London’s leading private paediatric healthcare providers is seeking to recruit experienced Paediatric ICU Nurses and ward nurses at both Staff Nurse and Senior Staff Nurse level for their ICU and ward areas. This hospital is a centre of excellence and provides an exceptional quality of medical care to babies, infants and children and their families. The ward area is open to both elective and emergency admissions and comprises of **** private rooms, a playroom and consulting and echocardiology suites. There is also a stateoftheart 5 bedded PPCU (Paediatric Progressive Care Unit). Applicants will be able to demonstrate a minimum of 1 years post registration experience and it is desirable to have experience in the Cardiac, Oncology and/or Neurology specialties. The Paediatric Intensive Care unit is able to provide multi organ support and is equipped with the latest in cardiac, ventilator and renal replacement technologies. The unit cares for level 2 and level 3 patients and it specialises in the management of complex medical, surgical and cardiac cases but it also provides support for all medical/surgical emergencies within the hospital. Successful applicants will be rewarded with excellent internal and external training opportunities and professional and career development is actively encouraged. You will also be rewarded with excellent salaries and a great flexible benefits package that include: Interest Free Season ticket loan Contributory Pension Scheme Private medical insurance Discounted gym memberships Substantial discount scheme for a broad range of high street retailers, including supermarkets, fashion retailers and many more. If you would be interested in finding out more then please click apply today. Paediatric Staff Nurse Job London