Title: Advanced Nurse Practitioner Nottingham
Webindex: 46634744
Description: The post holder is an experienced nurse who, acting within their professional boundaries, will provide care for the presenting patient at the Prison from initial history taking, clinical assessment, diagnosis, treatment and evaluation of care. The Nurse Practitioner will demonstrate safe, clinical decisionmaking and expert care, including assessment and diagnostic skills for patients within the prison. The post holder will demonstrate critical thinking in the clinical decisionmaking process. They will work collaboratively with the Healthcare team and make referrals to other members of the Healthcare team in order to meet the needs of patients, supporting the delivery of policy and procedures, and providing nurse leadership as required. As a Nurse Practitioner you shall make the care of people your first concern, treating all residents within the prison as individuals and respecting their dignity. Working with others to protect and promote the health and well being of those in your care, their families and carers, and the wider community within the centre. You will provide a high standard of practice at all times. Clinical practice As a Nurse Practitioner you will assess, diagnose, plan, implement and evaluate treatment and interventions and care for patients presenting with an undifferentiated diagnosis. You will competently clinically examine and assess patient needs from a physiological and psychological perspective, and plan clinical care accordingly. You will have the ability and confidence to assess, diagnosis, plan, implement and evaluate interventions/treatments for patients with complex needs and proactively identify, diagnose and manage treatment plans for patients at risk of developing a longterm condition (as appropriate). You will diagnose and manage both acute and chronic conditions, integrating both drug and nondrugbased treatment methods into a management plan. You will be competent in prescribing and reviewing medication for therapeutic effectiveness, appropriate to patient needs and in accordance with evidencebased practice and national and practice protocols, and within scope of practice. You will carry out initial Health Screen assessments at reception in a comprehensive and timely manner as per contract requirements.