Title: Specialty Doctor Paedicatrics  CG****/SHOW/SHOW
Webindex: 71334753
Company: NHS Lothian
Description: Further information about our opportunities in Paedicatrics and Neonates can be found on the following Microsite http://www.nhslothianmedicaljobs.co.uk/opportunities/index.html Applications are invited for substantive specialty doctors at Department of Medical Paediatrics St Johns Hospital Livingston and the Royal Hospital for Sick Children Edinburgh. The posts are fulltime but also interested in applicants who may wish to work a lesser number of sessions. The posts are based at the St Johns Hospital Livingston with out of hours work there. The post holders will have the opportunity to negotiate day time sessions at the Royal Hospital for Sick Children in Edinburgh. Applicants will be required to be fully registered with GMC with a license to practice. Informal enquiries should be made to Dr David Valentine Consultant Paediatrician email: david.valentinenhslothian.scot.nhs.uk  or to Dr Paul Eunson Clinical Director of Paediatrics email:paul.eunsonluht.scot.nhs.uk  **** This post requires the post holder to have a PVG Scheme membership/ record. If the post holder is not a current PVG member for the required regulatory group (i.e. child and/or adult) then an application will need to be made to Disclosure Scotland and deemed satisfactory before they can begin in post. The fee incurred for the application to join the PVG Scheme is ?**** and this will be payable by the successful candidate for all medical and dental posts with effect from 1st November 2012. The completed application form should be sent to medical.personnelnhslothian.scot.nhs.uk by the closing date quoting the reference number. No applications will be considered after this time. All NHS Scotland and NHS Lothian medical vacancies are now advertised on www.medicaljobs.scot.nhs.uk More Information The completed application form should be sent to medical.personnelnhslothian.scot.nhs.uk by the closing date quoting the reference number. No applications will be considered after this time. All NHS Scotland and NHS Lothian medical vacancies are now advertised on www.medicaljobs.scot.nhs.uk