Title: Senior Information Analyst (Band 6)
Webindex: 68718345
Company: NHS National Services Scotland   Information Services
Description: As a vital part of NHS Scotland, NHS National Services Scotland’s mission is to enable and support the delivery of better health and better care. The Information Services Division (ISD) is a division of National Services Scotland working in partnership with a wide range of organizations  NHS Boards, hospitals, general practitioners, Community Health Partnerships, local authorities, voluntary organisations, academia and many other care and service providers to provide a range of specialised information support services. Information Services (ISD) collects, validates, interprets and disseminates information on Health, and Health and Social Care in Scotland. See our website at www.show.scot.nhs.uk and www.isdscotland.org. We provide high quality information using modern techniques to our users. Our analysis, interpretation and advice support the NHS in progressing quality improvement in health and care and facilitating robust planning and decision making. We wish to recruit to posts in a number of our analytical teams. All candidates should be numerate graduates (or with equivalent experience) with an interest in health information and experience of data analysis. They should be enthusiastic and strongly motivated individuals who are committed to team working and a desire to provide excellent services. At the senior level relevant experience in health related research or information work, preferably in the specialist field of medical/health statistics, and an understanding of project management are essential. You will also be required to provide advice and guidance on statistical matters to both internal & external customers and to carry out innovative analyses of data as necessary. Strong organisational and interpersonal skills are also required. The successful candidate(s) must comply with the Mandatory Induction Standards and with the Code of Conduct for Healthcare Support Workers. Employer details: NSS is the common name for the Common Services Agency for the Scottish Health Service.