Title: Clinical Data Analyst  Permanent  London
Webindex: 69733802
Company: Hudson IT
Description: Data Analyst, Clinical Data Analyst, Statistics, Biostatistics, SPSS or SAS, Business Objects, SQL or Oracle Our award winning client is looking for a Data Analyst to join a busy team in central / north London. Applicant will provide statistical analysis and reporting of data captured through various applications within the Quality Support Services. Applicant will be expected to consult on design of statistical analysis plans, perform highlevel statistical processes and report findings to multiple constituencies. Applicant must be fluent in the use of Business Objects, Excel, Access and SPSS particularly in the areas of query writing and analytical processing. Must work well within a project team environment. General Responsibility: ****Collaborates with IT and Clinical Departments to design analysis plans, perform statistical programming, data analysis, and report writing. ****Provides consultation on design of data processing systems, specifying the needed output, the required input and the methods of validation and quality control. Responsible for ensuring the statistical validity and epidemiological applicability of study activities by solving problems occurring in the data collection process. ****Works with IT and Clinical Departments Department staff to recommend and administer effective statistical methodology and strategies necessary for the creation, completion, and analysis of epidemiology or research projects and supervises the planning and designing of analytical procedures by others. ****Provides technical expertise, consultation, advice on statistical analysis, methods and techniques for datastudies. Collaborates with other researchers in the healthcare disciplines. Requirements: Masters Degree e.g. MPH, MHA, MBA, MS, MA (Masters Degree in Statistics or Biostatistics preferred). Expert knowledge of SPSS or SAS software preferred. Expert knowledge of Microsoft Office. Intermediate to Advanced knowledge of Business Objects. Strong database skills  Particularly querying skills and the knowhow to transform datasets so they may be imported into various applications (Ex. Converting query output into a flat file for import into SPSS). Working knowledge of SQL and Oracle. If you think this sounds like you, please send over your CV for an immediate response. Please note you will receive an automated response advising you that we have received your CV. Hudson is a leading provider of permanent recruitment, contract professionals and talent management solutions worldwide.