Title: Pharmaceutical  Analytical Chemist Mass Spectrometry Jobs in
Webindex: 71713234
Company: Flame Pharma
Description: Pharmaceutical  Analytical Chemist Mass Spectrometry Jobs in Northern Ireland Flame Pharma is now working with one of the world s leaders in providing analytical services, drug development and research services. We are recruiting for an Analytical Chemist Mass Spectrometry for their laboratory in Northern Ireland to perform, monitor and accept accountability for all assigned analytical duties relating to specific chemistry and/or analytical projects Key aspects of the Analytical Chemist Mass Spectrometry opportunity:  Perform analytical testing in line with project requirements. This includes MS and HPLC analysis and interpretation in support of impurity and metabolite elucidation, chemical development, bioanalysis, stability studies, process development, protein and peptide analysis radiolabelled projects.  Develop and suitably validate analytical methods in support of API and/or drug product manufacture and/or standalone analytical projects.  Ensure that all analytical work associated with a project is completed to the required standard and to agreed project timelines and ensure that work is performed using the agreed amount of resource or less.  Take responsibility for allocated work in order to ensure a successful project outcome as measured by QQTE (Quantity, Quality, Timelines Efficiency).  Prepare and review data and documents accurately and efficiently, inline with the Analytical Department s culture of RightFirstTime.  Retain an up to date knowledge of analytical techniques and equipment.  Be responsible for the management of own work schedule and provide regular updates to line manager and team members.  Ensure that unplanned deviations (UPDs) are kept to a minimum and that your line manager is notified as soon as UPDs are generated.  Ensure that any corrective or preventative action arising from UPDS is completed in full and within allocated timeframes.  Assist with the identification of alternative test methods and/or equipment to improve efficiency and maximise throughput of testing in the laboratories.  Make suggestions for the improvement of efficiency and/or reduction in operating costs within the Analytical Department and the wider company.  Identify incidents of out of specification results and inform the Team Leader  Assist in the generation of specifications and SOPs relevant to the Analytical Laboratories, ensuring that current versions are available. Key requirements of the Analytical Chemist Mass Spectrometry opportunity:  Degree in Analytical Chemistry, Chemistry, Biochemistry or a closely related field  Previous analytical experience within industry (i.e. pharmaceuticals/fine chemistry)  Demonstrated hands on experience in LCMS and GCMS in an industrial or academic environment  Experience in interpretation of Mass Spectra for pharmaceutical/biopharmaceutical compounds  Experience of drug substance or drug product analysis in a GMP/GLP environment  Experience in HPLC method development and validation within a pharmaceutical environment  Small and large molecule experience is desirable To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Analytical Chemist Mass Spectrometry Opportunities across the UK and Europe  Contact Flame Pharma free phone on **** **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** or email careersflamepharma.com Flame Health Associates LLP incorporating Flame Pharma operates as an Employment Agency Employment Business Key Words Key Words Analytical Chemist Mass Spectrometry, LCMS, GCMS, Mass Spectrometry, Liquid chromatographymass spectrometry, Gas chromatographymass spectrometry, Analytical Chemist, Analytical Scientist, Analysis, Organic Chemistry, Organic Chemist, HPLC