Title: Nurse / RGN Assistant Manager
Webindex: 70251304
Company: Websense Recruit
Description: The Role: Assistant Manager  Respite Hotel  Stoke on Trent Salary and Benefits: **** circa, depending on experience. The Client: Our client provides supported housing, care homes, and independent living to persons with learning disabilities in Staffordshire Our clients new development in Bucknall, Stoke on Trent, will offer short respite breaks, overnight stays, and day opportunities for people with a learning disability, to give their carers a break. During a stay staff will help people to use and develop the skills they need for everyday life. The service will be designed for people who may have a range of needs, from low to medium physical and/or behavioural needs; and medium to high physical and/or behavioural needs. As a new scheme, it is imperative that it is led by a strong and enthusiastic Management team. The Management need to not only champion and organise the development and setup, but also lead and energise a team once operational. They aim to appoint wellahead of opening; which provides a unique and exciting opportunity for the successful candidate to be involved with the General Manager in the development stages. The post holder will report to the General Manager and in their absence will undertake the full range of the General Manager's duties. In addition the post holder will be expected to work in a flexible way and in other service settings as required. Together with other management colleagues, participation in the organisations managers' oncall rota will also be required. The main purpose and responsibilities of the post are as follows: Together with the General Manager; lead, monitor and coordinate the activities of the staff team in the delivery of high quality, person centred services to customers in accordance with their plans of care and the organisation's Quality Assurance Framework. Together with the General Manager; ensure that the environment and staff team operate in accordance with the appropriate regulatory; statutory and organisational standards and requirements and that the environment always presents as being clean, safe and comfortable. Be responsible for analysing data and information relating to the health and well being of customers and implement any changes required in relation to their care and support needs. Similarly, the post holder, together with the General Manager will be responsible for analysing data and information relating to the efficient operation of the setting, ensuring that any efficiencies and improvements identified are implemented, thus contributing to the delivery of a high quality 'value for money' service. Candidate Requirements: You will be a Registered Nurse (Learning Disability or Mental Health) Minimum of 2 years experience working with people who have a learning disability and /or mental health needs in relevant care setting Knowledge and application of CQC standards and planning and coordinating care and support activities Working with people with physical and sensory disability. Closing date is Friday 15th February 2013. Please detail salary required on your CV How to progress your application: If you feel this role fits your experience and background then please apply for the role using the 'apply' button. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NurseRGNAssistantManager_job****