Title: Lead Nurse  West Mercia
Webindex: 72439880
Company: Medacs Healthcare
Description: Job Purpose: To develop and provide an excellent clinical service, meeting the clinical requirements within the contract to the Client(s).Performing the role of a Custody Nurse, providing leadership, management and the development of Custody Nurses alongside the FME team where appropriate. Key Result Areas: To act as lead for all Custody Nurses within the relevant contract area.  To provide mentoring, training and appraisals for Custody Nurses.  To report to the Head of Clinical Services a high level summary of Custody Nurse Appraisals  To agree with Medacs Managed Healthcare the support and training outcomes of Custody Nurses’ Personal Development Plans following Induction and/or Appraisal.  To ensure all Custody Nurses meet the required competency and compliance levels.  To assist in the recruitment of new Custody Nurses.  To develop and monitor audit systems for working practices in conjunction with the Contract Manager, Lead FME’s and Lead Custody Nurses where appropriate.  To work with the Contract Manager to address Client concerns/complaints.  To train Police and Custody staff as required.  To provide clinical expertise/advice to Medacs Managed Healthcare.  To attend Client/prospective Client presentations/meetings to provide clinical expertise and information on behalf of Medacs Managed Healthcare.  To work within key National Service Frameworks to enhance the provision of healthcare in the custodial setting.  To develop links with local (Primary and Secondary Care Trusts) and national agencies to support the development of robust and clear clinical pathways for detainees and victims.  To work within current Medacs Managed Healthcare policies and procedures and those of the Client.  To report/notify instances of unsafe or inappropriate working practices to the Contract Manager.  To develop the service provided to the Client within current legal frameworks and professional constraints.  To write witness statements, if appropriate, from Custody Nurses’ records where the Custody Nurse is unavailable.  To undertake any other role appropriate to the Lead Nurse. To work autonomously within the scope of clinical practice, policies, guidelines and relevant law as a Custody Nurse on the Contract Rota  To attend All calls as requested and directed by the call centre  To undertake clinical assessments and offer care to persons detained by the police or other agencies as required – to assess fitness for detention, interview, release or transfer.  To provide healthcare interventions to manage minor illness or injury and take appropriate actions and refer onwards for more serious conditions  To undertake forensic examination of persons in police care – to record (and if appropriate give opinion of cause of) injuries and/or collect DNA evidence  To undertake forensic examination of police officers/staff injured whilst on duty – to record (and if appropriate give opinion of cause of) injuries and manage these appropriately  To collect specimens as required under legislation  To undertake intimate body searches/facilitate safe removal of concealed items or drugs with consent of the detainee.(Searches to be conducted in an Accident and Emergency department only).  To provide written statements as required  To give oral testimony as required in any Court or Tribunal.  To make contemporaneous notes and maintain complete and accurate clinical records  To assess alcohol and drug intoxication and withdrawal.  To undertake mental health assessments where appropriate.  To support the development of medical services with the Lead FMEs/Contract Manager and peers  To undertake all duties as required of a Healthcare Professional in custody and to comply with the competencies, knowledge and skills framework of the Department of Health.  To comply with all requirements and/or legislation of the post.  To maintain clinical/forensic skills and competencies and maintain an auditable record of experience.  To carry out any other activity or action appropriate to the role of a Custody Nurse as required The tasks and responsibilities shown above are not exhaustive but should merely be regarded as a guide.The jobholder will be expected to conduct any reasonable activities according to the business needs at that time. These will be subject to periodic review and may be amended to meet the changing needs of the service.The job holder will be expected to participate in this process and the company would aim to reach agreement to changes. Key Skills:  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LeadNurseWestMercia_job****