Title: Regulatory Manager  Cosmetics  LONDON
Webindex: 69265472
Company: Nonstop Pharma
Description: Regulatory Manager  Cosmetics  London This position would suit somebody at Associate or Senior Associate level who would be comfortable in a standalone, diverse and non corporate position. Our client is a small Consumer product organisation specialising in the development and distribution of cosmetic product ranges. They boast a driven, youthful team and take pride in adopting a non corporate culture making the office environment friendly, relaxed and buoyant. Management and Directors are approachable to encourage an open communication style. This office environment would suit only those who are happy to work in a fast paced and dynamic working atmosphere where all must take a hands on approach regardless of job title (where necessary). Located close to the west end and in an area with an appealing nightlife as well as spectacular views of many monuments, this offers a great work life balance for those who enjoy a busy social life. The area also has many well known restaurants. THE POSITION The company seek a Global Regulatory specialist to help register cosmetic products worldwide. Some regulatory frameworks (outside of the EU) have no framework and so in parts, you will be establishing a regulatory framework from scratch. Particular focus initially will be within EMEA and Asia as this is a high growth stage of the company. As a Regulatory and Technical Manager you will be involved in Rviewing all formulations and labelling, handling all artwork changes. You will provide technical input into all New Product Development and have responsibility for registration worldwide. Being the only regulatory professional within the organisation, you will be responsible for checking compliance for gloal legilsation QUALIFICATIONS A degree within Cosmetics or a science related degree is an ideal requirement. Experience supercedes this and applications accepted from those with other degrees such as Chemistry or Natural sciences Candidates must demonstrate a solid regulatory background ideally within Cosmetics or Detergents, REACh (Chemicals), Pharmaceuticals, OTC, Biocides etc. National or European regulatory experience is sufficent. Candidates do not need to demonstrate worldwide regulatory experience, although this will be an advantage Applications are encouraged from those who do not like to work within large companies and within a corporate working culture. Please send in an MS WORD copy of your CV to a.kanjinonstoppharma.ch and contact Abid Kanji for further information