Title: Occupational Health Screening Nurse
Webindex: 70677166
Company: Molson Coors
Description: Position: Occupational Health Screening Nurse  6 months Fixed Term Contract Location: Burton on Trent Salary: circa ****  excellent benefits including product allowance We are recruiting for an Occupational Health Screening Nurse to provide effective, quality, Occupational Health screening services. You will provide skilled and effective Occupational Health screening services at different locations across Molson Coors UK. At Molson Coors Brewing Company, our vision is simple  we seek to delight the world s beer drinkers while securing our future as a toptier global brewer. Molson Coors Brewing Company UK (Ltd) is behind some of the country s biggest and most established brands. It means our brewery in BurtononTrent is a hotbed of activity, with new supplies and materials arriving daily, and finished products going out to customers right across the country. We re the UK s second largest brewer and the European subsidiary of Molson Coors  the global family brewer. We boast Europe s largest brewery and brew some 7 million barrels of beer a year. Available in over 30 countries, our brands include Carling, Grolsch, Coors Light, Worthington s and White Shield, all of which are brewed by our exceptional people in locations throughout the UK. As an Occupational Health Screening Nurse your duties will include:  Providing and carrying out Occupational Health needs assessments, pre placement screening, exit medicals, ongoing health surveillance and fitness to work assessments , in line with statutory and local requirements to promote a safe and healthy working environment and early detection of work related illhealth and injury.  Assist in the education of clients to encourage and promote positive health choices.  Ensure effective record keeping and up to date robust recall systems for health surveillance and fitness to work programmes in line with statutory and local requirements.  Maintain and control clinic facilities, i.e. equipment, stock and supplies to highest possible standards to ensure that they meet statutory and local requirements in a cost effective and efficient manner.  Make onward referrals to Occupational Health Advisors, Physicians and other provider agencies as necessary.  Assist in health promotion activities thus enabling individuals to promote and maintain the health and safety of themselves and others.  Keep health records (either written or computerised) for clients that provide an accurate account of screening undertaken.  Ensure that recording keeping is in accordance with department Policies and Procedures, NMC Code of professional conduct and statutory requirements.  Keep an electronic diary for the purpose of planning and recording work.  Keep the Lead Occupational Health Advisor informed of workload restraints and resource implications, trends which may adversely affect the level of service provision.  Adhere to Department Policies, Procedures, professional standards, statutory duties and guidelines. We are looking for someone who has a Registered General Nursing Qualification with the Nursing and Midwifery Council (NMC) with experience of working in an Occupational Health setting. You will also have good working knowledge of relevant legislation relating to audiometry, COSHH, and ergonomic assessment, control and advice. Ideally you will also have been on the relevant accredited Audiometry, Hand Arm Vibration and Spirometry courses. If that sounds great to you, then please apply online at URL removed We look forward to hearing from you.