Title: Health Economist  12 Month Fixed Term
Webindex: 72440897
Company: Paramount Recruitment Pharmaceutical
Description: Health Economist  12 Month Fixed Term Contract  London Health Economic graduates wanted to join a health services research team as a Health Economist on a 12 month fixed term contract basis and be part of a vibrant, diverse and supportive team based in London. Funded by NICE this research team develops evidence based clinical practice guidelines for the NHS, it aims to improve the quality of patient care by constantly increasing medical standards and providing an extensive range of services to the medical world. They carry out training, education and research activities, conduct examinations and raise awareness of medical matters. As a Health Economist you will be part of the technical and guideline development team providing health economic input across two guidelines. You will collect relevant information, conduct decision analytic modelling, present economic evidence and write up the evidence for the guidelines. You will report to the Senior Health Economist or Lead Health Economist. Key Responsibilities:  Systematic review of economic evidence  Conduct economic modelling  Contribute to guideline development meetings  Write and edit summaries of economic evidence  Work closely with the technical team and guideline development group  Liaise with the relevant government bodies You will possess a Degree in Health Economics, Health Services Research, Public Health or Operational Research, you must have knowledge of decision analytic modelling, cost effective or cost utility analysis, health economic analysis, epidemiology and clinical research methods and the use of data management packages such as STATA or SPSS and experience of health related research, statistical analysis, economic analysis, guideline development and writing reports is highly desirable. You should be a team player with excellent written and verbal communication skills. This is an exciting opportunity within an enthusiastic and friendly team. Competitive salaries dependant on experience and excellent benefits including a pension scheme, a generous holiday entitlement (plus bank holidays), free staff dining facilities, enhanced maternity pay, childcare vouchers, training/short courses available, occupational health services, cycle to work scheme, discounted gym membership, and the use of onsite facilities are all available to the successful candidate. Key Words  HEOR, Health Economist, Health Economics, Health Economy, Cost Effectiveness Analysis, Systematic Review, Epidemiology, Clinical Research, STATA, SPSS, Healthcare, London, UK, Europe For further information on the role or company please contact Amie Adams at Paramount Recruitment on **** **** **** Paramount Recruitment Limited provides services as an agency and an employment business. We regularly have similar roles in this area. Please see our website for details or send your CV in to us to find out the latest opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HealthEconomist12MonthFixedTerm_job****