Title: QA Officer  Biopharmaceutical
Webindex: 70763892
Company: Focused Management Resources Limited
Description: QA Officer  Biopharmaceutical My client is an expanding Life Science company based in the Reading area; they are looking for a QA Officer to assist the Site QA and European QA Team perform their activities in order to satisfy customers, regulatory authorities and Global QA. The ideal candidate will have a university degree, diploma or equivalent in a life science discipline, a minimum of **** year s experience in a laboratory or manufacturing environment and a minimum of **** year experience in a Quality Assurance position. Good understanding of GLP and/or GMP requirements is essential. Excellent eye for detail, the ability to critically review documents, good practical knowledge of Microsoft Office, fluency in written and spoken English are essential. Personally you are open to new challenges, reliable and flexible; you are able to work to deadlines and you can work independently as well as in a team. Positive attitude with excellent interpersonal and communication skills make you a perfect candidate for this position. Key accountabilities: Assist in the implementation maintenance and improvement of the QMS. Assist in the setting up and monitor compliance of the biopharmaceutical stability and formulation services. Review protocols and reports, including analytical raw data, in order to verify compliance with GXP principles, ICH guidelines and relevant SOPs . Analyse trending. Perform internal audits of facilities, systems, documentation and procedures. Prepare audit reports summarising audit observations, distribute the report to appropriate personnel and follow up actions. Oversee equipment qualification and validation. Assist during regulatory, customer and global QA audits. Reporting to the Manager, Quality Assurance. My client is part of a large global company and yet small enough for any team member to have a visible impact and be able to be involved in all parts of the quality system. They provide a satisfactory and exciting work environment, compensation adequate to experience and attractive benefits package. The facilities are situated in an attractive area of the Thames Valley with good schools and rail service connections