Title: Management/Admin : Nurse Managers x2  Medical & Surgical
Webindex: 72424494
Description: Fantastic opportunity to join the UK’s leading private healthcare organisation. Our client, a wellestablished, highly reputable, 170bed private hospital located in the South Manchester area, with seven theatres, a two theatre Endoscopy Suite, ten bed day care unit, six bed Intensive Care and seven bed Progressive Care Unit is urgently seeking two experienced Nurse Managers. One vacancy is for a Nurse Manager to work on Lancaster ward, which primarily cares for medical patients, and one vacancy is for a Nurse Manager to work on Stafford ward, which primarily cares for surgical patients. Both of the vacancies are full time (37.5 hrs per week), permanent contracts. Role Purpose To provide clinical leadership and management by: • Supporting the Director of Clinical Services and Senior Nurses deliver the clinical governance framework and Nursing Strategy • Providing clinical direction and leadership for the nursing team • Managing the provision of the 24 hour clinical service • Coordinating and maintaining the delivery of safe clinical quality and care standards • Ensuring compliance with appropriate regulatory and best practice frameworks as applied to nursing • Supporting and deputising for the Senior Nurses when required Knowledge / Skills / Qualifications / Personal Attributes ? Highly proactive and motivated to deliver high standards of nursing care ? Strong organisational and planning skills, including risk management ? Results driven, possessing evidence of having delivered against targets within an acute clinical setting ? Strong interpersonal skills: ? Able to communicate clearly with a range of people at differing levels across the hospital, ? Able to motivate, shape and direct a team to maximise motivation ? Able to support and develop staff to deliver business goals ? Good financial awareness and control: ? Anticipates, manages and monitors risks and deliverables ? Must be a Registered General Nurse (current NMC registration essential) ? General clinical experience in an acute setting ? Experience of deputy or managerial responsibility, with responsibility for leading a team of nursing staff ? Must possess an ENB 998 or equivalent mentor qualification or be willing to undertake a relevant course ? Knowledge of NMC Codes and guidelines and their implications for practice ? Knowledge of the Care Standards Act and Care Quality Commission Requirements ? Knowledge of Quality Assurance tools ? Knowledge of Human Resource policies, tools and techniques, including interviewing, conducting performance reviews, performance coaching and formal HR processes e.g. disciplinary ? Management qualification (desirable) ? Education to a degree level (desirable) A competitive annual salary (****k p.a. negotiable), excellent benefits package (including pension, private healthcare, subsidised meals and free parking) and pleasant, friendly working environment all await the successful applicant. For further details, please contact Zoe at JP Recruit on **** **** Alternatively, to apply online, please click on the link. PLEASE NOTE: ONLY UK RESIDENTS WITH CURRENT ELIGIBILITY TO WORK IN THE UK NEED APPLY.