Title: Community Engagement Assistant
Webindex: 66748816
Company: MCCH Society Ltd
Description: Job Description for a Community Engagement A ssistant (Mental Health) (PA equivalent) Purpose of the Job To support people with mental health needs to live and enjoy their life, according to their wishes, needs, abilities and aspirations , affording them choice and respect , in line with the mission and values of mcch . To work as part of a team to deliver a community engagement service for people with mental health issues, supporting Individuals to achieve their community inclusion aspirations. To work in partnership with a range of community agencies, providers, health professionals and training agencies to ensure a range of opportunities for Individuals to support progress on their life pathway and ensure optimum community inclusion. To support adherence to best practice models of community engagement services , in line with the modernisation agenda . Main Responsibilities of the Job  To work within the staff team , providing support to up to **** i ndividuals , as directed by the Team Leader, ensuring a consistent approach to providing community engagement support .  To provide support and supervision to Relief Support Workers.  To manage a caseload of individuals , working with them access community activities including IT and UK online; and creat ing and maintain ing their personal documentation, risk assessments and support plans  To be aware of and implement safeguarding procedures on a day to day basis , ensur ing adherence to best practice.  To support i ndividuals to improve their own physical and mental wellbeing.  To recognise the barriers to c ommunity i nclusion, identifying appropriate solutions.  To quality monitor objectives, goal plans and use of LifeworX, inhouse processes and s ystems and participate in reviews.  To promote a user  led service, both internally and externally, consulting with Team Leader as appropri ate.  To market the services to purchasers, partner organisations and referring agencies , using a variety of methods including presentations, developing promotional material and visits.  To support the personalisation agenda within the service; building effective communication with all i ndividuals, partnership organisations and others.  To maintain and develop professional links with all external agencies , enabling effective signposting including Department of Work and Pensions, GP Consortia, Job Centre Plus and other providers .  To be part of the delivery team for Mental Health and ****E’s directorate ’s internal Learning and Development.  To support and cover service activities when required and as directed by Team Leader. D uties of the Job  To key work individuals using LifeworX , developing effective working relationships and establishing aspirations.  To ensure effective and appropriate communication with all stakeholders including i ndividuals, purchaser s , staff, community agencies and partner organisations.  To effectively manage risk and support positive risk taking when working w ith i ndividuals.  To provide flexible support based on i ndividual need and preferences , enabling i ndividuals to make informed decisions and choices.  To ensure the working environment is presentable at all times and portrays a professional image .  To attend relevant meetings, conferences and events.  To take on other duties as considered commensurate to the post; including providing support across the Directorate, as defined with Line Management.  To work with Team Leader and colleagues to ensure that tasks are carried out to a high standard .  To carry out administration work which could include but is not limited to:  report writing, handling money, filing, telephone and computer work.  To participate in training and supervision to develop own skills and support provided.  Management of sensitive personal information Training and Support  You will receive an induction to mcch and to your job.  You will have a Line Manager and receive regular supervision.  You will be provided with training to enable you to do your job effectively.  mcch will, where possible and relevant to your job, support you to further your training and learning. The Right Person for the Job (person specification) Criteria Essential Qualifications Experience of working in mental health and community engagement services . To have or working towards QCF Level 2 or equivalent Full driving licen s e High Standard of l iteracy and n umeracy Demonstrable Knowledge Understand ing of the mcch’s values and principles Understand ing of challenges for people with varying disabilities Thorough understanding of safeguarding issues and procedures , including Deprivation of Liberty and Mental Capacity principles W orking knowledge of the current welfare benefits system Knowledge of current legislation and best practice in terms of personalisation , brokerage and community engagement Knowledge of Caldecott principles, maintaining confidentiality at all times and reporting information in accordan ce with policies and procedures Skills/ Experience Proven experience of working with people with mental health issues To ensure effective listening skills are applied in all activities undertaken with individuals, providing information consistently and concisely Ability to Lone Work and take decisions quickly on own initiative Proactive and solutions focussed Effective communication and a ctive listening skills Organisational skills and accurate record keeping IT Skills including UK online Marketing and presentation skills Experience of partnership working Confidence in dealing with external agencies Demonstrable ability to support and supervise others Personal attributes Ability to deal with competing demands and multiple tasks Selfmanagement Able to meet deadlines Discretion and tact while working with i ndividuals, partner organisations and relatives Belief in mcch philosophy Belief in social inclusion of individuals with mental health needs A pproachable and flexible Empathic attitude Positive attitude and s olutions focused A role model for others Good team player Behavioural Competence Value Diversity Customer Focus Growing and Developing Working Together Quality Service Other A ble to travel within the geographical area in a timely and effective manner