Title: Care Coordinator  Leeds
Webindex: 68305938
Company: PULSE
Description: PULSE Community Healthcare is a leading provider of specialist Complex Care Services in individual’s own homes and communities. We deliver genuine person centred care, focused on achieving outcomes that really make a difference to people’s lives.This is your opportunity to develop and deliver a unique, innovative service based on the principles of quality, safety and best practice in a forward thinking company.We currently provide Care Packaging within the fields of Spinal Injuries, ABI, Mental Health, Learning Disabilities, MND, End of Life and Physical Disabilities, and are keen to expand their areas of expertise in an everchanging environment.As a result we are looking to recruit a Care Coordinator working within the Leeds location.Reporting to the Branch Manager/Care Manager, the Care Coordinator provides a serviceto clients which includes support workers and enablement workers to assist individuals tolive within their own homes and communities whatever their abilities. Maintaining relationships with existing clients and building new client relationships.Generate vacancies from clients, then to match candidate with relevant qualifications/experience to vacancies. Ensuring quality assurance for the sector / team.A 'hands on’ operational role.Duties: Check references of candidates before referral to client  ensure updated references are obtained on completion of assignment Ensure compliance & quality control documentation (e.g. CRB checks) has been completed prior to assignment to clients Prepare CV and correspondence to forward to client Confirming candidate interview schedule Advise candidates of the success or failure of their application Assists with ensuring branch’s compliance with relevant quality policies and procedures and legislative requirements and keeping up to date with changes as determined by the Quality and Compliance team. Assists with ensuring all candidates cleared for work are compliant with internal recruitment policies and procedures. Assists with preparation of branch for audit by the internal Quality and Compliance team and external authorities Ensure all checks are carried out in line with Company standards Responsibility for answering incoming calls efficiently  presenting a professional and businesslike manner at all times Resolve complaints/problems quickly & accurately following appropriate procedure Adheres to the company’s health and safety policies and procedures, reporting issues to management if required.About you: Be able to develop person centred care plans with clients Ability to organise and prioritise own work load Strong interpersonal skills Good telephone manner Strong IT skillsOther Experiences: Undertaking comprehensive risk assessments Interviewing and coordinating support workers Managing client relationships Managing groups of support workers and willing to travel frequently (own car is a requirement).You will be confident and articulate and able to connect with people at all levels. Ideally you will have experience of working with clients with complex needs. You will need to be a registered nurse. You will be determined and self motivated, possessing a positive attitude and the drive to succeed.So why choose PULSE? PULSE is listed in the Times Top 100 companies to work for We offer excellent training and orientation packages with ongoing support and career development opportunities. We also offer a wealth of company benefits including a pension scheme, private healthcare and 25 days holiday.