Title: Deputy manager  Care Home ( RGN / RMN )
Webindex: 69981953
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Appoint Group vacancy Job Title  Deputy Manager Location  Horsham (West Sussex) Salary Circa **** Hours: Full time Contract type: Permanent We are delighted to be assisting an excellent care home based in Horsham in their search for a Deputy Home Manager. This spacious and wellequipped house provides care and nursing for older people including those who are mentally frail with dementia. The home also provides specialist care for people with neurological conditions. The service enjoys an excellent reputation for care quality and succeeds in offering an attentive, friendly and homely environment. Purpose of role:  To support the Registered Manager in all aspects of the Home management within the agreed staffing budget allocation.  To assist in the development both in terms of philosophy of care and business management to enable the Home to meet the requirements of registration.  To assist the Registered Manager in leading a multidisciplinary team and enable/ensure that individual programmes of care are developed, executed and evaluated for each resident and reviewed monthly.  Assist Registered Manager in staffing of the Home at all times ensuring that the needs of the residents and local registration requirements are met.  To maintain a multidisciplinary approach to care, and ensure the environment acknowledges and respects service users rights to choice, freedom, dignity and individual life style within the home. To be considered for the role, the applicant must have previous senior, deputy or team leader experience, although experience working with this type of clientele is not essential. Applicants must be confident in their ability to manage a team multidisciplined team of care staff and able to step up to a challenge and work without supervision. Sound clinical knowledge and skills are also important. The successful candidate will enjoy excellent working conditions, structured training and support, competitive salary, generous holiday entitlement and genuine opportunities for professional development. Person Specification  Applicants must be nurse qualified (either RGN or RMN), holding a valid PIN. More experienced nurses are ideally sought for. Prior experience of this service type is not required, as long as applicants are keen to learn and quick to pick up new skills. Applicants must have full eligibility to live and work in the UK without restriction. Applications will be held in the strictest confidence. For more information or to apply for the role please call Erin Banner on N/A and email your CV to erin.banner N/A .uk