Title: Regional Care Development Advisor London
Webindex: 58502087
Description: Job Title  Regional Care Development Adviser Location  North and West London  Home based Salary **** **** hours including car or oyster card & benefits Healthcare/Social care qualification required plus the necessary Community experience As a client Care Development Adviser you will be involved in promoting and securing the highest standard of care for people living with Motor Neurone disease and their carers through influencing statutory services and raising awareness of their practical and psychological needs amongst health and social care professionals. You will have regular contact with people affected by Motor Neurone disease and be able to apply this knowledge to champion their needs with service providers and to provide educational opportunities within your area. You will have a key role in coordinating and delivering the client's influencing strategy in your region. It is essential that you have a health or social care qualification, experience of working with the health/community care sector and an understanding of the impact that a terminal condition has on the lives of people affected. Experience in promoting and managing educational opportunities and of working with volunteers would be advantageous. You will be part of a highly motivated regional team, working single handed on a daytoday basis, with excellent interpersonal communication skills and the ability to selfmanage. You will have excellent computer software skills, the ability to assess complex problems, have strong managerial skills and be able to work independently or as part of a team. You will be required to live within the designated area of the post and also be flexible with hours. This is an excellent opportunity for a manager with a health or social care qualification and background to progress within this leading world class charity Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.