Title: Theatre Practitioner  Recovery
Webindex: 68572376
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Reed Nurse are currently seeking a Theatre Practitioner for a position that has become available at dynamic and fast growing private hospital that provides top quality surgery across a range of acute specialities. The high acuity of the surgery performed at the hospital, and the care that they give in each of these specialties, means there are very complex procedures carried out within their operating theatres every day. This would provide perhaps a surprising challenge to the successful candidate. They have a total of **** Theatres, including two brand new state of the art integrated Theatres, providing the best technical equipment and working environment. We are keen to talk to enthusiastic, experienced Recovery Staff who are ready to contribute and develop their clinical skills in this exciting environment. There is plenty of opportunity to develop your career and learn additional skills. General Responsibility: The post holder must have the relevant recovery experience to safely recovery patients following major surgery in specialities such as Orthopaedics, Thoracic, General, Urology, Gynaecology and some reconstructive surgery. The patients undergoing complex liver, neurosurgical and cardiac procedures typically transfer to Critical Care but some experience in these areas would be advantage. Requirements: RGN / RODP UK Theatre experience. The key requirements for the post are excellent clinical skills and standards combined with effective communication and interpersonal skills. The successful candidate must be able to demonstrate a desire to improve on their existing skill base and be able to add value to the department. For the proactive candidate there are opportunities to develop both clinically and academically in an acute setting with ongoing training provided. The role requires participation in an oncall rota. Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business.