Title: QSW Fostering Social Worker
Webindex: 48271431
Description: Qualified Social Worker  Fostering Social Worker  Merseyside Our client is looking for an experienced Qualified Social Worker to join their Fostering team based in the Merseyside area.  The role will mainly involve visiting and supporting foster careers.  To undertake thorough, professional assessments of prospective foster carers and present their assessments to panel.  To support a number of foster carers by regular visits, telephone calls (including out of hours), attendance at children's meetings and liaison with placing social workers.  To contribute to running the foster carers' support group programme.  To undertake duty and the matching of both emergency and planned referrals to vacancies.  To prepare draft advertisements for fostering purposes and generally assist with recruitment of carers and campaigns.  To coordinate efforts to secure foster families for named children.  Working in a Family Placement team.  Screening potential parents through a thorough assessment process.  Matching children to families.  Providing support to avoid placement breakdowns. Experience is preferred although they will consider those from other children's social work teams. To discuss this role or any other Qualified Social Worker jobs in Merseyside or in the Fostering field please contact Julia Snowball at The Synergy Group on **** **** **** or email your CV to julia.snowballsynergygroup.co.uk Working with The Synergy Group offers:  The most experienced Social Work recruitment team in the UK  Access to the broadest selection of Social Work vacancies in the UK  The choice of PAYE or limited company schemes  Weekly payroll service  Excellent rates of pay  Personal service The Synergy Group is a specialist recruiter of Social Work jobs, to view a full selection of our current social work vacancies please visit our website. The Synergy Group is an equal opportunities employer. For more opportunities, please visit www.synergygroup.co.uk