Title: Housing Officer  Learning Disability Charity  Leeds
Webindex: 68310403
Company: CHM Recruit
Description: Our client is the voice of learning disability. Everything they do is about valuing and supporting people with a learning disability and their families and carers. They work with people with a learning disability to change laws and services, challenge prejudice and directly support thousands of people to live their lives as they choose.Housing OfficerRef: DT****Location: Home Working covering Yorkshire & East MidlandsSalary: **** per annum  car or allowanceFor over ten years now, Golden Lane Housing has been increasing housing opportunities for people with learning disabilities. Their successes have been many, and they’ve developed a real reputation for innovation and quality – which is exactly what you will deliver. A key member of their regional team, you’ll actively enable their tenants to flourish in their homes and build independent lives. You’ll do so by providing advice and support and delivering housing management services. The building of relationships is an essential part of this role, not only with tenants but also with their families, their carers and a host of external agencies. As such, you’ll need to be customer focused, adaptable and comfortable communicating with all different kinds of people. Knowledge of housing issues is important too, supported by an understanding of learning disability. Formal housing training would be ideal, but they are also interested in hearing from people from associated areas such as social care. Closing date: 5pm on Friday 1st February 2013.Interview date: Thursday 14th February 2013.TO APPLY AND FOR FURTHER INFORMATION: Please click the apply button You will then receive an email from CHM Recruit with further details on who the Employer is, including a link to their website Once you have visited the Employer’s website, please follow their instructions on how to complete the application Please note the job board may ask to upload your CV to register, but you will be required to complete an application form from the Employer’s website. No agencies please.