Title: Nurse Manager / RMN
Webindex: 70764102
Company: Wizard Recruitment
Description: Our clients provide 24 hour care and accommodation for up to **** older people with mental health needs in particular people with Dementia. We are currently recruiting for a Deputy Nurse Manager / RMN Report to the Registered Manager and in their absence be responsible for the management of and the efficient deployment of all resources used within the unit. Will assist the Registered Manager in ensuring that the National Minimum Standards are always strictly adhered to. Will assist the Registered Manager in formulating nursing standards and other quality measurement criteria, in conjunction with the Regional Manager and Directors. Has specific responsibility, for the monitoring of all nursing standards and other quality measurement criteria. Will assist the Registered Manager in the overall management of all Registered Nurses and Support Staff on a day to day basis, ensuring that adequate staffing resources are available over the 24 hour period, with regard to numbers, qualifications, training, skills and experience, to meet the demands of the patients and a safe environment. Has specific responsibility for the supervisory management of all Registered Nurses, Support and other staff providing mentoring and supervision, instruction, counselling and adhere to the relevant Codes of Conduct. Will assist the Registered Manager in ensuring that the induction training, inhouse training and supervision provided to all staff, is conducive to providing an environment for all patients, that is caring, healthy, safe and therapeutic. JOB REQUIREMENTS In order to achieve this our Deputy Nurse Manager should have: Demonstrate excellent verbal and written skills ability to construct reports Ability to lead and manage others, promoting commitment, motivation and influencing skills .Supervisory management experience Able to work to deadlines in a pressurised, challenging environment Developed presentation skills Enhanced influencing skills Be nonjudgemental, objective and nondiscriminatory. Actively promote equality/diversity Advanced research and audit skills to help promote evidenced based practice, service excellence and high operational standards. Understanding of health care delivery in NHS/Independent sector An understanding of the National Minimum Standards and the implications for the Unit . Candidates should be RMN or RNLD qualified Be a good team player Have a flexible attitude and wholly adopt a person centred ethos Show empathy and a desire to make a difference. Be up to date with current practices, have strong leadership and management qualities and be willing to take ownership for the deliver of quality care. Our Nurses must hold a current registration with the NMC and have a legal right to work in the UK. This exciting and dynamic role will place you at the heart of a clinical team, working closely with patients and other healthcare professionals to deliver the best care and rehabilitation for patients We provide an excellent induction and continued training, with great opportunities to broaden your skill base. If you would like to join our team and help to provide an excellent service please click on Apply now