Title: Nurses: RGN / RMN / RNLD  Bristol
Webindex: 71804013
Company: Swiis Healthcare
Description: SWIIS urgently requires experienced RGNs/RMNs/RNLDs in the Bristol, Bath, Wiltshire and South West areas for short and long term projects and ad hoc shifts.You will have experience of working within either residential or community environments for elderly, mental health or learning disability service users. Your track record will demonstrate that a commitment to enhance the wellbeing of the service user is paramount to the ethos of the support you provide.You will be offered the prospect of working varied shifts, including night and weekend work. However, for the purpose of registration you will be expected to commit to a minimum of 3 shifts per week and be available at times for short notice work.SWIIS currently has a range of client groups who offer both full and parttime flexible hours, with opportunities to become part of a regular rota.Why SWIIS?SWIIS is a provider of quality services, led by people who have extensive knowledge of the health and social care industry and the needs of the different sectors within which we work. SWIIS offers all workers full continuous professional training, dedicated consultant and 24 hour oncall support, and flexible working opportunities to meet individual workers’ requirements within their skill sectors.Benefits ****  24.00 per hour (dependent on the project). Free CRB. Free mandatory and servicespecific training. Ongoing professional update maintenance. Excellent outofhours management support. Generous referafriend payments are available.Essential requirements NMC registration. Excellent communication skills. Eligibility to work in the UK without work permit or visa restrictions. Understanding and knowledge of the issues faced by service users. Commitment to the care and wellbeing of service users. Dedication to continued professional and personal development.Desirable Car driver or a willingness to travel. Current enhanced CRB.Apply nowIf you have the skills, attitude and experience to be successful in this role, we want to hear from you today. Please submit an uptodate CV detailing a full employment and study history.SWIIS is an Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. SWIIS is an equal opportunities employer.Due to the volume of applicants, if you have not received a response from us within 14 days, please assume that you have not been successful in your application.Terms and conditions apply.