Title: Commissioning Efficiency Manager
Webindex: 66905924
Company: Xcellin Ltd
Description: Commissioning Efficiency Manager Positions offer competitive salaries up to c **** basic OTE ****K depending on experience, plus an excellent package Our client is a global market leader with a strong people focus, and a reputation for providing the health care community with innovative solutions. We are currently looking for a Commissioning Efficiency Manager within the Woundcare Division Territory; M4/M5 (Bristol Area) PCTs: Bournemouth, Devon, Dorset, Hampshire, Isle of Wight, Bath, Gloucestershire, Plymouth, Portsmouth, Southampton, Swindon, Torbay, Wiltshire. Working alongside the Regional Business Manager and divisional sales teams you will develop business plans to drive sales. Focused on a target audience that includes key stakeholders such as PCT decision makers, KOLs and Tissue Viability Nurses you will develop Health Economic arguments, and develop added value propositions to meet customer needs To be considered for this role you will meet the following: Ideally experience Healthcare Development Manager/ NHS Liaison Executive  Ability to handle complex and multivariable negotiations and to influence a negotiation to factor in more than just unit price as the key variable.  Excellent networking, communication and influencing skills  able to adapt to meet different customer styles and transcend internal barriers. Proven track record of leading with energy, passion and urgency, and developing teaching and engaging others.  Track record of successful negotiation outcomes driving maximum value and satisfaction.  Data literate and Numerate comfortable managing price, gross margin and mix calculations.  Ability to influence a cross functional team i.e. marketing to manage margins, regional team to drive business plan outcomes and support RSMs and reps in driving pull through and specialist support.  QIPP CQIN competent To be considered for this role please call Karen Hall **** **** or email your CV to karen.hallxcellin.co.uk