Title: Support Workers – Residential School
Webindex: 69799716
Company: MacIntyre
Description: Could you support a young person with learning disabilities? Could you facilitate their independence and ensure that they are getting to their full potential in a vibrant personalised, modern specialist school. MacIntyre Wingrave School is a residential special school providing education and a home to **** students with complex learning disabilities. The residential accommodation consists of **** houses each supporting **** students. Each house is led by the Head of service, with two Senior Support Workers and their individual teams of both Support Workers and Waking Night staff. The residential houses are open 52 weeks of the year; we currently have vacancies for staff to support our students.The shifts mainly consist of a variety of shifts, early (7am 3pm) late (2pm 10pm). We are looking for full time Support Workers (38 hrs per week) to join us working on a 7 day rolling rota which will include evenings, weekends and bank holidays (dependant on the rota) The school provides learning opportunities for students 24 hours a day. This promotes individual ability, challenges the creativity of students and staff, making learning fun. The role of a Support Worker is extremely varied and you can and will be involved with anything from supporting students with their personal care, to trampolining, cooking, art, sharing a film to sailing to going out in the community or anything that they wish to do. We are an extremely person centred, innovative charity ensuring that our support workers facilitate the independence of the people we support with every action they undertake. We need people who are happy to participate in all activities and thrive on the challenges and rewards of the role. Many of our students have autism, severe learning disabilities, epilepsy, behavioural problems, communication difficulties, sensory impairments and may exhibit challenging behaviour if frightened or confused.This can include both physical and verbal challenging behaviour, full training is provided on safe practice but you need to be able to manage a situation calmly and effectively and forgive quickly. At the school we see children and young people as children first who also have special needs. We are committed to giving them all the experiences and opportunities available to all children.The role of the support worker is a very diverse one, no two days are the same and the role is a responsible, interesting and challenging. We require our support staff to be enthusiastic and committed to supporting children and young people with complex needs, with big imaginations that will help support them to achieve their personal potential. We believe that a good Support Worker has the right behaviours and attitude to the role, experience is not necessary, sometimes an advantage.Maybe you have worked with individuals with learning disabilities as a Carer, Care Worker,Behaviour Support Worker,Care Assistant, Learning support Assistant or Learning Advisor , people buy our behaviours not our experience ,what ever you have been called we would love to hear from you. If you are looking for a new exciting, rewarding and challenging role we would welcome you to get in touch.A full manual UK driving licence is essential and you will also have your own transport. We offer an exceptional induction and ongoing training to facilitate the advancement of your career.Excellent benefits to include a basic salary of up to **** , holiday entitlement of up to 38 days, a contributory pension scheme and health assistance programme. Have you got what it takes to be a Support Worker with Macintyre? Why not click on Apply and we will send you an application pack to complete and return by the closing date of **** Should you be shortlisted we may invite you to visit our school and meet the people that you may be supporting as part of the interview process. Dependant on qualifications experience This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SupportWorkersResidentialSchool_job****