Title: Care Assistant Weybridge
Webindex: 66190247
Description: About the role You will promote independence, choice, dignity and respect through the hands on care you deliver The personal care you give will include washing, personal hygiene, dressing and feeding, making sure the physical and emotional needs of our residents are met You will have the time to get to know our residents and their families  ensuring we deliver truly personalised care As part of a team, you’ll be responsible for maintaining the highest standards of care, all the time following the personal care plan for each of our residents You will support individual and group based activities in a way that’s caring, kind and respectful. Who we’re looking for Whether or not you have experience or qualifications in care, or even if providing care is new to you, it’s your passion and enthusiasm that we really want to see. So if you’re serious about care, we think you’ll feel right at home here. What’s in it for you? Bupa Care Homes values its people, so you can expect a competitive pay rate and benefits that include: • Free uniforms • Comprehensive induction and ongoing training and development • Competitive staff benefits such as weekly staff offers and discounts • Stakeholder pension and life assurance scheme available. About the home Sutton Lodge is located in a beautiful, leafy part of Weybridge. This superb home enjoys a peaceful location, set within lovely gardens, yet it is close to the town’s amenities. Sutton Lodge has recently completed an extensive refurbishment programme. Sutton Lodge is a 28 bedded home, offering high quality nursing care. The home also provide care for young, physically disabled adults as well as convalescence, palliative care and respite Who we are Bupa Care Homes provides expert nursing, dementia, residential and specialist care to almost **** people in over **** UK homes. Our purpose is to help people live longer, healthier, happier lives. Passionate about making lives better, every decision we make is because we care. It’s why we inspire and support our carers to put our residents’ wellbeing at the heart of everything they do. Choose a career in care.