Title: Care Assistant Jobs Blackburn
Webindex: 66190510
Description: If you have the passion and desire to develop a carer in Care then Carewatch in Blackburn is for you. We are looking for carers, preferably with experience, to form part of our Response Team accross Blackburn and Darwen for the following shifts. Friday 5pm to 10pm, Saturday and Sunday 7am to 10pm and Monday 7am to **** noon. The shifts can be split to suit and are available for a carer looking for regular hours who is committed and flexible. We are also looking for other carers that are available for the same shifts but will be paid a retainer, though it is likely that they may be called out to provide urget care. If you would like to work more hours and can be flexible we can arrange additional hours to suit. The salary is competitive with higher pay rates available for weekend working and for qualified Care Workers (NVQ Level 2 upwards). As one of the UK’s largest provider of home and health care, we recognise that the success of our company is based on two very important principles – our business is about the people we serve, and the people who deliver that service. We are looking for enthusiastic, reliable home care workers to support independent living so that our customers can remain within the comfort of their own homes. The successful Care Worker will have experience or understanding of care provision and also have their own transport The type of care a Care Worker will provide will vary from person to person but may include: Personal care. Help with getting up and getting ready for the day. Washing, bathing and toileting. Practical support. Domestic tasks such as laundry, cleaning, shopping, preparing and cooking meals if outlined in the care plan. Specialised care. Supporting people with more complex needs Key skills required by a Care Worker; Sound understanding of good care principles Excellent communication skills Good planning skills Ability to cope under pressure Eventempered and patient Ability to cope with change Ability to display empathy and warmth Can build relationships with those we support and those around them