Title: Clinical Governance Lead for Audit ****ish London
Webindex: 72446749
Company: Roberts Knight Selection
Description: Clinical Governance Coordinator Lead for Audit UP****ISH This top private hospital in North West London is urgently looking to recruit a Clinical Governance Coordinator Lead for Audit. Duties will include responsibility for cocoordinating and leading Clinical Audit, clinical information and quality improvement needs across the hospital to ensure continued improvement of clinical effectiveness in context of the Clinical Governance Agenda. Clinical Governance is regarded as a key priority within the hospital and will include managing the implementation of clinical audit programmes across all clinical services and providing specialist advice and support on clinical audit for all professional groups, lead on the development of the hospital’s clinical audit programme, develop systems for prioritising audit and managing ongoing maintenance of associated systems. Provide advice and support for healthcare professionals including all aspects of clinical audit project design, data collection methods and analytical support. Communicate and disseminate audit results and recommendation for changes, ensure that recommendations arising from audit results are put into an action plan. Support the Director of Governance Risk Management where appropriate to communicate and disseminate relevant local and national information relating to clinical audit and effectiveness to relevant committees and departments. Ensure delivery of clinical audit training, lead on patient reported outcome measures and assist the governance department with incident reporting. It is essential that you are educated to degree level and have extensive work experience within the healthcare sector. You must be a registered nurse (Band 7) with evidence of recent professional development. The ideal candidate will possess highly development specialist knowledge and understanding of clinical governance policy and quality. Interested applicants should forward CV’s immediately as interviews are imminent. The above description is an outline of the role and responsibilities; however a full job spec is available to suitable applicants. Would also suit a Nurse This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ClinicalGovernanceLeadforAudit****ishLondon_job****