Title: Residential and Nursing Home Manager
Webindex: 69670822
Company: Jobsite Jobs
Description: Residential Nursing Home Manager An extremely rare and exciting opportunity has a risen for an experienced home manager to join an exclusive care provider in the Derbyshire area. My client is a family run group of residential and nursing homes for the elderly in Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire. The group was first established in 1985 and has grown as a direct result of popularity and now benefits from a well established reputation in the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire areas. An experienced and motivated individual is required to manage a large purpose built state of the art Elderly Residential and Nursing home. The home has an excellent local reputation. The home provides 24 hour nursing and personal care and support for older people and people with a physical disability. The home is located close to the small town centre within a residential setting and is set in its own beautifully landscaped gardens. My client is seeking a strong, experienced individual with drive and commitment who is seeking a new exciting challenge. The ideal candidate will have extensive managerial experience and good leadership skills. You will be dynamic, sharp and hungry for a challenge with a strong personality. This post really requires an individual who is focused and has the want to succeed. The successful candidate will have the following experience and qualifications: RMA or be willing to work towards Proven track record of successful home management. Sound knowledge of CQC and Care Standards Registered with CSCI / CQC Dynamic Enthusiastic Duties will include: Overall responsibility of the home Staff management/appraisals/Training Care plans/reviews/meetings Budget In return the successful candidate will receive a fantastic comprehensive manager s salary package, including: A basic salary of ****  **** (depending on experience and qualifications) Performance related bonus scheme EXCELLENT career progression For more information on how to become part of this ever expanding organisation and to apply for this fantastic opportunity please contact Lorna Vasey on or email a copy of your up to date CV for immediate attention to