Title: Home Manager South Buckinghamshire
Webindex: 46629867
Description: Care Home Manager ****  ****K per annum South Buckinghamshire In Touch Recruitment are working on behalf of a prestigious and highly regarded care provider to recruit a Senior Care Home Manager for their luxurious care facility in South Buckinghamshire. Close to local shops and amenities the luxurious Care Home is situated in the centre of a bustling town within close proximity to areas of natural beauty and historical sites, Purposely built to a very high specification, the service provides nursing and residential care to older people with general nursing and dementia care needs. The service is part of a wellestablished and supported care home provider that holds a strong presence within the UKs private healthcare sector. We are searching for an experienced Home Manager to lead the team and make positive changes within the service. My client is looking for an experienced Manager with a minimum of 3 years Home Management experience with a proven track record of success. This role requires an excellent working knowledge of care standards and legislation along with the ability to identify areas of improvement and act on these. Business Management skills are essential in this role, as is a commercial awareness of the Elderly care sector and how a successful and profitable nursing home should operate. Looking for an individual who can provide direction and ensure service quality and delivery, candidate will be required to have strong leadership and people skills. The successful candidate will Holds a 1st Level Nursing Qualification RGN/RMN along with Management Award / Qualification. Candidates without a nursing qualification but with extensive care home management experience will also be considered. This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced Senior Home Manager to join a fantastic care home that is recognised for its first class services and person centred approach to care. Interviews for this role are being held immediately therefore please apply now to avoid disappointment Please click apply today for further information.