Title: Sexual Health Practitioner  Brighton
Webindex: 68560065
Company: JS3 Recruitment Ltd
Description: Position: Sexual Health Practitioner Location : Brighton Job Summary We are currently recruiting for a part time Sexual Health Practitioner (21 hours per week) to join the multidisciplinary team at a Health Centre in Brighton which is open every day from 8am to 8pm, including all bank holidays and offers a range of services, including health information, advice and treatment for a range of minor illnesses and injuries. All doctors, practice nurses and staff at the Centre are committed to providing our patients with an outstanding, familyfriendly service. Responsible To Lead Nurse / Clinical Manager Key Responsibilities The post holder will take an active role in health education and health promotion as well as in partner notification and contact tracing when required. They will also provide full sexual health screening, advice and treatments to patients diagnosed with, or at risk of sexually transmitted infections. Skills & Experience The successful candidate will: • Prioritise patient care through out the unit, assuming shift leader responsibility allocating staff and resources effectively, as and when rostered to this function. • Assist in orientation and support to new staff to the unit. • Support junior staff with supervision and development. • Work independently and autonomously as a professional nurse practitioner within sexual health services. • Assist in effective organisation of the sexual health service and maintain equipment and stocks as required. • Assist in a range of activities that will be required to achieve service objectives and national targets. • Have a minimum of **** years post registration experience • Have evidence of consolidated practice within a sexual health speciality Qualifications • Completed and obtained RGN and has current live PIN on NMC register • Completed relevant postgraduate module (HIV/GUM) • Evidence of Continuous Professional Development (CPD) For this and any other exciting vacancies please forward your CV in the first instance to or alternatively call Martine on ( JS3 operate a referral scheme for full details please refer to our website ).