Title: Domiciliary Care Manager / Branch Manager  Trainee
Webindex: 71942960
Company: Synergy Health Recruitment
Description: Based in Barnsley, with some training provided in Stretford near Manchester, so applicants must be able to travel for the first month, thereafter successful applicant will be based in Barnsley full time. Trainee post **** per annum plus bonus and annual pay review. My Client is looking for applicants with experience in Domiciliary Care who wish to be trained as a Care Manager with a view to becoming Registered Manager at their office in Barnsley South Yorkshire. Applicants must have a minimum of NVQ **** in Care and ideally NVQ ****/RMA. You must have a genuine passion for delivering a high quality service. The Barnsley office is a new service and the successful applicant must have the capability to drive the service forward in terms of business, staffing and care hours. Experience of managing staff and knowledge of relevant legislation is also essential. The post holder's primary role is to lead and direct teams of staff who are delivering programmes of care to people in their own homes, ensuring ongoing assessment and continuity of service. The post holder will be required to actively seek to grow the service through liaising with social workers, brokers, commissioning officers and other appropriate organisations. This is an integral aspect of the role given that this will be a new service. The post holder is also responsible for ensuring that the ongoing assessment of care needs and the development, implementation and evaluation of programmes of care and support for people residing in their own homes takes place. The post holder will be responsible for the supervision and appraisal of the staff reporting directly to them. To ensure the maintenance of service standards as an active member of the team, the post holder will be required to work as a care worker if the need arises. With success comes reward. There is a lot expected of the individual who takes this challenge on. It is therefore planned that this person will receive bonus payments in the first year upon reaching set milestones. At the end of year one their salary will be reviewed against agreed targets, whilst achieving subsequent milestones will trigger salary increases. It is expected that the salary paid to this individual will reward and respect the work done. Training opportunities are down to the individual. The organisation take personal development very seriously and as such will support individuals to undertake qualifications in line with the person's own aspirations