Title: Regulatory Affairs Associate  Mauritius
Webindex: 72242851
Company: Paramount Recruitment Pharmaceutical
Description: Regulatory Affairs Associate  Mauritius  Pharmaceutical Experienced Regulatory Affairs professional wanted for a fantastic opportunity to join an international pharmaceutical company as a Regulatory Affairs Associate, the role will be based on the exotic island of Mauritius. This leading and quality driven pharmaceutical company manufactures and supplies pharmaceutical (branded and generic), nutritional and consumer products globally, their products include tablets, capsules, sterile's, injectable's API's, contraceptives and many more. The offices in Mauritius are home to the Global Team responsible for the Intellectual Property, Regulatory Affairs, Commercialisation, logistics and Supply of marketed, manufactured and distributed products in Europe, Latin America, Middle East, North Africa, North America and Asia Pacific. As the Regulatory Affairs Associate you will be involved in project management and gain exposure to the full business. Key Responsibilities: ? Prepare country specific regulatory submissions for new registrations, variations and MAA's (MRP and DCP) ? Maintain licenses ? Liaise with regulatory agents ? Track all regulatory submissions ? Assist with problem solving ? Troubleshooting ? Adhere to regulatory standards and requirements ? Review and approve artworks The role will require you to be educated to degree level in a relevant scientific indication, you must have prior Pharmaceutical Regulatory Affairs experience and you will ideally have some global experience such as Europe, Middle East, Africa (EMEA), Latin America, North America or Asia Pacific. You should be an adventurous, confident, organised and creative team player who works just as well independently and who is able to prioritize, work well under pressure and to tight deadlines. This is a unique and amazing opportunity to relocate to the beautiful island of Mauritius which is not only a safe place to live whether alone or with a family but also offers an exceptional healthcare service, education system and a low tax rate. Key Words  Regulatory Affairs, Associate, Officer, Executive, Specialist, Pharmaceutical, Branded, Generic, Consumer Goods, Nutritional, Europe, EU, EMEA, Latin America, Middle East, North Africa, North America, Asia Pacific, International, Global, Mauritius For further information on the role or company please contact Amie Adams at Paramount Recruitment on **** **** **** Paramount Recruitment Limited provides services as an agency and an employment business. We regularly have similar roles in this area. Please see our website for details or send your CV in to us to find out the latest opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegulatoryAffairsAssociateMauritius_job****