Title: Anaesthetic Nurse
Webindex: 72609329
Company: Pulse Perms Regions
Description: My client is one of the largest private hospital group in the UK, with a reputation for the highestquality care for patients, which determines everything about the way they work. Their mission is to deliver exceptional experiences for all patients treated in their hospitals and to do that, we need exceptional people. An exciting new opportunity has arisen for **** Scrub Practitioner s to join their team. As a Scrub Practitioner you will be expected to provide quality planned care for patients during their peri operative phase of care. Also to support and assist in the management and organisation of care provision within the Operating Department. Your responsibilities will be Assist in the delivery of patient care Contribute to quality improvement Develop and enhance the skills and knowledge of others and self Promote best evidence based practice within own scope of practice Apply legislation, policies and procedures correctly. Respect the patient s dignity, privacy, wishes and beliefs. Knowledge / Skills / Qualifications: Essential Registered Practitioner with NMC or HPC registration Good interpersonal and communication skills Ability to work as part of a team Desirable External Advanced Scrub Practitioner qualification. Experience of applying clinical reasoning skills across a range and varied patient case mix and competent across a range of skills ENB 998 and/or mentorship course They are looking for someone that focuses on the needs of customers, primarily our patients and consultants. Identifies and prioritises the customer s needs. Understands situations from the customer s perspective, and provides solutions, which fit the customer s needs. Focuses on customer service and care and takes a pro active approach to their needs and ownership of their issues. In return you will be offered excellent rates of pay plus benefits, working in a state of the art theatres featuring Laminar flow technology If you are interested in applying for the role or have any further questions please email carrie.richardsonpulsejobs.com or call Carrie on **** **** ****