Title: Resource Centre Worker
Webindex: 67443966
Company: North Yorkshire County Council
Description: Must be 18 to work nights. Working in a Children’s centre is a challenging yet rewarding vocation if you have a passion for making a difference, this could be the role for you. Nidderdale Children Centre offers the unique opportunity of working across units therefore you can gain both variety and the opportunity to specialise in areas of interest, building skills and knowledge of differing areas. These posts are crucial in the delivery of our Short Breaks Residential Services in Harrogate and include short overnight breaks and the development of daycare and outreach support within the community. We have **** sites, Nidd House in Killinghall that offers a service to children with physical disabilities who may also have health needs and Beck House in Starbeck offers a service for children with Autism and/or behavioural needs. You will need to demonstrate skills in both settings. The service is open predominantly at weekends and school holiday periods therefore you need to be flexible in your working hours as this post carries a requirement to work shifts, such as evenings, weekends, bank holidays, waking night duties. Allowances are currently paid for sleeping in, waking nights enhancement and weekend working. The contracted hours of the post are **** hour however there may be the opportunity to work additional hours within the centre. You must be able to demonstrate a knowledge of the needs of disabled children and their families and be skilled in offering personal care in a sensitive and safe manner. You will have skills in communicating and engaging children aged **** to 18 years who have varied communication needs and be creative and imaginative in your approach to promote their thoughts, wishes and feelings. You will need to be IT literate and have the ability to write short descriptive reports. We would welcome applications from people with experience in work or personal life of children with needs to enable them to understand the needs of the service users/clients. Whilst an NVQ Level 3/Diploma is required, a commitment and willingness to working towards the qualification would be sufficient. Working in partnership with parents and professionals is a vital role of this service, and therefore an understanding of the principles of confidentiality and data protection is required. North Yorkshire County Council is a progressive organisation and the largest employer in the region. Working for NYCC provides a range of exciting training and development opportunities, flexible working arrangements and a nurturing environment in which to work. The employer has claimed an exception under the Equality Act 2010. Successful applicants are required to provide an enhanced disclosure. Disclosure expense will be met by employer For more information and an informal discussion about the role and service please contact Paula Chapman/Carol Jagger on  or Jane Clarke on **** **** If you would like to apply for this vacancy please log onto