Title: Finance Operations Manager
Webindex: 67155175
Description: The Finance Operations Manager will report into the Director of Finance Resources and manage the day to day leadership and effective operation of the finance team. This includes production of Management Information, completion of Statutory and Regulatory Accounts and Returns, managing the Accounts Payable, Cash Book, Nominal Ledger and Rent Accounts. Key duties of the role;  Managing 2 direct reports, ensuring their development and training.  Responsible for compiling the Management Information, ensuring that reports and commentaries are produced for Habinteg in a timely manner.  Compiling annual Financial Statements and looking after the relationship with the auditors, ensuring all financial covenants is met.  Working with budget holders to compile the annual budget, providing support to subsidiaries and group members in the financial planning and group projections.  Overseeing cash management and processing, ensuring significant controls are in place for timely payments and realistic cash flow forecasts. Who we re looking for You must be a fully qualified accountant or the equivalent with an ambition to progress in their career. The ideal candidate will possess excellent interpersonal skills, an ability to delegate and to manage staff effectively. You will need to be a confident and flexible in your approach, with a willingness to learn and develop. This is an excellent opportunity for a more junior manager, allowing them the breadth and freedom to develop their skill set. About our client Habinteg Housing Association aims to provide homes that are accessible, adaptable and affordable. They have more than 40 years experience in housing and disability and use their expertise to create neighborhoods that allow everyone to live independently, whatever their age, impairment or background. They believe that people are disabled by barriers in society and negative public attitudes, rather than by their own impairments. What s on offer ****  **** basic salary plus benefits