Title: Key Account Manager  Renal
Webindex: 68285772
Company: Kirkham Young Ltd
Description: Key Account Manager  Renal An exciting opportunity for an experienced medical sales representative to further their career as a key account manager for a market leading range of renal dialysis products focussing on the growing homecare market. Ideally offering a renal background you will be responsble for a range of market leading products including peritoneal dialysis, home haemo dialysis and heamo dialysis products for use within both the hospital and home care environments. The successful candidate will be joining a global healthcare company who has been a leader in the medical products and services industry for more than 70 years. Assisting with the treatment of complex medical conditions including haemophilia, immune disorders, kidney disease, cancer, trauma and other conditions it has sales of $**** billion. You will be responsible for managing welldefined accounts within the Hospital Business in order to maximize revenue, customer growth and customer satisfaction by building, strengthening and enlarging longterm customer relationships. Key tasks: Develop, implement and review account plans, in line with company commercial policies, for targeted customers, purchasers and influencers that drive sales of hospital renal products and therapies Build and develop professional longterm customer relationships gaining enhanced customer loyalty and revenue generation Contact existing and potentially new customers and keep them fully informed about the company s renal products to ensure patient and customer needs are wholly met Collaborate and work closely with Marketing, Customer Service and Sales Support Manage the complete sales cycle (including the negotiation of sales conditions) while gaining access to the appropriate decision makers and influencers in it Explore the potential expansion of a sales opportunity to larger solutions by probing into areas that underlie, integrate with or bridge across the need under discussion providing a total package where appropriate Finalize budgets and forecasts in cooperation with line management / Marketing Contribute to the tender management process for all relevant tenders To apply you will need: Bachelor s degree in Scientific or medical / paramedical subject  strong scientific background. Minimum 5 years of sales experience within Healthcare Industry / Hospital environment / medical sales. Minimum 2 years experience as an Account Manager within Healthcare Industry / Hospital environment / medical sales. Languages: excellent mother tongue and good level of English. PC Skills (Word, Excel, Lotus notes, PowerPoint). Excellent critical thinking, problem solving, interpersonal and communication skills Business Acumen with well honed selling skills Customer focused. Be based on patch  (West Midlands  ideally in the Birmingham area) Offering a real challenge, excellent long term career progression and market leading products this is a great opportunity for a talented individual.