Title: Clinical Trials Associate
Webindex: 68100948
Company: CSL Recruitment Consulting ltd
Description: Clinical Trials Associate 12 Month Contract , Officebased BioPharmaceutical Company based in North London Our client runs a tight ship, leading the way in the development of new therapies for autoimmune and genetic indications the small team enable licensing of new medical products around the World. The team are virtual in nature contracting out the day to day clinical R D/study delivery to Contract Research Organisation internationally. A team of able scientists headed by a physician lead the clinical development planning, costing, CRO selection, clinical study placement and oversee delivery, reporting, regulatory submissions and publication of findings. This busy team of experts now needs a dedicated CTA someone to handle the logistic and administrative aspects of study delivery alongside a wider brief for supporting design of study documents, compliance and possibly site based oversight to enable IMP, IVRS, laboratory and fee based service delivery from vendors. Main Responsibilities: You be ensuring tasks associated with the set up, implementation, and completion of all studies in accordance with the appropriate Pharmaceutical Legislation and Directives, Including confirming that all materials have been received by the site and all documents have been appropriately archived. You will ensure the archival and storage of TMF documents has been done appropriately. Assist in the creation and distribution of Site Feasibility Surveys. Assist in generation, compilation and distribution of essential regulatory documents (e.g. CDA, **** CTA). Coordinates the critical documentation process and tracks information received inhouse; assists in ensuring adherence to applicable our client SOPs, and ICH/GCP guidelines; assist in identifying documentation noncompliance. Ensures updated regulatory documents (e.g. medical licenses, IRBs) are on file for each site. Assists in the tracking of essential documents progress and updating TMF Assist in Preparation for Site Initiation by sending materials to site. Compiles and distributes all site initiation (study startup) packages (e.g. CRF booklets, enrolment logs, etc.); coordinates and distributes all regional (RCRA) study initiation packages. Essential Skills Qualification Life science, nursing or allied healthcare qualification. Expertise working within clinical development as a CTA/Clinical Trials Secretary within a GCP regulated environment Knowledge of TMF, study documentation and the trial lifecycle Excellent communication skills First class IT skills in MS OFFICE packages and intermediate skills using EXCEL Proactive determined person with drive and passion and a desire to build a clinical research career from a solid foundation Supplementary Requirements: Software Competence: MS Office, Excel, Word, Powerpoint Valid Driving License: Not Required though local transport is difficult Working Language(s): English Requirement for Business Travel: No Flexible Working Hours: No usual 37.5 hours per week 5 days Employer: BioPharmaceutical Employment Type: Agency Contract Hours: Full time Contract Term: 12 Months Location: UK; Office Based access near M1/M25  Hertfordshire Plan Start Date: February 2013 Contract Benefits: Day Rate inclusive of benefits Keywords: MS Office, lifecycle, Clinical Research, Clinical Operations, Clinical R D, CRA, CTM, CTA, GCP, Site Manager,Clinical Trials Administrator, EUCTD, ICH GCP, Clinical Study, Clinical Programme, Feasibility , Essential Documents, GCP, SOPs, Compliance, Training, Investigator Meeting, REC, Research Ethics. R D, Trust, SMO, Quality Control, QC, EDC Assigned Consultant: Gary Montgomery at CSL Recruitment on **** **** Please feel free to call for a detailed Job Description or additional information Applications are reviewed within ****hrs; applicants will only receive feedback if they demonstrate the skills the role requires in their application. The role may be remarketed; if you applied for this role previously and were unsuccessful you will not receive a response. We request that non EU Nationals include evidence of right to work in the country concerned with their application to be considered. Do supply supplementary information on required location, notice period and expected salary/day rate if you are a new candidate.