Title: Physiotherapist  Cambridge
Webindex: 70612741
Company: The Placement Group
Description: Physiotherapist  Cambridge Band 6  Acute Inpatient/Out patient Fulltime / Part time Salary  **** **** Start Asap The company are currently recruiting for physiotherapist with acute inpatient experience to treat patients in the community who have been discharged from hospital in Cambridge. The firm is UK's largest independent provider of acute homecare to the NHS. They are undergoing an extended period of growth and are looking for talented clinicians to help drive forward our growth in both the NHS and private sectors. You will be working in the companies' teams to enable patients to have positive clinical outcomes through goal setting and appropriate clinical interactions. You will be required to work as an autonomous practitioner to assess and treat specialist caseload of patients. Duties and responsibilities will included  Be professionally and legally responsible and accountable, as an autonomous practitioner, for all aspects of your own work including the management of patients in your care Ensure high standards of clinical care within the designated area Be competent in the comprehensive assessment of post operative patients, using advanced theoretical knowledge of anatomy, physiology and pathology Interpret and analyse clinical and nonclinical facts, which may be conflicting, using underpinning theoretical knowledge and experience to identify main problems and respond appropriately Formulate individual patient management plans, using clinical reasoning, current evidence and a wide range of treatment skills. To be considered for this position you must ideally have 3 years acute inpatient or community experience, including a broad range of clinical rotations at Junior Physiotherapist level, including orthopaedics, musculoskeletal, neurology, medical and ITU or respiratory. You must have a bachelors degree in physiotherapy and have a current registration with the HPC. You must also have a full UK driving licence. Non European applicants must be registered with the HPC and have a minimum of 1 years experience in the UK. In return you will be offered competitive salary, flexible working hours, healthcare benefits, support for CPD, ipad and mobile phone, ****p per mile fuel reimbursement, also standard annual leave and sick pay is offered. Please submit your CV to or call for more information.