Title: Healthcare Assistants (HCA)  Edinburgh
Webindex: 72179642
Company: SWIIS Healthcare
Description: SWIIS urgently requires experienced Health Care Assistants to work within a wide range of communitybased environments, throughout Glazgow area for short and longterm projects and ad hoc shifts.You will have experience of working within a range of healthcare settings and with a variety of service users including older people, mental health and substance misuse issues. A clear PVG will be required for all settings.You will be offered the prospect of working varied shifts, including night and weekend work. However, for the purpose of registration you will be expected to commit to a minimum of 3 shifts per week and be available at times for short notice work.SWIIS currently has a range of client groups who offer both full and parttime flexible hours, with opportunities to become part of a regular rota.Why SWIIS?SWIIS is a provider of quality services, led by people who have extensive knowledge of the health and social care industry and the needs of the different sectors within which we work. SWIIS offers all workers full continuous professional training, dedicated consultant and 24 hour oncall support, and flexible working opportunities to meet individual workers’ requirements within their skill sectors.Benefits ****  **** per hour (dependent on the shift time). Free mandatory and servicespecific training. Ongoing professional update maintenance. Excellent outofhours management support.Essential requirements Excellent communication skills. At least **** year of experience as an HCA/student nurse. Eligibility to work in the UK without work permit or visa restrictions Commitment to the care and wellbeing of service users. Dedication to continued professional and personal development.Desirable Car driver or a willingness to travel. Current enhanced PVG requiredApply nowIf you have the skills, attitude and experience to be successful in this role, we want to hear from you today. Please submit an uptodate CV detailing a full employment and study history.SWIIS is an Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. SWIIS is an equal opportunities employer.Due to the volume of applicants, if you have not received a response from us within 14 days, please assume that you have not been successful in your application.Terms and conditions apply.