Title: Registered Manager  Salford
Webindex: 71804415
Company: JP Recruitment Ltd
Description: Fabulous opportunity for an experienced Registered Manager to assume responsibility for the management of a large, wellestablished and highlyreputable Nursing and Residential Elderly Care Home in North Manchester. This friendly, welcoming, 120bed Care Home, which has benefited from the support of qualityfocused owners with a genuine passion for ensuring outstanding levels of care provision, provides comprehensive elderly nursing and care services out of two neighbouring detached properties, a 56bed nursing and residential care unit and a 68bed dementia care unit. The postholder will be expected to oversee the successful running of both properties, working closely with individual Unit Managers to ensure a motivated, caredriven team of staff remain focused on providing quality, personcentred care at all times. The Registered Manager will also be accountable for maintaining the excellent relationships already established locally with outside agencies and consistently drive occupancy levels, whilst at the same time ensuring all systems and procedures continue to comply with quality standards as set out by the Care Quality Commission (CQC). Applicants will ideally be experienced RGN’s/RMN’s with a Registered Managers Award and a minimum 3 years’ proven experience working in a similar role. Outstanding communication, teamworking and leadership skills are all essential, as is demonstrable experience in providing a service which meets all CQC registration requirements to a high standard. Furthermore, applicants should have previous experience of managing large teams within elderly care settings and be commercially aware, proactive individuals, with excellent administrative skills. A highly competitive salary of ****k p.a. (negotiable, depending on skills/experience) awaits the successful candidate, as do performancerelated incentives and excellent longterm career development opportunities. For further information, please contact James Parkin at JP Recruit on tel. **** **** **** Alternatively, to apply online, please click on the link provided. Please note, only applicants currently residing and with eligibility to work in the UK need apply.