Title: Domiciliary Care Worker Evenings
Webindex: 69688598
Company: Jobsite Jobs
Description: Domiciliary Care Worker Company Are you looking for a career in care or a new job in a home care setting? Join our dedicated homecare team in Petersfield Castlerock Homecare require dedicated, professional people in the Petersfield area who have a passion for care work and are happy to complete full mandatory and work based training to become a Domiciliary Care Worker. Role Homecare, also known as domiciliary care is the support and help with personal care and household tasks for the frail or those with long term care needs. The role of Domiciliary Care Worker requires visiting elderly clients within their own homes and providing one to one care to help people live independently. Duties will include; Bathing Personal Care Toileting Caring Medication Socialising End of life care Person Castlerock Homecare is looking for individuals who have a caring nature and a real interest in supporting people to become Domiciliary Care Workers. In return we offer a personal pension, free mandatory training, flexible hours and weekly pay combined with a competitive temporary workers benefit package. This post is subject to CRB clearance, preemployment and reference checks. Candidates who are able to provide all the relevant pre employment checks can potentially be offered work within 710 days and subject to all pre employment checks being satisfactorily completed. If you enjoy looking after others and have a flexible approach to work involving daytime, evening and weekend hours, we would love to hear from you Work with one of the UK s leading nursing and care services providers and start your challenging but truly rewarding career in care today Job/Key Skills: Domiciliary Care Worker, Care Assistant, Carer, elderly care, personal care, food preparation, domestic duties, home care. This vacancy is being advertised by Castlerock Homecare who is acting as an employment business with a wealth of work on a zero hours contract.