Title: Senior Staff Nurse  Surgical Ward
Webindex: 69576629
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Our client is a major provider of independent healthcare based in Central London; we are seeking a motivated, experienced Senior Staff Nurse to join their busy surgical ward. We are eager to hear from nurses with experience in at least one of the following specialities; complex orthopaedic, gynaecology, urology, breast, plastics or Gastro surgery. Treating the full range of medical and surgical specialities, this Hospital works with the elite of London's most experienced consultant surgeons and other healthcare specialists. Supported by stateoftheart equipment this centre of excellence offers a high standard of acute and critical nursing care, within pleasant and comfortable surroundings. Successful applicants will enjoy career development and support from a strong management team, the opportunity to work alongside expert consultants and a multi disciplinary team of other healthcare specialists, access to a dedicated professional and personal development program and experience within a highly professional working environment. The benefits of working for this company include:  Free Private Medical cover  A minimum of 25 days annual leave from the start of employment  Free Critical Illness Insurance cover  Reasonably priced quality accommodation provided  Interestfree season ticket loans and Cycle to work scheme  The opportunity to join their employer contributory Pension Scheme  Gym membership Duties of the post  To assess, plan, deliver and evaluate high standards of nursing care.  To work within a team, supervising and directing junior staff and deputising for Sister/Charge Nurse in their absence.  Experience in supervising junior staff nurses, students and healthcare assistants, and assisting in the orientation of new staff. A full job description is available upon request. Person requirements  Registered Nurse with full NMC registration (not requiring a period of supervised placement)  Coming from a Surgical Ward background of a minimum of two years (at least one year of which must be UKbased) you will have experience in at least one (ideally two or more) of the following specialities; complex orthopaedic, gynaecology, urology, breast, plastics or Gastro surgery.  Minimum of two years (at least one year UKbased) post registration experience  In possession of, or working towards a recognised postgraduate qualification in surgical nursing  In possession of a recognised teaching and assessing/mentoring qualification  Permission to undertake employment in the UK (not requiring ?workpermit? sponsorship)