Title: Assistant Clinical Manager  Physiotherapist  Cambridge
Webindex: 68310313
Company: Team 24 Ltd
Description: Assistant Clinical Manager  Physiotherapist An experienced physiotherapist is required for this Assistant Clinical Manager position based in Cambridge. This permanent, full time position is with a leading acute homecare provider who rroutinely achieves 98% patient satisfaction and has a 95% staff retention rate over recent years. The Assistant Clinical Manager will manage a team with patient case loads to the equivalent of 30 beds. The assistant will support the Clinical Manager in ensuring the delivery of a high quality, effective service on a daytoday basis which will include participating in the development of new ways of working and new care pathways in conjunction with our NHS stakeholders. Key accountabilities include: •Quality of Service •Leadership and People Management •Relationship Development •ProblemSolving •Planning and Scheduling •Service Development •Financial Management The role is an excellent opportunity for career progression in the private healthcare sector. With organic growth, through excellent customer service and award winning recognition; this is a superb time to join a leading UK organisation. Essential Requirements for this role include: qualified physiotherapist with HPC registration and previous NHS experience; with proven post registration experience and evidence of CPD. You must will be able to: Undertake patient assessments, provide high quality acute healthcare to patients in their homes, utilize electronic patient records systems, have basic computer skills. Previous community experience is desirable. It is essential to have a car and valid UK license for this community based role. Please apply asap with a full CV, to Ross Taylor at rossteam24.co.uk or call **** **** **** About us: Team24 is a healthcare recruitment specialist which provides healthcare workers for a wide range of permanent and temporary placements, from doctors to specialist nurses across the NHS and private sectors. We pride ourselves on providing an exceptional quality of service to all in the healthcare sector, including the NHS, GP Surgeries, Mental Health Institutions, Prisons, Charities, Community Nursing, Nursing Homes, Residential Homes and the Military. We supply Nurses, Care workers, GP’s, Consultants and Homecare, on a 24 hour basis depending on when you need work. We can do this on a Temporary, Fixed Term Contract or Permanent Basis, what ever you need, when ever you need it. We work throughout the UK, supporting clients when they need us and working in partnership with them to ensure that we supply the right member of staff for their needs. As a company we are growing on a weekly basis and have numerous opportunities available in various trusts and private organisations throughout the UK, if this role isn’t what you are looking for why not send you details to our recruitment team via email recruitersteam24.co.uk or visit our website at www.team24.co.uk Thank you for your interest. Team24 is an Equal Opportunity Employer.