Title: Technical Implementation Analyst (Oracel, SQl, PACS, RIS)
Webindex: 71907094
Company: BWB Associates trading as BW Penman
Description: Summary and candidate responsibilities: Responsible for: PACS, RIS and third party system integrations, implementing the healthcare information systems. The roles main focus is on the integration and implementation. The role will be required to make qualified technical decisions, to implement against requirements and to assist in solving customer requests and problems. The candidate will have some knowledge of relevant technologies and the achievable service levels. The candidate will also have some knowledge of the clinical and administrative functions of PACS and RIS Applications. The role s responsibilities may include the technical qualification, local implementation, integration, training and support of the PACS and RIS solutions. The deliverables should meet or exceed customer expectations whilst remaining within the business and technical specifications. The role will deliver solutions that are supportable by the services teams. Additional responsibility may include pre postsales support. KEY ACTIVITIES Customer Focus: Gain knowledge and familiarity with customers and their environments within the assigned geography (current operations and workflow, desired operations and workflow, etc.) Deliver a controlled implementation of assigned HCIS projects, liaising with Project Managers, Customers, Incident Support Specialists, Applications Consultants, 3rd party suppliers and Sales team. Provide technical assistance to Project Managers, Applications team, Incident Support team, Customers and Sales as required or directed. Provide enhancements and remote configurations to customer sites throughout the UK and Ireland. Collect Voice of Customer (VoC) input. Improve customer satisfaction by giving: Timely response to customer contact Prompt customer follow up and closure of requests. Correction of Customer/User mistakes Assist in 2nd/3rd Level incident support on the PACS and RIS solutions within the UK Ireland. Where appropriate, implement work around solutions at customer site. Provide additional consulting, reporting and maintenance services to customers. General Activities: Clearly understand performance expectations in terms of technical services and support. Meet with services, applications and sales teams as required to provide customer feedback, assist with project plans and align schedules. Provide back up as necessary to other team members. The role will take local responsibility for the technical components of assigned project installs from start to completion. Participate in training programs to enhance technical and application skills. Develop deliver implementation packages to the Implementation team. In agreement with the Implementation Design Build Coordinator, the role may provide field specialist support to nominated products or range of products. This will include support, management of problem escalations, training etc. Assist in providing technical direction and support to Application and Testing teams. Interface with the Project Manager, Customer Applications team and provide reports to Service Management, as requested. Support the Incident Support team in the accumulation and distribution of technical information and when necessary support upgrades of the PACS and RIS solutions. Meet or exceed performance expectations in the delivery of technical services and applications support. Provide assistance and advice to the local teams in connection with generating sales of PACS and RIS solutions. Advising on software and hardware upgrades. Advising on changes to setup and functionalities. Interface to the Research Development teams for software bug reporting. Key skills for the include the following: Database design, implementation/development, administration, backups and recovery, tuning (Oracle DBA level a plus but not strictly required). Experience of Oracle Programming Language, (PL/SQL developer, SQLPlus). First and second line product support for both internal and external customers. Development of simple integration components, (COM object based interfaces, Web interfaces, XML, etc.). Knowledge and experience of Microsoft ****/**** Server support Experience with Crystal Reports. Any of the below experience would be a distinct advantage: Beneficial to the role would be knowledge of: Radiology Workflow, PACS, RIS, (a plus but not strictly required). Common network protocols and technology. Common security technologies and practices. Storage Platforms technologies High Availability technologies Web and HTML technologies. This is an immediate requirement and for the right candidate will offer you great career development, the ability to grow your skills but work as part of a larger team in a multi  national environment. Please apply now for a confidential discussion.