Title: Business Developemnt Manager  Birmingham
Webindex: 70263510
Company: Goodall Brazier Ltd
Description: Our Client is renowned as a leading UK provider of complex care packages for adults and children with disabilities and is looking for a committed individual to join their organisation as a Business Development Manager. Based in the West Midland, the successful candidate will have an influential role which will focus on developing new business and developing existing services. This is a brilliant opportunity to get involved with a nationally established care provider, have an impact on the way that it works and help it to grow. Duties involve: To develop an agreed annual business development plan to grow the Adults and children disabilities business. This growth should be set against agreed measurable targets. To identify the key relationships within the sector, such as Local Social Services, NHS Trusts, Primary Care Trusts and other organisations that ensures the companies profile is the forefront of their commissioning decisions  developing a Regional Business Development Strategy and taking responsibility for its delivery.  working closely with fellow Regional BDM s to support the achievement of the organisation s growth objectives Responsibilities:  Promote, develop and expand current care services to existing, new and potential customers  Analysing and monitoring competitor activity within the care sector  Devise strategies to ensure succession with new business acquisitions  Research and generate leads for new business/existing development  Prepare, conduct and follow up customer visits, tenders etc.  Work closely with senior management to drive business development forward  Defining and operating plans and budgets and managing performance against them  You'll play a key role in business growth by identifying customer needs and developing strategic relationships to develop our customer services. Essentials:  Strong negotiation and communication skills  Proven business development background with the ability to achieve results  Ability to plan and work strategically  Time management and organisational skills  An impressive track record of negotiating at a senior level and strong influencing and presentation skills  Sales knowledge/experience advantageous  Experience of working in the healthcare sector, preferably complex care  Marketing knowledge advantageous but not essentialGB Care is one of the fastest growing Social Care recruitment Consultancies in the UK. Specialising in two main areas of healthcare recruitment, having teams of professional recruiters to tackle both clinical and back of house solutions. We recruit in particular Nurses, Management, Regional management and Directors.