Title: Staff Nurse / ODA Theatre
Webindex: 69031494
Description: INTRODUCTION: This post is working for a top private London Hospital within central London. To work as part of the multi disciplinary team to deliver a high standard of care to the patient undergoing medical treatment. You will be responsible for the assessment of patients care needs and for the development, implementation and evaluation of programmes of care. DUTIES TO INCLUDE: Delivery and management of direct nursing care, Working with agreed nursing standards and according to Nursing and Midwifery Council Code for nurses, Being accountable for nursing outcomes, Enhancing the quality of care by assisting with the management of change in nursing practice based on evidence/research. Within a system of case management, coordinate and monitor the progress of patient care and report any variance appropriately. Ensure the correct storage and administration of medications in accordance with the hospital policies and NMC Standards for Medicine Management and ensure the safe handling of drug keys at all times. Practice multidisciplinary team care and contribute actively towards its successful management. Act at all times as the patient advocate. Work in accordance with the Nursing Strategy to meet the Hospital and Nursing objectives. Manage nursing care and assist with additional management requirements according to planned off duty rota/on call . Participate and assist in developing standards of patient care based on sound research findings. Maintain positive working relationships with all Consultants, ensuring individual Consultant protocols are utilised. Ensure that supplies are adequate and equipment is in working order. REQUIREMENTS: Experience in Anaethetics 1st Level Nurse RN Post registration of 2 years 1st Level or Operation department Practitioner assistant Dip Level 3 (ODP) ; Post registration experience or possession of ENB Certificate ****/****/**** or equivalent experience Clinical knowledge and experience of nursing in similar ward/unit. Understanding of risk management Support the on call team Please note that due to the large number of applications we received, we are not able to reply to everyone. If you do not hear back from us within 1week of your application then unfortunately you have not been successful on this occasion but we thank you for applying and wish you all the best in your search