Title: Water Treatment Engineer  Scotland
Webindex: 69010416
Company: Future Select Recruitment
Description: Our client is a reputable water treatment company specialising in all aspects of water treatment and water hygiene disciplines. Due to expansion in workload, they are now looking for Water Treatment Engineer to operate in and around the Scotland area. Ideally they are looking for a professional from a chemical/chemistry background and at the same time must be selfmotivated and committed and must have previous experience working with this role and within the water treatment/water hygiene industry. Key responsibilities: Monitoring client s air and water systems to ensure they comply with current legislations, carrying out cleaning and chlorination on both hot and cold water systems. Carrying out temperature monitoring and conducting routine sampling and chemical analysis of water systems, interpreting the results and maintaining and installing chemical dosing systems cooling towers and steam boilers. Liaising with the company s large portfolio of clients on a regular basis. The successful applicant must be flexible, competent, have good communication skills, both written and verbal, act independently, work under pressure and organise own workload effectively. This is a good opportunity to join a successful company that offers a competitive salary, company vehicle and other benefits. Future Select are recruiting in the Water Treatment/Hygiene industry. We would be interested in speaking to candidates with experience in any disciplines from Risk Assessors, Service Engineers, Accounts Manager, Business Development/Operational Managers through to Director level. We are dealing with clients across the UK, salaries ****k. Please feel free to visit our website ((url removed)) for further details. We are inundated with applications, will endeavour to get back in touch, however if you have applied to Future Select and you have not heard from us after a week, on this occasion, you will not have been successful. Your details will be saved on our system and you will be contacted in the future if a vacancy matches your skills