Title: First Level Nurses RGN/RMN
Webindex: 68824603
Company: Online Resourcing
Description: Roseberry Care Centres are currently recruiting a number of first level nurses  RGN/RMN for a new service opening in a purpose built care home based at the Norbury Care Centre in Sheffield. A variety of full and parttime hours are available to cover day and/or night shifts. As a qualified first level nurse – RGN/RMN, you will work as part of a dedicated team of care staff to ensure service users have a meaningful life with their individual requirements met. Roseberry Care Centres offer a number of elderly nursing and dementia care services in Sheffield. The new care centre will offer full nursing care for older people, and specialist care for those with dementia related illness. To apply for the position it is essential that as a qualified nurse you have a strong clinical background with an interest and experience in dementia care. All applicants must have:  A current valid NMC PIN  A recognised RGN / RMN nursing qualification  6 months postregistration experience  The right to live and work in the UK  Referees from previous employment, including one clinical reference and a reference from their current employer. In return the company offers **** per hour for vacancies at Norbury Court, which is paid fourweekly; 5.6 weeks holiday per year and access to a stakeholder pension scheme. Standard shifts are days 08.00am – 20.00pm and nights 20.00pm – 08.00am. In addition to the vacancies at this care centre, other nursing opportunities are available within the Roseberry Group in the Sheffield area. Roseberry Care Centres is an equal opportunities employer. If you would like to apply for the position of RGN/RMN, please forward in absolute confidence a full Curriculum Vitae and covering letter to Online Resourcing by clicking the apply button below and completing the short application procedure. If your application is shortlisted to interview stage, you will be required to fill in Roseberry Care Centres standard application form. JOB REF: OLR**** Please note: Unlike a traditional recruitment agency, we guarantee that your application will be viewed by Roseberry Care Centres. It is a nonconsultancy service and we manage the online applications on their behalf.