Title: Registered Manager  Cheshire
Webindex: 72451541
Company: Outcomes UK Limited
Description: Outcomes UK exist to make a positive and lasting difference for children, families and communities. We achieve this through providing our clients with their greatest asset  people who make a difference – whether this is through our Permanent Recruitment, Interim Resourcing or Consultancy services. We are experts in children, adult and health services and aim to be partner of choice for government departments, Local Authorities, NHS organisations and voluntary and independent providers throughout the UK. We are acting as a recruitment agency for this role. I am looking for a Registered Manager/Services Team Manager who will be responsible for the delivery, development and performance of an integrated service portfolio across part of a defined locality. North West  Cheshire  Incorporating Wilmslow, Nantwich and Middlewich. Strong people manager able to inspire and lead people forward. •Manage service budgets, for your part of the locality, and deliver a strong financial performance that enables the organisation to deliver commercial and social objectives whilst achieving budget targets. •Recruit, lead and develop teams that ensure excellence in all aspects of service delivery and customer satisfaction. •Develop practical and strategic partnerships with other agencies to ensure that your customers have choices and opportunities to achieve personalised support life goals. •Act as the local lead in developing and sustaining excellent customer relationships in your part of the locality. QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE •Experience of managing and leading teams to high standards and able to evidence excellent levels of customer regulatory satisfaction. •Experience of budgetary management and analysing financial performance to deliver sustainable efficiencies. •Experience of managing busy operations teams to deliver on new business growth and customer service excellence. •Understanding of regulatory and best practise direction in care health or housing service delivery (desirable). •Professional Social or Health Care Qualification (desirable). SKILLS AND ABILITIES •Able to have a customer perspective and to respond effectively to their needs expectations. •Excellent skills in team building, communications, management and development to achieve service and customer objectives. •Demonstrates understanding of service plans and able to understand applicable financial information. •Organised and methodical in delivering service excellence using procedural and legislative frameworks. •Proficient use of MS software; including creating detailed reports, spreadsheets and presentations. •Demonstrates sustained levels of personal initiative to identify innovative effective solutions to business needs. •Able to influence situations, decisions and people within their services. •Able to personally manage conflicting priorities, a busy schedule of operations and can prioritise and deliver against objectives. •Skilled in delivering presentations to teams and customers (desirable). KNOWLEDGE •Understanding of the scope of service needs and possible outcomes for vulnerable adults in the local community. •Understanding of current public sector commissioning strategies / processes and the key drivers for change within your part of the locality. •Understanding of private customer dynamics and the key drivers that affect an individual’s choice of social care provider longterm loyalty. •Uptodate knowledge of current government or sector initiatives and an understanding of the applicable legislative regulatory frameworks for social care, healthcare or housing services. •Understanding of customer service models and the personalisation agenda. •Understanding of ‘The Dignity Challenge’ as it applies to community social care (desirable). For a full job description, please apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegisteredManagerCheshire_job****