Title: Support Workers (Older People with Dementia)  Northallerton
Webindex: 67745748
Company: Swiis Healthcare
Description: SWIIS urgently requires community and residentialbased support workers to work with older people with dementia across a number of projects in Bristol and the surrounding areas.You will be offered the prospect of working varied shifts, including night and weekend work. However, for the purpose of registration you will be expected to commit to a minimum of 3 shifts per week and be available at times for short notice work.SWIIS currently has a range of client groups who offer both full and parttime flexible hours, with opportunities to become part of a regular rota.Why SWIIS?SWIIS is a provider of quality services, led by people who have extensive knowledge of the health and social care industry and the needs of the different sectors within which we work. SWIIS offers all workers full continuous professional training, dedicated consultant and 24 hour oncall support, and flexible working opportunities to meet individual workers’ requirements within their skill sectors.Benefits ****  **** per hour (dependent on the project). Free CRB. Free mandatory and servicespecific training. Ongoing professional update maintenance. Excellent outofhours management support.Essential requirements Driver with own car. At least **** year of recent experience in a relevant field. Understanding and knowledge of the issues faced by service users. Creative approach to empowering service users to achieve their goals. Commitment to the care and wellbeing of service users. Dedication to continued professional and personal development.Desirable Current enhanced CRB. Training in supporting service users with dementia.Apply nowIf you have the skills, attitude and experience to be successful in this role, we want to hear from you today. Please submit an uptodate CV detailing a full employment and study history.SWIIS is an Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. SWIIS is an equal opportunities employer.Due to the volume of applicants, if you have not received a response from us within 14 days, please assume that you have not been successful in your application.Terms and conditions apply.