Title: Occ Health Case Manager  Edinburgh
Webindex: 67283363
Company: Team 24 Ltd
Description: My client is a leading UK organisation, now recruiting for a Case Manager to join their Healthcare division. This is the fastest growing business area for my client, working extensively across both public and private sectors. The right candidate they arelooking to employ an experienced Occ Health Case Manager to be base in the Edinburgh Office. preferably with OH case management experience. You will be an OH trained Nurse or a Physiotherapist, both with Case Management experience. with current NMC registration in good standing. Actual background for the right candidate is quite open, Excellent customer service skills are a 'must have’ as is good numeric, literacy and oral communication skills. Confidence in telephone and computer skills are also a 'must’: the ability to deliver face to face & telephone consultation work and accurately write up the outcomes. Please apply to PeterTeam24 Now About us: Team24 is a healthcare recruitment specialist which provides healthcare workers for a wide range of temporary placements, from doctors to specialist nurses across the NHS and private sectors. We pride ourselves on providing an exceptional quality of service to all in the healthcare sector, including the NHS, GP Surgeries, Mental Health Institutions, Prisons, Charities, Community Nursing, Nursing Homes, Residential Homes and the Military. We supply Nurses, Care workers, GP’s, Consultants and Homecare, on a 24 hour basis depending on when you need work. We can do this on a Temporary, Fixed Term Contract or Permanent Basis, what ever you need, when ever you need it. We work throughout the UK, supporting clients when they need us and working in partnership with them to ensure that we supply the right member of staff for their needs. As a company we are growing on a weekly basis and have numerous opportunities available in various trusts and private organisations throughout the UK, if this role isn’t what you are looking for why not send you details to our recruitment team via email recruitersteam24.co.uk or visit our website at www.team24.co.uk Thank you for your interest. Team24 is an Equal Opportunity Employer