Title: Clinical Operations Manager
Webindex: 46852053
Description: Position  Clinical Operations Manager Salary  **** 10% London waiting Hours  Full Time 37.5hrs per week Location  South London My client is a marketing focused, results oriented social enterprise. They develop efficient, effective and sustainable family planning programmes in the UK and overseas. The UK division provides services to men and women over 130,000 times a year. My client is seeking a dedicated and experienced Clinical Lead to manage the team members at their Centre based in South London. The primary purpose of the role is to ensure the smooth running of the centre on a day to day basis by overseeing all clinical areas and supervision of the nursing team, coordination of doctors/surgeons/anaesthetists, being the main point of call for clinical matters and by being a part of the supervisory team. The role will be hands on and you will be expecting to lead by example in all clinical operations and provide leadership through coaching and development. The Clinical Lead will lead on the positive changes within the centre from basic requirements through to strategic planning for the years ahead. It is an exciting role enabling the successful candidate to have direct impact on operations. A background within sexual health or gynaecology would be a distinct advantage but not essential. However, experience of working within a high volume environment e.g. outpatients/day surgery is essential. Experience of leading and managing a team to achieve objectives, targets and excellent levels of client satisfaction is required. Qualifications / Training / Knowledge: First level registered nurse (practising) Up to date understanding of gynaecology and theatre practice (recent experience not essential) Management Qualification (CMS / DMS / NEBSM) or willingness to study for supervisory qualification GCSE (or equivalent) standard Maths and English IT Skills including use of Windows / MS Office Experience: Gynaecology / Midwifery (desirable) Theatre (desirable) Infection Control Experience of supervising / leading a team Working without direct supervision Coaching or training individuals or groups (desirable) Reporting and administration Implementing change Service delivery and providing a high standard of client care Skills: Excellent communication skills, both written and spoken Highly organised with good time management and prioritising skills; achieves deadlines Excellent client care skills Good influencing / persuasion skills Able to deal effectively with other health care professionals and external officials Comfortable dealing with difficult situations including distressed / angry clients Effective and decisive in a busy environment Able to implement change and achieve results through leading by example Able to identify objectives and tenacious at ensuring these are fulfilled