Title: Dental : Orthodontic Dental Nurses Jobs in Oxford
Webindex: 71110688
Description: Flame Health Dentistry Jobs  Orthodontic Dental Nurse Jobs in Oxford, Oxfordshire Flame Health Dentistry are seeking an orthodontic dental nurse for this practice in Oxford. Candidates ideally will have experience in the industry, with appropriate qualifications and registrations being essential. While they will work under supervision of a lead nurse, they will have a desire to learn further about Orthodontics. They will see this as a next step in their career and have thought through this move carefully. As the Orthodontic Dental Nurse you will focus primarily on chair side nursing support for the Clinicians. However, there will be scope and requirement for them to be actively involved in all other areas of the Practice. There will also be scope for professional development and further training if desired, for example, to undertake the Orthodontic Nurses course. This modern practice has all the latest technology and is well equipped throughout. Training and coaching are fundamentals of this organisation. All staff undergo an induction period and regular meetings and training sessions are held at the practice. Continued personal professional development is always encouraged. Responsibilities within this position include the coordination of clinician activities, as well as assisting the orthodontists, providing crossinfection control, sterilisation of equipment and preparation of surgery. You will maintain surgery/protocol, conduct patient education (hygiene) and provide patient oral hygiene checks, developing and building a rapport with patients. You will also be expected to communicate with the clinician and receptionist accurately, assisting the receptionist as required, inputting accurate data into the appointment book. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Dental Nurse Job Opportunities in Oxford or the Oxfordshire Region  Contact Flame Health Freephone on **** **** **** or if calling from mobile on **** **** alternatively email dentistryflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business