Title: Scrub Nurse  Day Case  Nottingham
Webindex: 68571309
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Position  Scrub Nurse  Day CaseLocation  NottinghamSalary  ********k Band 5 pro rotaHours  ****hrs per weekOur client, an impressive, modern, purposebuilt Treatment Centre in Nottingham with stateoftheart facilities, currently has an excellent opportunity for scrub practitioner to work within its Theatre day case suite. JOB SUMMARYThe post holder will act in support of the senior staff, ensuring high standards of effective care are delivered to all patients within the Day Case Theatre suite, whilst maintaining communication within the team. The post holder must have experience in theatre / anaesthetic practice and be prepared to take on greater responsibility within the theatre suite. DUTIESClinical Practice Prepare an operating theatre/anaesthetic room for surgery in relation to instrumentation, equipment and supplies required for specific operative procedures, ensuring waste is kept to a minimum. In the case of anaesthetics ensure all necessary and emergency equipment is available and in working order. Ensure the Patient Record is completed in a timely and accurate way. Act as preceptor for student ODP's, learners, junior nurses and HCA's, where appropriate and participate in teaching within your sphere of knowledge and skill Run a theatre list without supervision and supervise and mentor junior staff. Perform scrub, circulating and anaesthetic duties Organise own time and be responsible for appropriate delegation of staff and duties. Maintain effective channels of communication at all times. Comply with policies/procedures and in particular, issues relating to Health and Safety, COSSH, Incidents Reporting and the Data Protection Act. Report all accidents and untoward incidents to senior staff and complete electronic reporting system. Act as specialist/link person having undergone the relevant training sessions in your area of expertise. Deliver patient care in accordance with recognised standards of research based clinical practise. By precept and example, to ensure that the rights, dignity and confidentiality of the patient are protected at all times. Undertake any other duties that may reasonably be required. Understand and apply a holistic patient centred care approach, identifying and taking into account specialist clinical needs whilst the patient is in the Day Case unit. Work within a flexible working roster, designed to achieve the most effective use of staff for the patient's requirements. Participate in the on call rota in order to provide a telephone help line. QualificationsRN/RGNExperience Relevant experience i.e. evidence of recent practice in Theatre/Recovery/Ward areas Demonstrable record of Continuing Professional Development.Skills/Attributes Ability to teach/coach peers, junior staff trainees Good communication team building skills Able to cope with change/adaptability/flexibility and a proactive approach Demonstrates organisational /leadership abilities Relate well to all staff. Motivator of staff and colleagues. Diligence/Enthusiasm positivism Confident Resilience For more information please contact Holly Brace at JP Recruit on N/A or N/A alternatively please submit your CV to holly N/A .uk