Title: RGN  Sister Charge Nurse  London
Webindex: 71771419
Company: The Placement Group
Description: RGN  London Sister charge nurse Haematology & Oncology Fulltime Salary ****k  ****k DOE Based in central London the hospital is an acute care facility situated in the heart of the esteemed medical district. They are currently recruiting for a sister charge nurse for their brand new oncology unit. They are one of the bestequipped multi disciplinary private hospitals in the capital and have gained global recognition for their medical excellence. Your job purpose  Leading the clinical management of a defined ward or department in the absence of the Clinical Nurse Manager within the unit to include support and mentorship of junior staff, acting as a clinical expert and role model. Your duties will include  Demonstrate competent clinical practice at all times, is accountable for own actions and acts as a role model. Ensure that you and others can appropriately assess, plan, implement and evaluate the care they provide. Ensures that you and others respect the principles of patient privacy, dignity, autonomy and confidentiality. Provides patients, families and carers with expert, unbiased information regarding the causes, care and management of their condition. Assumes the role of clinical nursing expert for areas of responsibility. To be considered for this position you must be a  Registered Nurse Level Proven Haematology & oncology and surgical experience NMC Registration and PREP requirements Post Registration Qualification Proven post registration experience Experience of working in a private patient setting Evidence of recognized management training Phlebotomy / IV/ Chemotherapy experience Knowledge of relevant hospital policies and procedures Health & Safety training Lifting and Handling In return you will be offered a competitive salary, pension scheme, healthcare trust scheme, life assurance, gym membership and other benefits. The closing date for applications is Mon 4th Feb, and you must be available the week of the 11th Feb for interview. To apply for this post please send your cv to or call Everton on for more information.