Title: National Account Consultant
Webindex: 69856585
Description: Advantage Healthcare Group is currently seeking a motivated and enthusiastic National Account Consultant. You will provide key support to the National Accounts Team for the smooth running of national and local projects for whole branch network. The role incorporates both administrative and project management related duties, including: Manage and coordinate projects, programmes, accounts and ad hoc National Account bookings To provide and maintain departmental administration Maintain professional relationships with current and new clients Handle large call volumes for client request in line with in house company systems Provide and maintain the department administration as discussed and agreed with the National Account Manager Excellent interpersonal skills and an excellent level of customer care, verbally, in person and via correspondence is essential. The successful candidate should also possess effective IT skills and be proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook. Ability to work on own initiative, without supervision when required and be able to prioritise workloads is a must, as well as working effectively within a team. Please apply online now attaching your current CV. We do try to respond personally to all applications, however if you have not heard from us within **** working days then please presume your application to be unsuccessful. Advantage Healthcare Group is an equal opportunities employer. Benefits:  Flexible hours to suit you  Competitive rates of pay  Holiday pay  Members Loyalty program  Specialist training to further develop your career  CRB Reimbursement scheme  Access to exclusive discounts for High Street stores, travel and other leisure activities  Work with some of the UK’s most prestigious companies and individuals To Apply: Apply online now enclosing your current CV and covering letter, alternatively call our Recruitment Line on **** **** **** **** To be successful you must be able to supply clinical references that cover recent skills and experience. Applicants subject to enhanced level CRB. Advantage Healthcare is an equal opportunities employer (AGY).