Title: RGN Sexual Health, Family Planning, Registered Nurse
Webindex: 69748293
Company: Support Services Group
Description: Position RGN Sexual Health, Family Planning, Registered Nurse Salary  ****  10% Hours Full Time 37.5hrs per week Location  Essex (Within M25) My client is a marketing focused, results oriented social enterprise. They develop efficient, effective and sustainable family planning programmes in the UK and overseas. The UK division provides services to men and women over 130,000 times a year. They are currently looking for experienced RGN s with a genuine interested in sexual health and family planning services. Daytoday involves working in a busy and demanding environment where you will provide excellent clinical care and guidance to their clients at all times offering services which include, contraception, emergency contraception, pregnancy testing, unplanned pregnancy consultations, early medical abortion, surgical abortion, vasectomy, STI testing and treatment, cervical screening, blood testing and ultrasound scanning (once training is completed). Please be aware this is not a family planning role; it is RGN position where you will spend 8090% of your time dealing with women going through medical or surgical terminations. For the first **** 18 months you will spend all of your time at the latter stages of a client journey with the company, i.e scrubbing in surgery and administering medical termination drugs. Only once you have had lots of exposure to this environment you can then start getting involved with the initial conversation, administering of MA drugs and discussing birth control options. This due to the position involving a lot of questions from the client and you need to have a thorough knowledge of the area as to what the client can expect. Once you have a good understanding of the TOP procedure and client flow, you will start to rotate around the centre covering different areas and going on training sessions such as ultrasound and ultimately having a more variety in your job. Qualifications RN Level 1 or 2 GCSE standard or equivalent in Maths and English Language Experience Outpatients A Day Surgery Labour ward Acute Experience of working with minimal supervision and in a nurse led environment Experience of managing own patient case load within any of the following clinical areas: outpatient clinics/minor injuries/day surgery units / acute services/ community services including experience of delivering any of the following Treating small injuries Helping with minor operations done under local anaesthetic Health screening Diabetic clinics Family planning For more information please contact Holly Brace at JP Recruit