Title: Graduate Statistician
Webindex: 70169636
Company: CBSbutler
Description: Job: Graduate Statistician Location: Witney Salary: **** **** pa Our client, a leading multinational pharmaceutical company, is seeking a Graduate Statistician, who will support the development, transfer to production and improvement of products and testing procedures through the application of statistical methods to the products and processes. The Graduate Statistician will carry out the following duties and responsibilities: Preparing statistical reports clearly communicating results in a manner suitable for both technical and nontechnical customers. Performing and reporting the statistical development, evaluation and validation of stability, calibration and product release methods by use of appropriate statistical methodologies. Providing statistical support in the development of new products through to launch under direction of Senior/Principal Statistician. In absence of the supervision ensure progression of the activities. Analysing experiments and reviewing past data as necessary to improve products. Analysing and reporting Claim Support data. Supporting requirements related to finished product testing and performance monitoring including developing the existing systems. Work with and give statistical advice to data analysts. Maintain appropriate records of activities and tasks carried out, in compliance with the appropriate Quality System requirements of ADC UK, e.g. cGMP, GLP. Supporting cross functional projects and liaising with other groups across the company. Respond to adhoc data and analysis queries in a timely manner. The Graduate Statistician must have the following skills and experience: Educated to degree level with BSc in Mathematics or Statistics (or equivalent) to ensure that the jobholder has sufficient technical knowledge to understand and use statistics. Must be accurate and organised in work approach and have good attention to detail in order to ensure that data and analyses are accurate and meet the requirements of the project. Must have good written communication skills to be able to prepare appropriate reports. Must have good oral communication skills to be able to provide management with feedback on development needs and report and present progress. Must have a basic technical and theoretical understanding of projects to be able to extrapolate initial results to predict outcomes and take appropriate actions. Experience in SAS is preferred, must have experience in using word processor applications and spread sheets to perform suitable data analysis and report writing. Ability to work to own initiative and as part of a team. These requirements are essential, so unfortunately we are not able to consider any applicants who do not fulfill the above criteria. This is a fantastic opportunity to secure a position within a reputable global pharmaceutical company. If you would like to be considered for this position please send your CV to us by responding to this advert. Key words: Graduate Statistician , Maths, Statistics, statistician, Junior statistician