Title: Territory Sales Manager  Diagnostic / POC
Webindex: 69689601
Company: Orrery Recruitment Ltd
Description: Business Manager London / Essex in the ever growing point of care market. Superb opportunity to work with aspirational leadership, innovative and novel technology in a winners culture. Your role will see you balance a technical Capital sales process into the NHS the focus is the Point of Care Diagnostic markets. The NHS is changing so a professional is needed that can work with these changes. In particular the ability to develop the business in both Primary and secondary care from a Strategic perspective and manage the patient journey. The geographical area is North London / Essex so location around these areas would be key. This is a very strategic account role so location has some flex. The Sales process can be long so the ability to plan and prioritize is key to success. This individual is responsible for managing welldefined accounts within the Point of Care Business. A background selling capital / Medical Device / Diagnostic into this area of the NHS would be ideal. This is a highly specialist sector, very patient focused and technical in its nature. Whilst generating new revenue opportunities is key ensuring stability, account management and holding market share are paramount to the success of the division. The ability to be able to control, hold and grow your business is absolutely key.  Achieve agreed sales and financial targets in line with received objectives for the geographical / business / assigned area  Develop, implement and review account plans, in line with company commercial policies, for targeted customers, purchasers and influencers that drive sales  Build and develop professional longterm customer relationships  Manager existing and new customers hand in hand and keep them fully informed about the products to ensure patient customer needs are met and revenue obligations achieved  Analysis of the market, of the competition, of differentiation and of information in order to have a growing market share and react quickly to opportunities  Collaborate with Marketing on how to better differentiate from the competition (pricing, marketing actions, product positioning, .) and what information is needed to deal with opportunities in the most effective way  Manage the complete sales cycle (including the negotiation of sales conditions) while gaining access to the appropriate decision makers and influencers in it . This is a great company, one of the biggest healthcare companies in the world with a very strong succession planning policy.