Title: Service Manager  Coventry
Webindex: 71186396
Company: Virgin Care Limited
Description: Service manager  Coventry Virgin Care works in partnership with a range of organisations and invests time and money to develop high quality NHS services which provide care good enough for our own families. We have an exciting new role for a service Manager to join the team working across our Coventry sites. Brief Job Description: The Service Manager will be responsible for the overall management and operational delivery of health care services over a number of sites in Coventry , embracing the Virgin Care values at all times. To manage all staff and resources across the services to ensure the successful delivery. They will work to improve both clinical and operational outputs by working with the clinical and professional leads. To be responsible for t he delivery of the contract working to transform the services and improve patient experience. A key role will be the monitoring, review and compilation of information for monitoring contract performance. Other duties include:  Managing and taking day to day responsibility for the budget associated with the services ensuring that resources are deployed efficiently. Complete, review monthly flash reports and ensure accuracy in budgeting for the service. Raise Purchase Orders for service supplies and equipment.  To have good sound knowledge of QoF (quality outcomes framework) and high standards to meet KPI targets, ensure excellent monitoring and good practice to deliver high quality service.  To work flexibly, travelling between sites to maintain a good understanding of how services are operating and working in a way that reflects the fluid and varied methods of service delivery.  To be aware of commissioning requirements and pressures and to work with the Regional Operational Manager to ensure good working relations and commissioner satisfaction. Prepare for and attend contractual meetings.  To manage conflict and obstacles to change by the formulation of strategies and processes to overcome such barriers in conjunction with the Clinical Team. Knowledge, Skills, Experience and Qualifications Required: Essential: Service management within a Healthcare environment Experience of financial and budget management Experience of managing KPIs within a contract Competent people management skills Management qualification or relevant experience Negotiation and influencing skills Good communication skills Confident IT skills Understanding of the Governance Framework Desirable:  Project management training experience Other Considerations (i.e. required to travel): Travel required within West Region and other locations where applicable. Candidate must have access to their own transport. 37.5 hrs per week. Closing date 8th February. A CRB is required for this role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ServiceManagerCoventry_job****