Title: Regional Recruiter  West Scotland
Webindex: 70141239
Company: Care Vacancy Ltd
Description: An exciting and varied opportunity has arisen for an experienced Recruiter to join a successful, quality driven national care provider in the West Scotland region. Ideally you will have come from a health social care background and have good recruitment and staff retention experience and skills. You will need knowledge of the West of Scotland, have excellent communications skills, good IT skills, and have a full driving licence. This role may also suit an experienced coordinator who has the recruitment and interviewing skills needed for this role, a background in HR would also be beneficial but not a necessity. This exciting senior position will involve you travelling a large area of West Scotland visiting busy Domiciliary Care branches and working along side the Branch Manager and coordinators to establish the on going recruitment of care staff. You will need to raise awareness of the company in each area and what it has to offer in terms of career progression, training, pay and reward. You will attend meetings and be able to provide facts and figures regarding the recruitment of new staff, branch staff retention stats, growth of areas, marketing and recruitment ideas and solutions. You will also arrange staff interviews, conduct interviews and assist in the recruitment process to ensure staff feel well supported and valued. This is a very busy, challenging, demanding position and you will need to have a cheerful and outgoing character to cope with the fast pace this position will demand of you. You will need to be well organised, self motivated, professional and very approachable. This role is very much a people person type role, you will need to be flexible, assertive and friendly and really enjoy meeting new people and ensuring that good communication throughout the recruitment process is a priority. Full training and ongoing support will be given along with an excellent salary and generous car allowance. If you feel you have the above skills and are looking for a varied, exciting but challenging senior position in the health social care sector then please contact us