Title: Project Leader (Medical Devices)
Webindex: 69933597
Company: Staffline
Description: Currently recruiting for a Project Leader within a global medical device business. Responsible for the management of project activities within a multi disciplined engineering team to meet specified project objectives / deliverables. Projects will include new products, capacity expansion, process improvements, installation / validation of semi & fully automated equipment for plastic injection moulding, assembly and packaging machines in line with Corporate requirements. RESPONSIBILITIES oManage project activities within the project team in line with project objectives and deliverables. oLead required operational activities for the project in line with the global project objectives defined by the project Core Team Leader. oEnsure close working relationship with the project Core Team Leader and team members within R&D and WWE. oMonitor activity progress for the project in line with the project objectives / deliverable and timelines. oProvide project reports on a regular basis for effective communication. oEnsure project documentation and compliance is to the corporate and site requirements. oProvide support for the operational activities and project phase reviews. oWork closely with the project team members to ensure required support is provided to meet project objectives and timelines. oConduct project reviews with the project team and site management on a regular basis. oDevelopment of robust and cost effective manufacturing processes for product manufacture. oProvide support for product costing and financial assessment of project. oProvide support for training / development of project team members. oProvide support for the annual budget preparation and project capital. oMonitor project expenses in line with the approved project budget. oProvide support for preparation of monthly project reports. oEnsure smooth transfer of project knowledge and technology from engineering to production. oEnsure compliance with quality policies, cGMP, procedures and practices through appropriate communication and training. oEnsures all activities, equipment and facilities comply with site cGMP, Health, Safety and Environmental policies. Additional information on competencies required: Good level of project management skills. Effective communication, presentation and documentation skills. People management skills. Good level of engineering, validation and process development knowledge. Risk analysis, HPRM / FMEA process. Knowledge of Statistical analysis / SPC system. Knowledge of Six Sigma methodologies. Design of Experiment for process development. Knowledge of GMP, Quality and Regulatory requirements for medical industry. EXPERIENCE: Proven track record in project management / leadership and people management. Good level of hands on engineering experience within a medium to high volume automated manufacturing environment, ideally within an injection moulding. Project management (MS Project). Validation of automated manufacturing processes, ideally within a medical or pharmaceutical industry. QUALIFICATIONS: Degree / HND in engineering, preferably Electro Mechanical engineering or Polymer Science related subjects