Title: Senior Social Worker Mental Health MOD / Military Shropshire
Webindex: 66426287
Description: Advantage Healthcare has an exceptional opportunity in the UK for an experienced Senior Social Worker to work for the Ministry of Defence. The post is dealing with mainly the soft end of the mental health spectrum, such as depression, anxiety adjustment disorder to name but a few, although there are also patients with schizophrenia. Senior Social Worker to provide support to the comprehensive Tri Service mental health social work service to Service Personnel patients who have a mental health diagnosis, which may lead to a medical discharge or a return to duty, as appropriate. The successful candidate:  Must be able to demonstrate that extensive post qualifying experience in mental health social work has been gained and put into regular practice.  Must produce evidence of post qualification training and development in the field of mental health social work.  Must have recognised, relevant and significant social work experience and delivery in a mental health setting such as a CMHT, Hospital or other recognised and relevant mental health team.  Must be able to demonstrate a working knowledge of mental health legislation under the Mental Health Act **** and subsequent and current legislation and guidance pertinent to England. Previous military experience and a AMHP qualification are an advantage, but are not essential. This role is paying **** per hour Ltd and is starting asap until **** with the possibility of being longer. I also have other vacancies for Social Workers across the UK. All applicants must hold DipSW or equivalent qualification in social work and be HCPC registered. A car driver is preferable. These posts are very popular and therefore you will need to be prepared to complete the registration form and safeguarding checks promptly. Advantage can offer candidates: Subsidised Training Contribution to HCPC renewal Free CRB Ongoing Support and Advice From Your Dedicated Consultant Conditions apply. Subject to a free, enhanced CRB. Advantage Healthcare Group is an equal opportunities employer. (Agy)