Title: Foster Parent
Webindex: 72687625
Company: eRecruit Solutions Ltd
Description: Foster Carer / Foster Parent in Nottingham and surrounding areas Foster Carers are sought to join this organisation in Nottingham to provide a safe and secure family home for children and young people in the care system. The organisation is an independent fostering agency located in the East Midlands just on the border of Derby and Nottingham. They work with local authorities through the region by providing them with excellent Foster Carers who are able to care safely for children in their own homes. Working with Foster Carers from all walks of life, their goal is to ensure that children are provided with the caring homes that they need. Their friendly, enthusiastic and dynamic fostering services team provide a high level of support and training for all its’ carers too. Title: Foster Carer / Foster Parent Location: Nottingham and surrounding areas Salary: ****  **** per week Benefits: Carer support groups, free training and workshops, dedicated Supervising Social Worker, family fun days Foster Carers must possess the following: •A spare bedroom exclusively for the foster child •Experience of working with, or caring for, children and teenagers •A good standard of living accommodation that is clean, warm and fully furnished •A reasonable standard of written and spoken English •One carer in the home must not be in fulltime employment As a Foster Carer you will be responsible for the following: •Providing a good level of physical care and emotional support to vulnerable children who are unable to live with their birth families •Working in partnership with a range of professionals such as teachers, health professionals, youth workers etc. •Providing daily records on children in your care; detailing any contact they have with their family, health appointments etc. •Being readily available to meet the needs of the child each day The successful Foster Carer can look forward to an extremely rewarding career with full support from the organisation along the way. Please click to apply for the opportunity to become a Foster Carer in Nottingham and the surrounding areas If the details shown on your CV match our client's requirements, we will provide our client with your full details so that they can judge whether you may be suitable for the opportunity advertised. Your details, as submitted by you, will only be used in relation to this specific opportunity. By applying to this advert and submitting your CV and/or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. eRecruit Solutions is a flat fee online recruitment company, who actively recruit for the following roles: Foster Parent, Child Care, Social Work, Foster Carer, Child Support, Social Care, Residential Carer, Youth Worker in Nottingham and the surrounding areas Ref: DCF****A