Title: Paediatric Diabetes Nurse Specialist
Webindex: 69554165
Company: The Rotherham NHS Foundation Trust
Description: JOB DESCRIPTION Job Title: Children’s Diabetes Nurse Specialist Grade: Band 6 Accountable to: Service Director, Children and Young People’s Services R esponsible to: Matron, Acute, Complex Care and Long Term Conditions Services Accountable for: Own Professional Practice Supervision of Staff within the Children’s Diabetes Team Overall Purpose A Children’s Diabetes Nurse Specialist is required to develop the most effective and appropriate care of children with diabetes, their families and carers within the district served by Rotherham Primary Care Trust. To provide counselling, education and support for children with diabetes and their families/carers to enable them to take responsibility for managing their own health care in a way as to maximise their wellbeing. To provide expert advice and specialist education for nursing and allied health professionals involved in the care of children with diabetes to ensure an effective high quality service. To work as an independent Children’s diabetes specialist practitioner providing an effective and high quality patientfocused service that is sensitive to the needs of users and providers. To provide leadership across the district in the treatment and nursing care of chil dren with diabetes. To maintain strong links with the Adult Diabetes Specialist Nursing Team to facilitate smooth transition. To act as a specialist health resource for children, health care professionals, school staff and the public in relation to children with diabetes through the delivery of structured education. Freedom to Act Accountable for own professional actions. Managed but not directly supervised. Lead the development of Children’s Diabetes Nursing Services across Rotherham General Hospital Trust and Rotherham PCT. Make autonomous decisions regarding the nursing management of Children with Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes, including advising on changes to treatment and initiation of insulin therapy. To refer clients directly to other health professionals as appropriate. To facilitate treatment and management regimes, deliver nurse led clinics and provide pump start ups and ongoing monitoring, liaising with colleagues where necessary. Ability to interpret laboratory and near patient test results in order to provide individual diabetes management. To work as an Independent Nurse Prescriber. Key Result Areas Patient/Client Care  To have clinical autonomy over the management of a caseload of Children Young People with a complex, chronic and progressive disease.  To assess, deliver and evaluate specialised individual programmes of care, advising where appropriate on changes to treatment/lifestyle by giving informed choices in line with current guidelines.  To initiate and adjust insulin therapy and provide follow up care within the current recommended guidelines.  To receive referrals from the Children’s multidisciplinary care team and prioritise as appropriate.  To empower Children Young People and families to access healthcare by providing specialised advice tailored to address their complex needs to ensure a holistic approach.  To provide highly specialised advice on children’s diabetes to all health care professionals across the primary, secondary care interface on all matters relating to Children’s diabetes management.  To provide ongoing psychological support to Children Young People with complex needs, ensuring that appropriate and effective referrals are made when necessary.  To monitor the progress of the child with diabetes within the annual review framework and set agreed targets for improvements where necessary.  To provide clinical support to consultant led services at Rotherham General Hospitals Trust.  Maintain a comprehensive record system in all aspect of Children’s Diabetes care.  To undertake daily complex assessments and review /follow up of Children Families. Policy and Service Development  To support the MDT in meeting the requirements of the Best Practice Tariff and DQUIN requirements for Paediatric diabetes Services.  To lead in the developing, implementing and evaluating nursing policies and guidelines for Children’s diabetes care within primary and secondary care trusts.  To take an active role in promoting and facilitating team working within the Children’s diabetes team.  To establish good working relationships and work collaboratively with colleagues across the primary and secondary care trusts in order to implement changes to the delivery of local Children’s Diabetes Services.  To participate in the development of care pathways for the management of Children’s diabetes across primary and secondary care.  To actively support the development and advancement of professional practice in Children’s Diabetes Specialist Nursing.  To work closely with the local implementation team in the development of local diabetes services.  To implement all Trust, Joint agency and Professional Guidelines.  To be conversant with and adhere to the Primary Care Trust Procedures on Child Protection and the South Yorkshire ACPC Child Protection Procedures. Clinical Governance  To participate in the implementation of initiatives to improve Children’s Diabetes care and support practice development to ensure a high quality service.  To develop data collection mechanisms and analyse information to facilitate service improvement.  To take a proactive approach to clinical risk management. Human Resources  To be responsible for the daytoday management of the Children’s Diabetes Nurse Service.  To be involved in the interviewing and recruitment of new team members.  To mentor and support new team members. Education and Training  To participate in the development of educational material/training packages for Children and families, carers including yearly age banded education sessions and health care professionals in Rotherham as part of a structured education programme.  To deliver/participate in specialist education programmes for pre and post registration level for all grades of nursing, medical and other health professionals.  Ensure that nursing staff employed within the Rotherham health community are provided with evidencebased education in Children’s Diabetes care, working in partnership with the Learning and Development Department.  To maintain regular links with other Diabetes Specialist Nurses at both local and national level.  To update and maintain own clinical knowledge and competence by attending post education courses, study days, workshops and conferences on a regular basis.  To undertake continuing professional development through the identification of personal education requirements in order to maintain and improve professional knowledge and competence (PDR process). Responsibility for Research and Development  To conduct/participate in research and audit related to Children’s diabetes care, evaluating and implementing best practice as appropriate.  To ensure that Children’s diabetes nursing practice is evidence based and reflects audit and research outcomes.  To ensure own practice is research/evidence based. Management and Leadership  To manage the Children’s diabetes clinical caseload.  To work as an automonous practitioner.  To provide clinical leadership to others working within the Children’s diabetes nurse team, by promoting professional standards.  To participate in Diabetes Specialist Nurse Forums at regional and national levels.  To contribute to the development of the Children’s speciality team in order that timely and appropriate care is available.  To be actively involved in regular clinical supervision, using a reflective process, to enhance professional practice in a supporting and nurturing environ ment. Service Planning and Development according to local needs. Mental Effort  Required to concentrate fully during the holistic assessment of Children Young People with complex needs, utilising advanced skills of assessment, interpreting the complex needs of Children Young People and carers.  Occasionally unpredictable work pattern, interruptions and multiple demands on time both clinically and managerally.  Required to provide clinical expertise and autonomous decisionmaking during contact with children in hospital and community settings. Emotional Effort  Dealing with Children Young People who are experiencing psychological problems such as behavioural disruptions or depression, whilst trying to manage a chronic condition.  Communicate highly sensitive and emotive condition related information to Children Young People (and relatives of Children Young People) who have multiple longterm disabilities resulting from diabetes.  To prioritise work quickly and effectively, often during crisis intervention to prevent unnecessary admission to hospital.  Arrange emergency admission for clients to hospital if necessary. Physical Effort  Transporting heavy or bulky equipment to and from venues for study days. Working Conditions  Travelling alone by car across Rotherham PCT with occasional exposure to unpleasant environments and adverse weather conditions  Provide care in a variety of settings including Children Young People homes, schools, hospital wards and departments. Flexibility and adaptability is required.  Occasional dealing with clients who may be exhibiting aggressive behaviour due to the effects of hypoglycaemia (low blood sugar).  Contact with Children Young People and their families who may have alcohol or drug dependency.  Exposure to blood, used syringes and lancets during injection technique and blood glucose monitoring.  Regular use of a computer keyboard and visual display unit.  Subject to high level of interruptions in shared office due to frequent telephone contact to Children Young People, health professionals and regular patient/health professionals drop in.  Work alone and could be at occasional risk of verbal abuse or physical threats.  As experienced nurse, frequent interruptions by junior staff for advice and support. General The duties of the post may be subject to variation from time to time. However, changes will be made in consultation with the post holder. In the context of rapid and ongoing change within the NHS the above responsibilities represent the current priorities and requirements for the post. These priorities will develop and evolve over time. Any significant changes will be the subject of full consultation with the post holder. This post involves substantial access to children and will require the successful applicant to agree to an enhanced disclosure check with the Criminal Records Bureau against National and Local police records. Each individual member of staff has a direct responsibility to minimise the risks of and associated with healthcare associated infections. All staff must support the infection control programme by promoting and maintaining a clean, safe environment, assist with the development, implementation and monitoring of policies and following all the principles contained within the Health and Social Care Act ****: code of practice for the prevention and control of healthcare associated infections. The Trust has a duty to ensure that all employees understand their duties and responsibilities with regard to safeguarding of Children, Young People and Vulnerable Adults. The post holder will ensure that staff attend the appropriate level of training so they develop knowledge and skills to identify and report concerns or suspicions of abuse or neglect. The post holder will support staff to access safeguarding policies and procedures, and to seek specialist advice when required from Named Professionals within the organisation. The post holder will adhere to all Trust policies and procedures and relevant legislation including the registration requirements of the Nursing and Midwifery Council and to attend mandatory training as identified by the Trust. The post holder must adhere at all times to the Code of Conduct and any other relevant documents published by the Nursing and Midwifery Council. All Managers have a general accountability for ensuring, so far as is reasonably practicable, the health, safety and welfare of the employees under their direction at work. The post holder must maintain the confidentiality of information about patients’ staff and Trust business in accordance with the Data Protection Act **** and Caldicott principles. The Trust has adopted an equal opportunities policy and all employees must be aware of their obligations to abide by the spirit and nature of the policy to avoid direct and indirect discrimination . Ensure Trust Information Governance policy and best practice is followed (including confidentiality and data quality) to ensure data quality is maximised and confidentiality of information is maintained and applied to all data recorded, utilised and reported on. Job Description Agreement This agreement confirms that the attached Job Description for the post of Senior Diabetes Nurse Specialist is agreed an accurate reflection of the current main duties and responsibilities of the post at **** th October **** Signed…………………………………………………. Date………………………………. Post Holder Signed…………………………………………………. Date………………………………. Manager 1