Title: Consultant Social Worker  Safeguarding  Hertford
Webindex: 68707727
Company: Synergy
Description: Consultant Social Worker  Safeguarding  Hertford We have an exciting new opportunity for experienced Consultant Social Workers to join our Safeguarding team. You will be responsible for supporting and assisting with the leadership and management of a social work team delivering a high quality and effective social work service to children and families. We are looking for highly motivated and experienced individuals to join us. The role offers excellent learning and development opportunities and the chance to be part of a team that is engaged in shaping our reforms and new career structure. A broad knowledge and understanding of a range of interventions and a commitment to social learning is essential. You will have a proven knowledge and understanding of child development in a child protection context and solid experience of managing risk. We are looking for creative, open minded people to help to support our teams so ideally you will have some supervisory experience. The role will include, direct work with children, young people and their families, day to day management of social work, case management responsibility for your team's caseload and monitoring the performance of the team to ensure excellent service is provided to families. Providing effective leadership to your team of social workers and support staff will be vital to enable us to succeed in the challenges that we face in safeguarding our children. Consultant Social Worker  Safeguarding  Hertford This is permanent position, to start asap and the following incentives are on offer  Annual Market Forces Bonus of **** paid on the anniversary on your start date as a Senior practitioner.  Welcome Payment of **** payable after 6 months satisfactory service.  Up to **** relocation expenses available to Social Workers who at the time of appointment are living over **** miles from their new work base, and move significantly nearer to their new work base. Money can be used as a rent subsidy or in order to assist with the bills associated with purchasing new property e.g. legal fees, estate agent fees. Leaflets available on request.  Minimum 30 days paid annual leave per year, excluding Bank Holidays  You may be eligible for a brand new Peugeot or Toyota through our lease car scheme, eligibility for a car is based on the annual average business mileage you undertake. The package covers insurance, servicing, breakdown and road tax. The successful applicants must be a qualified social worker, HCPC registered, have a current CRB and at least 3 years post qualification experience. Supervisory experience within Children services is a huge advantage Please email CVs The Synergy Group is an equal opportunities employer. For more opportunities, please visit www.synergygroup.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ConsultantSocialWorkerSafeguardingHertford_job****