Title: Band 6 Sister/Charge Nurse  Palliative Care/Hospice  Central London
Webindex: 68310087
Company: Medic International
Description: Our client is a major provider of independent healthcare based in Central London; we are seeking a motivated, experienced (Band 6) Sister/Charge Nurse to join their Hospice/Palliative Care. This unit offers comprehensive specialist palliative care to a wide variety of patients with cancer, HIV and other life limiting illnesses. This centre of excellent offers a high standard of Palliative nursing care, within pleasant and comfortable surroundings. Successful applicants will enjoy career development and support from a strong management team, the opportunity to work alongside expert consultants and a multi disciplinary team of other healthcare specialists, access to a dedicated professional and personal development program and experience within a highly professional working environment. The benefits of working for this company include: •Flexible working conditions •Pension (including continuing the NHS Pension Scheme if eligible) •Season Ticket Loan Duties of the post •Supporting the Nurse Manager, taking a leadership role in developing, promoting & providing a robust clinical service, including provision for infusions and transfusions •Working with people with Cancer, HIV and other life limiting illnesses •Having a ?hands on? approach to all aspects of supportive care in the day to day management of the service •The development and provision of individual and group approaches and initiatives. A full job description is available upon request. Person requirements •Registered Nurse with full NMC Registration (not requiring a period of supervised placement to complete NMC Registration) •Two years Hospice/Palliative Care experience at Staff nurse level. •In possession of, or working towards a recognised post graduate qualification in Palliative Care/Hospice Nursing •Exceptional clinical, organisational and communication skills. •Permission to undertake employment (not subject to ?workpermit? sponsorship)