Title: Nurses Day & Nights  (HCC****)
Webindex: 69554220
Company: Hampshire County Council
Description: We know that to deliver the best for our patients, we need to deliver the kind of experience and environment that will attract the best talent to work with us. Which is why we offer our nursing staff highquality support alongside genuine decisionmaking responsibility and rewards that are market competitive. Our homes are places where talented nurses can take responsibility for the ‘whole resident experience’ and dedicate their time to improving the quality of life for both their residents and their resident’s families. It means that in addition to providing focused medical care there are many other opportunities to develop your expertise across the delivery of every element of resident care, and to identify, promote and implement developments in clinical practice and nursing care services, whilst creating a home environment. With daytoday decisionmaking and responsibility for service improvements firmly in your hands, as well as active support for professional development, these roles represent a real opportunity for the right people to develop their careers at the same time as achieving excellence in all aspects of care for older people. To make that happen, you’ll need to be a RGN or RMN and bring with you a good knowledge and understanding of elderly care, rehabilitation and the Health and Social Care agenda. Your experience will cover a general range of nursing and the care of older people, and you will be committed to involving residents and their families in every aspect of planning and evaluating their care. With that kind of background, you’ll be the kind of person who will make a great addition to any of our teams. Job purpose: To manage, direct and evaluate a high standard of nursing care for a designated number of residents in a social care setting. To maintain and develop relevant skills, specialist knowledge and competencies to care for Older People and / or Older People with Mental Health problems. To contribute significantly toward the continuing development of professional nursing practice in the unit. To act as a mentor and role model to others, reflecting a holistic and person centred approach to professional nursing practice and resident care. Progression in this post is to deputise for the Senior Nurse and to assist in the supervision of staff. Essential qualifications: •It is essential that you are a Registered General Nurse or Registered Mental Nurse (RGN or RMN)