Title: Marketing Team Administrative Assistant  Bucks  6 month contract
Webindex: 68285826
Company: Evolve Selection Limited
Description: Our client is a world leading pharmaceutical company with an excellent track record working within the neurosciences market. Our client currently has a very exciting opportunity for an Marketing Team Administrative Assistant to join their team in Buckinghamshire. The Role: Reporting to the Senior Marketing Director; the Marketing Team Administrative Assistant should provide a highly efficient and confidential administrative support to the Neurosciences EAME Marketing Team. The individual will also be expected to provide some logisitical support around the coordination of key congresses; meetings; exhibitions other marketing activities in support of the Neurosciences business. Key Duties and Responsibilities: To provide a administrative support including: Control of Senior Managers calendars  overall support for Marketing Directors and the Regional Training Manager including meeting requests. Arranging internal external meetings. Travel arrangements and itineraries for Marketing Directors and above. Screen queries and calls internally and externally and handle / refer to others. Complete expenses for Marketing Directors. Track Neurosciences team expenses as they relate to customer entertainment. Preparation of presentations and internal / external correspondence including reports/charts as required. Complete neccessary paperwork for new starters to the team to ensure all equipment and ID s are ordered for them prior to their start date. SetUp induction requirements for new starters into the team to ensure they get up to speed as quickly as possible. Keeping accurate attendance for the team and passing to the HR team on a weekly basis. Provide logistical arrangements for Key Internal External Team Events Help build a performance culture within Neurosciences: Introduce small; spontaneous; fun events during the year that recognise accomplishments and a the need for teamwork. Required Competencies: Excellent organisational; coordination and communication skills Confidential Flexible and adaptable Team player Reliability; accuracy and precision Dynamism and ease working under pressure in rapidly changing environment Comfortable with working to tight and changing deadlines Interpersonal skills in communicating and dealing with all levels of organization in a multi cultural environment High work ethic standards and discretion Excellent PC skills in MS Office environment (working knowledge of SAP an advantage) Fluent English  other languages will be an added advantage Desired Competencies: Flexible can do attitude needed to thrive in a fast growing company. IT literate with strong analytical skills A current driving licence with no more than **** points. GCSE Level or equivalent including Maths and English Min 5 years administrative or secretarial experience of working in a fast moving international company in multi country / multicultural complex organisation with a flexible team environment at Snr Manager/Director level. Recruitment Process: **** stage process Package: Up to ****;**** plus excellent bonus and benefits