Title: Deputy Manager Child Protection
Webindex: 47920380
Description: Deputy Manager  Child Protection  South Yorkshire A Deputy Manager is required to join a Child Protection team in the South Yorkshire region. Working within the Children and Families, this Team Manager will have the following responsibilities:  To manage and supervise a team of social workers and associated staff.  To manage team workload in line with eligibility criteria, departmental policies and procedures and report on same.  To monitor, evaluate and develop the service provided by the team, ensuring the service is in line with departmental policy, standards, practise and priorities.  To initiate and chair inter agency meetings, in respect of particular clients and monitor performance of agreed tasks for all participants.  To ensure that all electronic record keeping is maintained in line with good practise and departmental standards.  To ensure financial and non financial performance indicators are met and monitored.  To ensure regular supervision is undertaken with staff and is recorded. To undertake staff induction, ensure that development appraisals are undertaken in line with council and departmental procedure and policies.  To remain abreast of changes in legislation, regulation and policy that could impact on the client group and develop flexible and clear responses and policies to cover the new situations.  To attend court with staff where required and to ensure that the council is professionally represented within the court process, ensuring that court directions are met and care Plans adhered to.  To ensue that Permanency plans are prioritised within the team including initiating care Proceedings as required. The successful Deputy Manager will need to hold a DipSW or equivalent. Candidates will need to be GSCC registered and hold a current CRB. To discuss this role or any other jobs in the South Yorkshire region or in Management please contact Emma Bjelan at The Synergy Group on **** **** or email your CV to emma.bjelansynergygroup.co.uk Working with The Synergy Group offers:  Access to a broad selection of Social Work vacancies in the UK  The choice of PAYE or limited company schemes  Access to training courses free of charge  Weekly payroll service  Excellent rates of pay  Bonuses for referring social workers  Personal and honest service from a consultant with over 6 years social care experience The Synergy Group is a specialist recruiter of Social Work and Public Sector jobs, to view a full selection of our current vacancies please visit www.synergygroup.co.uk The Synergy Group is an equal opportunities employer. For more opportunities, please visit www.synergygroup.co.uk