Title: Registered Home Manager  Gloucester
Webindex: 70264236
Company: First City Nursing
Description: Key Responsibilities • To take full responsibility for the effective operation and delivery of the business plan for the home, in conjunction with the Business Manager. • To take full responsibility for ensuring high standards of professional practice which meet the physical, emotional, social, intellectual and spiritual needs of the service users. • When applicable take responsibility for the selection, recruitment, induction and training and regular appraisal of all staff in the Home. • Full responsibility for the daytoday management of the Home to the CQC and expected group standards. • To engender an atmosphere of cooperation and positivity within the Home dealing with Residents, colleagues and suppliers with courtesy and respect at all times. • To liaise effectively with staff to ensure transfer of information within the Home. • To ensure that all staff receive regular supervision, training and any support necessary to facilitate their role. • To ensure that all staff have contracts, references, POVA checks, CRB checks and work permits (where required), in advance of employment. • To ensure that an effective staff rota is in place at all times • To handle staff disciplinary issues, where required. • To ensure that all staff on night duty are fulfilling their roles and responsibilities and to carry our regular checks as required. • To monitor CQC standards and ensure effective delivery of quality of care within the Home and to liaise effectively with CQC inspectors. • To ensure that staffing is managed in accordance with the budgeted rates of pay and hours (any changes to this budget must be preapproved by the Business Manager). • To provide relevant information to prospective service users; to make appointments and conduct effective show rounds. • To arrange trial visits and conduct assessments. • To develop and keep up to date a care plans which deliver a satisfactory quality of life for all Residents. • To negotiate the fee, within agreed parameters, appropriate to the care required; to ensure that residents pay their fees on time and to assist with the collection of any debts which may arise. • To ensure that each Resident has a contract and receives the Statement of Purpose. • To support service users in taking decisions which affect their own lifestyle. • To report any complaints from Residents or relatives and provide remedial action. • To complete the weekly Manager’s report in its entirety, accurately and on time. • To work within agreed limits of authority for purchases and expenditure. • To ensure that the premises are at a high physical standard, fit for purpose and meet all legislative requirements at all times • To maintain systems up to date at all times and to maintain contact information for marketing purposes. • To implement marketing initiatives as required and to establish close positive links with the community including, social workers, doctors, etc. • To attend meetings and to assist in forming company policy as requested. Job Context To liaise with the Business Manager and central office staff to ensure the effective operation of the Home. Key Challenges To manage the day to day running of the Home, ensuring that the company’s values of trust, respect and care are always maintained. Core Values • Care and compassion. • Respect and appreciation. • Teamwork and enjoyment. • Focus and best practice. • Honesty and integrity. • Recognition and reward. • Creativity and innovation. • Development and investment. • We will sustainably fulfill our mission and vision by building a strong financial platform. Key Measures • To attend company training and up date own practice as required. • Providing an environment that residents, their families, staff and our communities are proud of. • Sustainably fulfill the company’s Mission and Vision by building a strong financial platform. Person Specification Strong managerial skills. Reliable and punctual. Excellent organisational and practical skills. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Good numeracy and literacy skills. Excellent personal hygiene. Experience in care of the elderly. Professional, understanding, and patient with a warm personality. Demonstrates a caring disposition towards others. Team player, willing to train and develop colleagues. Work well under pressure. Ability to perform at the highest level in a trouble shooting manner.