Title: Nursing Home Manager  RN, Hampshire  Winchester
Webindex: 70016292
Company: Populus Healthcare
Description: Nursing Home Manager  Winchester / Eastleigh, Hampshire  RGN,RMN, RN  Salary circa ****k  ****k. FANTASTIC NEW HOME MANAGER JOB A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a strong Registered Manager to join a medium sized nursing home in the Winchester / Eastleigh area of Hampshire. This fantastic nursing home caters for elderly frail and dementia sufferers. It is a newly opened home which is one of the premier homes in the area and is renowned for providing excellent care. The home provides a wide variety of leisure, social and recreational activities and has an excellent atmosphere within the home. It has fantastic facilities, excellent gardens and rooms and has a good CQC rating. Successful candidates will work within a management position and oversee the care of elderly clients and residents suffering from Alzheimer`s / dementia. Candidates should currently be working in a Home Manager and must have strong clinical skills. The successful applicant will be involved in a wide range of management related tasks including ensuring CQC regulations are met, ensuring quality care is delivered at all times, safeguarding the wellbeing of all service users, staff / nurse management, liaise with family members and external stakeholders. Via use of excellent clinical skills you will ensure that the care, health and safety of all residents is assessed and delivered to the best possible standards. My client seeks a personable, friendly and caring Manager with a stable background and strong knowledge of elderly care. You will manage a clinical team of nurses and help to ensure that the care delivered to service users continues to be delivered in an excellent fashion. This home has an excellent reputation for care in the local area and the organisation are eager to ensure this is maintained. You will join a caring, compassionate organisation whose primary aim is to ensure a high standard of life for all service users. The successful candidate will be: • Hold RGN nursing qualification • Strong dementia knowledge • General management experience • Knowledge of quality standards • CQC legislation knowledge • Ability to manage multiple priorities effectively • Strong planning and organisational skills • Good communication skills