Title: LAB ANALYST TEAM LEADER (MICROBIOLOGY)
Webindex: 69933674
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Microbiology, Analytical Services, UKAS, AQC, Water treatment, Water quality) LAB ANALYST TEAM LEADER (MICROBIOLOGY)  12 MONTH FTC Location: CHURCH WILNE, NOTTINGHAM Salary: ****  **** company performance related bonus Are you looking to develop and improve within a professional and successful FTSE 100 company? We are currently recruiting for an LAB ANALYST TEAM LEADER to ensure that all testing in the laboratory is undertaken in compliance with the regulatory obligations to monitor drinking water quality and to react to quality failures, incidents and events. The LAB ANALYST TEAM LEADER is responsible for: Ensuring that the laboratory is run in compliance with UKAS accreditation Ensuring that the laboratory is always adequately stocked with lab consumables and undertake ordering in a timely manner Ensuring all AQC records are maintained perfectly Identifying and investigating any AQC breaches Working in the lab to cover team absences due to annual leave/sickness etc. Training new lab analysts Ensuring that External Quality Control testing is undertaken Leading the team effectively offering support and encouragement and ensuring a good team dynamic Providing telephone support for lab standby over the weekend/out of hours Ensuring that the lab analysts adhere to UKAS accredited procedures Ensuring that the laboratory is always adequately stocked with lab consumables and undertake ordering in a timely manner Ensuring that laboratory equipment is fit for purpose and troubleshoot when problems arise The LAB ANALYST TEAM LEADER will have experience of: Extensive experience of working in a microbiology/ food/ environmental/ hospital type laboratory  preferably, a UKAS accredited laboratory. A basic understanding of water treatment and quality Proven team leading / line management experience Qualifications Essential: Minimum Qualification in microbiology or biological subject at NVQ Level 3 or equivalent Full and valid driving licenceDesirable Biological degree or equivalent level of qualification. About Our Client Severn Trent Water serves over eight million customers across the heart of the UK, stretching from the Bristol Channel to the Humber and from midWales to the East Midlands. As a FTSE 100 company, they can offer a wide range of career opportunities and attractive benefits. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us