Title: Feasibility Manager
Webindex: 69689660
Company: Barrington James Ltd
Description: My client is looking for a Feasibility Manager to join them Permanently on a home based basis. The focus of this role will include; Review of enquiries, conduct of feasibility and submission of high quality UK and International proposals, including costs, in a timely manner. Professional client liaison and interaction with Business Development to secure contracts. Effective handover to Projects team and Operations. Responsibilities Central point of contact for coordination and conduct of feasibility assessments utilising wide source of data (including but not limited to prediction of source of patients, rate of recruitment, predicted prescreen and screen fail rates) Close liaison between business development, country heads, medical experts, finance team, patient procurement and project management and planning teams Analysis of past performance, epidemiology and database data to produce accurate, robust and timely feasibility Production of UK and Global study costings, using costing model. Timely production of high quality, customer focussed proposals Work with International Contracts Manager to ensure that Confidentiality Agreements are reviewed and signed in a timely manner, and Feasibility/Contracts Coordinator to ensure entry on to database and appropriate storage. For awarded studies, review the final protocol and produce the final costs for the International Contracts Manager for negotiation with Client and appropriate Service Provider Contracts, as required. Review of costs within the final contract to ensure correct translation between costing model and contract. Lead concise, timely and accurate handover of studies as part of a multidisciplinary team (BD, Finance, Contracts, Projects). Lead the Feasibility Team, ensuring that appropriate training is provided as required. Responsible for communicating and implementing business objectives for Client Services within the Feasibility Team. To find out more about this role please James Greenfield on **** **** or email jgreenfieldbarringtonjames.com