Title: Chemist
Webindex: 69010769
Company: SRG Science
Description: An established Environmental Management company have an interesting opportunity to join the team in their Hazardous Waste department. As a Chemist, you will receive, process and despatch incoming wastes in an approved manner whilst ensuring that Health and Safety measures and regulatory requirements are observed at all times. Key responsibilities will include: Analysis of samples according to company procedures, either on site or at other facilities. Ensure security of waste entering the facility and disposal line. Working alongside other teams to provide integrated waste solutions. Maintaining documentation and inspecting loads. Ensuring that Health and Safety measures are observed at all times. Developing operating procedures and encouraging continuous improvement of all processes. Controlling stock levels and regular inventory checks. Ensuring high levels of housekeeping. Monitoring and controlling processes to ensure that operational needs are met. Respond to sales enquiries in a timely manner and ensuring work is carried out within agreed timescales. Oversee contractors and visited to the hazardous waste facility. Manual handling. The ideal candidate will be educated to HNC level or equivalent in Chemistry or a related subject. Experience of working within a laboratory analysing environmental or waste samples would be a significant advantage. Due to the high levels of documentation, candidates must be computer literate with an attention to detail. Applicants must also be prepared to work outside in all weathers. Please note, a clean driving licence is an essential requirement for this position. The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove they are legally entitled to work in the UK. SRG is a trading name of Science Recruitment Group Ltd an Employment Business/Agency. SRG, winners of the Recruitment Professional Awards 2011 Best Company to work for and Best People Development Business awards, and the only highly commended company in the Annual Recruiter Awards for Excellence 2011, for Best Small Recruitment Agency to Work For