Title: Specialist Physiotherapist (Band 6)
Webindex: 67394788
Company: Castlerock Recruitment Group
Description: Specialist Physiotherapist (Band 6) required for locum post in Pirbright, Surrey. The following qualifications and experience are required: BSc or Grad Dip in Physiotherapy. Minimum 4 years postgraduate clinical experience. Must have relevant experience in the assessment and treatment of musculoskeletal disorders, sports injuries, orthopaedic conditions, mobilisation and manipulation. Preferably to have experience with working in a Service environment. Provide timely and effective physiotherapy/rehabilitation service for patients referred from the region and catchment area using a multidisciplinary concept. The Senior Physiotherapist is accountable to the Clinical Specialist and/or OC RRU. Responsible for the clinical management of patients who have been referred for rehabilitation and/or are attending for rehabilitation courses within the RRU. Ensure the provision of a comprehensive and professional physiotherapy/rehabilitation service for entitled personnel. Liaise with local primary care practitioners on physiotherapy and rehabilitation matters.Deliver rehabilitation to single service standards and physiotherapy core standards. Provide the clinical lead for the inpatient rehab courses. Provide further treatment as required to all patients undergoing residential rehabilitation. Liaison with the Exercise Rehabilitation Instructor with regards to the development of an individual patient goal led rehab plan. Advise the Exercise Rehabilitation Instructor with regards to the selection of the appropriate type, level and intensity of specific rehabilitation exercise. Undertake the assessment, diagnosis, management and/or treatment of entitled personnel through the medical referral system. Essential Requirements: You must have a recognised degree or diploma in physiotherapy and a minimum of 4 years postgraduate experience in Musculoskeletal Disorders and must have previously held a position as a specialist Physiotherapist Band 6 or equivalent. You must be registered with the Health Professions Council. Desirable: Previous experience of working with the MOD Previous experience in the use of Defence Medical Information Capability Programme (DMCP) European Computer Driving Licence (ECDL) Benefits include: Excellent pay rates Prompt weekly payments Free Mandatory and Induction training Introduction Bonuses up to **** Call or email Marie Cleave, Phone Email For experienced, friendly and efficient service.