Title: Res Care Home Mgrs National Group UK Var Locs ****k  Birmingham
Webindex: 71802926
Company: Kare Plus Agencies Limited
Description: Residential Care Home Manager MUST be experienced and RGN/RMN/RMA TASK AREA SPECIFIC DUTIES PROFESSIONAL Comply with all company policies and procedures, regulations and statute to ensure the highest possible regulatory rating. Maintain sound working relationships with regulators, GPs associated with the Home and other appropriate outside agencies. Engage with all stakeholders including residents, relatives, employees, visitors and the local community. Promote health and safety in the work place, assure a safe environment for employees, residents and visitors, complying will all company health and safety policy requirements. Investigate accidents and incidents, taking any appropriate action, reporting and recording. Ensure that a systematic and individualised approach to resident care is delivered in accordance with the Care Services Manual and that appropriate documentation is completed and retained. Develop, promote and maintain defined standards of care, implementing improvements in accordance with evidencebased practice. Ensure the safe management of medicines in accordance with company Care Services policies, legislation and the NMC guidelines. Use Estates contracts as directed. Keep the Regional Manager informed promptly of all significant matters relating to the Home. ORGANISATIONAL Assume twentyfour/seven accountability for the Home, delegating as appropriate when not personally on site. Liaise with all departmental heads on a regular and frequent basis to ensure that desired standards are maintained at all times. Visit all areas of operation in the Home at frequent and regular intervals, demonstrating personal visibility and availability, including night and weekend visits. Approve or monitor all staff duty rotas to ensure compliance with required staffing levels and company policy. Ensure that all documentation associated with the Home is stored correctly and accessed only by those authorised. Ensure that local and company policies are implemented for the security and safety of residents’ possessions. Monitor the physical maintenance of the Home, liaising with the Regional Manager as necessary for recommendations for expenditure. Ensure that local external services are of an appropriate standard and quality, comply with company policy e.g. sole traders, and are within budget. Ensure that activities are delivered to reflect residents’ wishes, as agreed with the RM. Ensure the security of the premises at all times, liaising with local police as necessary. PERSONNEL Undertake workforce planning to anticipate staff turnover, maternity leave, occupancy or service changes. Comply with the Personnel Manual in all respects, particularly: a) Selection and appointment of staff in accordance with statutory and regulatory constraints. b) Staff induction, training, supervision and appraisal. c) Monitor absence and intervene as required to assure satisfactory levels of attendance. d) Coordinate all annual leave requests and authorisation. e) Ensure that staff are well presented at all times in accordance with the uniform policy and dress code. Conduct investigations and meetings under company procedures as required. ADMINISTRATIVE Ensure the management of the reception and admission of residents. Continually assess the needs of service users in line with contracts and service specifications and promptly report and investigate complaints from any party. Ensure that all mandatory training is undertaken, particularly fire training, and that weekly alarm checks are undertaken and recorded. Take responsibility for checking the Patient Diary regularly, and for its accuracy at all times. MARKETING Analyse and discuss with the RM any departure from expected and budgeted occupancy levels. Take all agreed actions to fill vacant beds and ensure highest levels of occupancy. Ensure that the Home is well promoted in the local community. Ensure that any positive events concerning the Home are advertised to increase public awareness. Maintain contacts list and follow up all enquiries from potential residents. Ensure that all enquiries are managed in accordance with company policy, that all documentation associated with the resident enquiry process is completed fully and accurately. FINANCIAL Manage financial affairs of the Home in accordance with company policies and regulatory requirements. Manage the Home in line with budget, or seek approval before any departure from budget assumptions occurs. Maintain fees in line with agreed pricing strategy Address and resolve issues highlighted by the RSA or others. Ensure that all invoices submitted for payment have been checked for accuracy and authorised, and that payroll hours are checked and authorised.