Title: Support Worker Salford
Webindex: 64805854
Description: Job purpose: To provide a high quality House/Service to the people we support. Experience: At least one of the following applies; Learning disabilities, Dementia, Acquired brain injury (ABI), Autism. Accountable to: Service Manager or Team Leader. Responsibilities: Provide support, advocacy and information to the individuals we support. Provide emotional and practical support to service users. Help service users meet their personal care needs sensitively and appropriately to a high standard, including personal hygiene, assistance with laundry, and preparing meals and drinks. Supporting service users to take any prescribed medicine, complying with all medicine policies, including storage, administering and record keeping. Enable service users to achieve independence as far as possible in all areas of their life by providing appropriate information, opportunity, training, counselling and support. Help service users to identify and choose their support needs. Assist in devising, implementing and reviewing care plans. Provide a safe, comfortable and supportive home for the individuals we support. Support service users to actively contribute to the running of their own house. Participate in rotas, which may include day, evening, weekend and Bank Holiday working and sleepingin duties at night. Assist in health and safety assessments, follow health and safety procedures and participate in fire drills and audits. Report any maintenance and repair tasks in the house, to the Service Manager/Team Leader Provide First Aid services at the house / service when necessary and if trained to do so. Assist the individuals we support to present themselves as valued members of the local community. Create opportunities for social and leisure activities with service users. Introduce service users to a range of facilities and amenities in the local neighbourhood and wider community. Ensure that the rights of the people we support are always protected and respected. Ensure that each individual is supported as far as possible to exercise their rights in the following areas: Privacy, choice, participation in decision making affecting their lives, expression of their own cultural identity, entitlement to service, feedback on the service they receive and the right to complain, protection of their property, maintaining links with family and friends. Liaise with other professionals on behalf of the individuals we support. Maintain contact with a wide range of outside professionals, e.g. general practitioners, dentists, and therapists etc. Liaise with Day Service providers. Keep records and participate in administrative tasks. Assist in writing, receiving and updating of individual care plans in conjunction with the Service Manager/Team Leader. Assist and participate in the wide range of administrative tasks necessary for the smooth running of the house/service. Follow all of the company's financial procedures. Participate in the opportunities provided for training and development. Participate in regular supervision to: receive support, increase knowledge, identify training needs, evaluate work performance, aid and assess professional development. Participate in an annual appraisal coordinated by your line manager. Attend staff development programmes, training courses, seminars and workshops as required. Work within, and promote, the policies and procedures of Kare Plus. Follow the policies and procedures outlined in the Company Procedures Manual Maintain confidentiality about service users, staff and the Company as a whole. Promote equality of opportunity and a respect for diversity. Be an active member of the House/Service team. Help cover the work of the team, during absence, vacancies, or when a colleague is under pressure. Liaise and coordinate with other team members to provide a cohesive, high quality service. Participate in and contribute to team meetings. Share with other team member’s previous experience, skills and knowledge, which may be relevant to the team in providing its service. Be supportive, respectful and empathic to service users, colleagues and visitors. Any other duties. Undertake any duties consistent with the overall purpose of the post as directed by the Locality Manager or House Manager, Team Leader or Service Manager.