Title: Relief Home Manager
Webindex: 68285765
Company: Phoenix Medical Recruitment Limited
Description: Job Purpose: The job role exists to provide hands on support and expertise to homes which face particular challenges within the region. To maintain the continuity and momentum of a home during the absence of a Home Manager, or during times of heightened challenges. The position holder will be part of the regional team, and will liaise closely with the Regional Managers. The role may require travel and periods away from home. Accountabilities: Provide leadership and management of homes, where there is a home manager vacancy or to provide additional management support in homes where there are vacancies within the home management team or the home is facing additional pressures. To identify areas for improvement within the home and to effectively manage and implement change by working with the local home management team and by providing leadership and inspiration to all groups of staff. To provide operational support to assist the Regional Managers in managing peaks and troughs of operational demand at home level and within the Portfolio. Ensure requirements identified by CQC, external regulators, internal audits and the Regional Manager are actioned and implemented. To have knowledge of, and participate in, the financial viability of our homes, maximising occupancy levels through market place analysis and ensuring that worked hours are flexed in line with occupancy and that agency and sickness usage is kept to a minimum. To build effective relationships with key stake holders, attending meetings with, or on behalf of, the Regional Manager as necessary. To be an expert in managing people issues, including handling conflict and managing complex investigation and disciplinary processes. To participate in the process of recruitment, retention and development of staff and ensure the delivery of a quality service for residents. To take responsibility for these areas in the absence of the Home Manager. To act as a mentor to new Home Managers as requested, and to provide support with their development To utilise all necessary support teams to assist with delivering improvements within a home. To undertake ad hoc projects as required to further develop our business. Qualifications, Training and Skills: Home Manager experience or equivalent management experience gained in a care setting. Ideally experience gained within a care home, including experience of managing both multisite and lifestyle homes. Experience of more than one care setting, e.g. residential, nursing and dementia. A nursing qualification is desirable. Experience of successfully overcoming marketing, people and quality challenges. Proficiency at computer systems e.g. Word, Excel etc. Judgement Skills: The post holder is expected to work within the legal and regulatory environment for care homes, and Company policies and procedures Decisions will be taken mainly within this legal and regulatory framework. There is limited scope for working outside of this. The post holder will work with the team to ensure that all care and work is integrated across other relevant functions and vice versa. Specific role based and other broad objectives will be set and reviewed by the Regional Manager annually. Freedom to Act: The post holder will be supported by a Regional Manager in addition to central support functions; it is essential that the post holder is self motivated and can work with little guidance on a day to day basis. Dimensions: To work within defined budget parameters as detailed by the business and influence pragmatic solutions to improve quality that is achievable within the care home budget This job description is intended to give the post holder an appreciation of the role envisaged and the range of duties. However, it is not exhaustive and may be reviewed from time to time. Environment: All staff should be aware of the overall objectives of the Care Home, namely that the residents are encouraged to maintain independence and choice in a homely environment which promotes customer excellence. The environment is a Care Home shared with an office based role with travel expected to attend other Care Homes and periods away from home. Out of hours visits may be required to fulfil the development duties of the post. The interview process will be twostage at mutual convenience.