Title: Mental Health Recovery Worker
Webindex: 68450139
Company: Rethink
Description: Are you looking for an exciting new and rewarding role in mental health? Rethink Mental Illness is a charity that believes a better life is possible for millions of people affected by mental illness. For 40 years we have brought people together to support each other. We run services and support groups across England that change people’s lives and we challenge attitudes about mental illness. The West Dorset Recovery House based in Weymouth, heralds a new generation in acute mental health support. The service will deliver a recovery approach to service users on a very short term basis as an alternative to hospital admission. Working in partnership with Crisis Resolution and Home Treatment Teams and CMHT’s, our services will be recoveryfocussed, offering effective interventions that resolve the immediate crisis, and also help people to develop coping skills through personcentred crisis contingency and relapse prevention planning e.g. Wellness Recovery Action Plans (WRAP) and peer support groups. You would be joining a dynamic new team whose roles will be fast paced and challenging at times. This will be rewarded with the opportunity to develop and shape this innovative project. The post holders will provide support and information to service users. The successful candidates will work as part of a team, with service users, focusing on the expressed needs of the service user and providing support to promote the individual’s independence and recovery. They will support the service user in recovery by achieving their goals/needs through implementing and evaluating individual support plans that have been developed by the service user and care coordinator, advanced practitioner or personal adviser. To be considered for the role you must have experience of providing support to people with a severe mental illness or providing care and support in a social care setting. You will also have sound understanding of the roles, responsibilities, referral pathways and structures of all agencies involved in responding to crisis resolution and home treatment. The ideal candidates will be educated to NVQ Level 3 in Health Social Care or Certificate in Community Mental Healthcare. Interviews will be held week commencing 18th February 2013.