Title: Assistant Manager  West Yorkshire
Webindex: 72439824
Company: Inspired Selections Ltd
Description: Job Description: Inspired Selections  Assistant Manager Ful Time  West Yorkshire An Assistant Manager at this company supports the Branch Manager in developing the branch team, ensuring branch standards are at their highest and customer service exceeds all expectations in order to maximise the profitability of the branch. The size of the branch will determine how varied your role as an Assistant Manager will be  but there's one thing that's guaranteed  this first step into management will be your first step on a successful career path. Requirements for the role. For this role you must be a fully qualified Dispensing Optician with a friendly but professional approach to your carrer. Your Career As with Branch Managers, some Assistant Branch Managers may be clinically qualified as a Dispensing Optician. However this isn't essential. Because the company are committed to your development, if this is an option you wish to pursue, we may be able to support your training to become a qualified Dispensing Optician. Assistant Branch Managers have tailored individual career plans designed to match their career aspirations. Through the Personal Development Review (PDR) this compnay will help you achieve your goals. Your Benefits You can expect to enjoy a wide range of excellent benefits. Here is a flavour: Competitive salary (relating to size of branch) Team incentive Excellent working environment NVQ Training/Management Training Colleague discount scheme Company pension scheme Company sick pay Life Assurance Generous 2225 days holiday (increasing with service) Private Health Care (if a Dispensing Optician) GOC fees paid (if a Dispensing Optician) Your Training Your induction into this role will involve you spending quality onetoone coaching time with your Branch Manager. This company offer a structured and detailed training programme for all Assistant Managers. It has been designed to further your management skills and prepare you for a Branch Manager role. The duration of the programme is 6 months, however this may vary according to your personal development needs. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssistantManagerWestYorkshire_job****