Title: Social Worker | Older People | South West
Webindex: 72683785
Description: Social Worker | Older People | South West My client is looking for a Qualified Social Worker with previous experience working with Older Persons Team in Dorset. You will enjoy this highly rewarding role with a manageable case load reviewed regularly by management. Due to the nature of this post, we can only accept applications from candidates with 2 years post qualifying social work experience within a similar role. The successful social worker will have experience of  Managing a varied case load of service users over ****  Case Reviews  Compiling care plans  Liaising with the clients and medical staff to evaluate the individuals needs and ultimately coordinate an appropriate care packages for discharge  Safeguarding  Mental Capacity Assessments Benefits of the role  Supportive managers  Experienced team  Positive working environment  Pleasant geographical area  Access to 'My Liquid Rewards' discount scheme You MUST have  A social work degree (or equivalent social work qualification)  Registration as a social worker with the HCPC  At least 2 years' postqualifying social work experience in the UK  Eligibility to work in the UK  You must also be a car driver About Liquid Personnel Liquid Personnel is a specialist social work recruitment consultancy, supplying candidates for social work jobs throughout the UK. You will benefit from  Your own dedicated consultant, offering a personal, tailormade service.  Bespoke job searches to match your skills and requirements.  Experienced consultants with an indepth knowledge of the social work sector.  A wide range of social work jobs covering Local Authorities, NHS Trusts, Charities, Fostering Agencies, and more.  Extra earnings potential, with referral bonuses of up to ****  Access to exclusive discounts and savings via 'My Liquid Rewards'. Liquid Personnel Limited is acting as an employment business in relation to this vacancy Visit www.liquidpersonnel.com for more information. Liquid Personnel  It's who we know that matters.