Title: Qualified Social Workers  Work for a truly different agency
Webindex: 72448596
Company: Just Social Care
Description: We are a small, boutique Qualified Social Work agency, who specialise in working with very experienced Social Workers in the South East. We are different to other, larger agencies in the way that we work, we don’t work with masses of candidates and clients, we tend to work with a smaller group of experienced candidates who stay with us from contract to contract. We have a much more personal feel than the big blue chip Social Care agencies, and we pride ourselves on our way of working. We are a candidatecentred agency, and all of our work revolves around being candidatefocused. We will always take your calls, and we wont try and push you into a position that isn’t suitable for you. We’ll be realistic and upfront about pay rates, we’ll tell you honestly if we don’t think we’ll be able to find you something and we wont ever send your CV to anyone without gaining your express permission. We will work with you to build a professional, expertly formatted CV, which you are free to keep a copy of, and we will take your last 2 years references for you. We will always meet every candidate we place face to face, whether it’s for a coffee in the morning or a nice lunch somewhere, and we will provide you with a direct line number for the consultant you are assigned to. We believe in building long term relationships, we want you to not want to leave us We cant offer you huge cash incentives or massive referral bonuses like the Social Care giants can, but we can offer an honest, up front, personal service which we believe is the best in the industry ( 90% of our candidates come to us through referrals and recommendations). You may not have heard of us before, but once you’ve worked with us we think you’ll agree. If you can meet our minimum criteria (2 years post qualification experience in a qualified role on a statutory team in the UK, HCPC registration, a Social Work qualification, a driving licence with your own transport and excellent references) then we would love to work with you. We don’t work with newly qualified candidates because we don’t believe it is fair to place them into locum positions that need somebody to hit the ground running with minimal training (we’ve seen many a newly qualified Social Worker ruined by this practice). We work across the board in terms of qualified work, but the bulk of the work we tend to have is in Child Protection, Adults (****), Older Persons and Mental Health. We also have LAC, Fostering / Adoption, CAMHS and sometimes Leaving Care contracts available. We work with QSW's, Senior Practitioners, Team Managers and Service Managers. So If you think we sound like the kind of agency you want to work with and you meet our minimum criteria, apply to this job now and we’ll call you straight away (within office hours) Don’t worry too much about the content / format of your CV, as we’ll be creating a new one for you, so don’t spend hours updating it before you apply We’re looking forward to hearing from you This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QualifiedSocialWorkersWorkforatrulydifferentagency_job****