Title: Mental Health Pharmacist Band 7 Cheshire
Webindex: 46629484
Description: PULSE Staffing has an opportunity available in Cheshire for a Band 7 Mental Health Pharmacist. This is a great chance for an experienced Pharmacist to join an exceptional busy team and work in a highly competitive area of Cheshire. As a GPHC registered Pharmacist you will be providing an efficient and competent clinical service to patients, and integrate within a wellorganised and professional hospital team. We are looking for a competent Pharmacist with an enthusiastic and flexible attitude, to work closely with staff members and patients to help and advise on medicines and dosage. The successful candidate must have Mental Health Experience and will be covering Clinical Duties, based on Medical/General Surgical Wards and the caseload will include providing a clinical service and also screening/checking prescriptions. The ideal candidate will have previous hospital experience and excellent clinical knowledge. This is a longterm assignment, available immediately, Full Time Monday  Friday ****with excellent rates payable. All applicants should be flexible, have excellent communication skills and recent UK Hospital experience. In return, PULSE can offer:  Excellent rates of pay  Pulse Privilege, Employee Benefits package  Various employment opportunities in your preferred geographical area  Flexible hours to meet your needs, part or full time  Free Mandatory Training  Reimbursed Criminal Record Bureau Disclosures  Recommend a Friend bonus scheme  Support and advice from an approachable, dedicated and friendly team To find out more about the opportunities available, contact our Pharmacy team today. Our client database consists of:  National Health Service & Primary Care Trusts  Private Hospitals  HM Prison Service Pulse Staffing is a NHS approved agency  Terms and Conditions apply  Please call for more information on the benefit scheme To join PULSE for this and other opportunities, please apply now.