Title: RMN / RGN Nursing Home Manager
Webindex: 46637576
Description: Nurse Manager  Nursing Home  Chester Job Title: Nurse Manager (Nursing Home) Location: Chester Salary: Up to **** The Role: As the Nurse Manager you will be responsible to the Regional Manager for a large sized nursing and EMI home based in Chester. The Nurse Manager will be supporting a large team and the homes residents. You will possess excellent people skills with at least 3 years' experience of working within a nursing home as a manager (essential). You will have experience of working with individuals with Mental Health issues and Dementia. You will have a passion in providing outstanding care and enjoy making a difference to people's lives. You be required to help maintain the nursing homes by following strict CQC legislation's and the company's policies and procedures and maintaining the homes excellent standard. The Candidate: The Nurse Manager will have a background in health and social care particularly within a Nursing Home setting, and will have experience of managing a nursing home. You will be required to have an active PIN number and qualified as a general nurse (RGN  Registered General Nurse) or be RMN qualified or even dual qualified. An RMA or NVQ **** or LMC is also desirable. You will be computer literate and able to work as part of a team. You will possess high standards of care with up to date knowledge of current standards and you must possess strong interpersonal and staff management skills. You will be required to share on call and be flexible in your working hours. The Company: Our client is part of a small chain of nursing and residential homes across the North West. Our client prides themselves on the homely environments where service users feel safe and comfortable as well as leading an active and creative life. It is their objective to provide a culture and an environment where staff feel as happy as possible in their jobs and service users feel their contribution is valued in the development of services. Interested? Please click 'apply now' or alternatively telephone Ranj on **** ****