Title: Support Nurse Advisor  Doncaster
Webindex: 67151474
Company: Equal Approach
Description: Support Nurse Advisor Doncaster and surrounding areas. Fixed term contract up to end of March 2013 This is a field based Support Nurse Advisor opportunity supporting home enterally fed patients via home visits and telephone support. A patient facing role you will work alongside an experienced Nurse Advisor and support with discharge planning of patients and pump training. Daily responsibilities will include: •Supporting families and carers to obtain the optimum nutritional state •Promote and support positive enteral feeding practices for patients and carers •Support the objectives of early supportive discharge and admission avoidance (pre & unplanned) •To develop high level expertise in Malnutrition and the universal screening tool 'MUST’ •Be aware and take into consideration current legislation, and nutritional trends and research •Team player, with flexibility, who can also work in isolation, and be accountable for own clinical decisions. Minimum Requirements for the role. •NMC Registered. •RGN qualified with a minimum of 2 years post registration nursing experience •Full UK driving licence •Computer skills •Excellent time management skills and planning is essential •Strong communication skills  for patient and carer training and presentations to the account (Dieticians and Hospital and Community based nurses) Preferable Requirements •Experience in the oral supplement /Enteral feed therapy area •ENB 998 or equivalent. •Experience of working independently Our client specialises in the delivery of advanced medical nutrition for patients requiring disease and malnutrition management. They pride themselves in their constant innovation through products and services, a flexible approach in the way they work in partnership with their customers and the care they provide their often vulnerable patient groups. EA Clinical and Healthcare specialise in recruiting nurses and medical professionals and clinicians at all levels nationally for the commercial market. EA Clinical and Healthcare operates as part of Equal Approach Ltd offering a variety of bespoke, national recruitment solutions to a portfolio of prestigious national clients. If you are interested in this position please send your CV in application to pippa.gardinerequalapproach.com or call **** **** **** for further information Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and Equal Approach actively encourages candidate applications from all sections of the community. If you need to receive this information in an alternative format, please contact Equal Approach and we will take reasonable steps to arrange this for you. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and we actively encourage candidate applications from all sections of the community. The successful candidate may be required to undertake an Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau Check.