Title: Senior Operating Theatre (Recovery) Practitioner  Harrow
Webindex: 67285098
Company: Medic International
Description: Our client is a major provider of independent healthcare based in North London; we are seeking a motivated, experienced Senior Operating Theatre (Recovery) Practitioner to join their team. Treating the full range of medical and surgical specialities this hospital works with the elite of London's most experienced consultant surgeons, anaesthetists and other healthcare specialists. Supported by stateoftheart equipment this centre of excellent offers a high standard of acute and critical surgical care, within pleasant and comfortable surroundings. Successful applicants will enjoy career development and support from a strong management team, the opportunity to work alongside expert consultants and a multi disciplinary team of other healthcare specialists, access to a dedicated professional and personal development program and experience within a highly professional working environment. The benefits of working for this company include: •Free Private Medical cover •A minimum of 25 days annual leave from the start of employment •Free Critical Illness Insurance cover •Reasonably priced quality accommodation provided •Interestfree season ticket loans and Cycle to work scheme •The opportunity to join their employer contributory Pension Scheme •Gym membership Duties of the post •To utilise and develop your current extensive Recovery skills in a wide range of lists including: experience in at least two of the following complex specialities; Orthopaedics, Spinal, Neurosurgery, Liver, and Cardiac, General, urology, gynaecology, ENT and breast surgery. •To work with minimal supervision, deputising for Recovery Manager as required. •To expand your clinical leadership skills, promoting a positive working environment. •To supervision and mentorship of; Staff Recovery Practitioners, Trainee ODP?s, Nursing Students, and Healthcare Assistants. A full job description is available upon request. Person requirements •Registered Nurse or Operating Department Practitioner with full registration with the NMC or HPC as applicable (not requiring a period of Supervised Placement to complete registration) •To hold a mentorship qualification. •Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. •Four years (at least one year of which is UKbased) Recovery experience •Permission to undertake employment in the UK (not requiring workpermit sponsorship)