Title: Acute Community Nurse
Webindex: 72229907
Company: MediHome
Description: This is a fantastic opportunity to join MediHome the UK’s largest independent provider of acute homecare to the NHS, we are undergoing an extended period of growth and are looking for talented nurses to help drive forward our growth in both the NHS and private sector. Key Responsibilities: The successful nurse will be providing acute healthcare into patients’ homes, ensuring they are looked after to a high standard and all medications and treatments are administered as per care plans and MediHome policies and procedures. Maintaining patient confidentiality, dignity and ensuring the wellbeing of the patient is priority. Building and maintaining relationships with clients, patients, nurses and MediHome staff to ensure the communication lines are kept running smoothly, this includes but is not limited to telephone, emails and ensuring all patient notes are updated correctly and to a high standard. Ensuring all confidential information regarding staff, nurses and patients is kept confidential. Ensuring all equipment is handled correctly and maintained in safe working order. Essential Skills: Registered Nurse (1st level). Recent experience with IV Therapy and venepuncture. Ability to work autonomously. Good written and verbal communication skills and the ability to deal with patients and clients at all levels. Demonstrable post qualification experience. Ability to work on own initiative. Desirable Skills: Previous community care experience. Recent cannulation experience. Recent experience with complex wound care. Experience of vac pumps and PICC/Hickman line administration and care. Experience with diabetic patients. Computer Literate. Benefits: Nonstandard hour’s supplements. Pension. Private Health Benefits Scheme. Blackberry mobile phone iPad. Childcare Vouchers. Mileage Claim reimbursement. Why work for MediHome? Opportunities to provide one to one dedicated acute patient care. No night shifts. Weekend only working available. Training recognised by Investors in People. Friendly and supportive autonomous working environment. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AcuteCommunityNurse_job****