Title: Area Supervisor  London and South East
Webindex: 68711749
Company: Blue Arrow
Description: My client are a service provider who supply a Bed Mattress maintenance and decontamination service within NHS hospitals. We currently have a vacancy for an Area Supervisor to lead the technical team within the London and South East area. Main duties of the role are to manage and organise the local service teams and monitoring of service centre locations ensuring safe working practices and adherence to hygiene standards. Management and completion of the Planned Preventative Maintenance programme within the designated area and timeframe. Management of key performance indicators within the local accounts, ensuring compliance by the teams and production of statistics. The position is a handson role which will involve a balance of managerial duties, technical support, ownership of the service operation locally and daily handson work as the priorities dictate. Excellent communication skills required along with the ability to deal with customers directly and in a proactive manner. Previous managerial experience preferred. Full training will be provided on products as necessary. You will be required to Drive for this role. Excellent package of benefits to include private health insurance and pension scheme after completion of probationary period Blue Arrow is one of the UK`s largest recruitment businesses, dedicated to providing bespoke staffing solutions through a network of specialist branches and onsite locations. For over 50 years, our priority has been to work in partnership with our clients and candidates to secure longterm relationships. Blue Arrow provides an extended range of permanent and temporary recruitment services to a variety of public and private sector clients in the following areas:  Catering and Hospitality  Secretarial and Admin  Driving  Industrial and Manufacturing  Distribution and Warehousing This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AreaSupervisorLondonandSouthEast_job****