Title: Clinical Manager  Critical Care / Neurology (Paediatrics)  North East
Webindex: 68824969
Company: Evolve Selection Limited
Description: We currently have an immediate opportunity available with a market leading Home Care provider for complex nursing needs; covering brain injury; spinal injury and neurological disorders. Our client delivers a range of diverse; clinically focused care packages to adults and children in the community. They are committed to a vision of improving quality of life and have built up a highly regarded reputation in this sector. They are currently looking for a Clinical Manager throughout the North East region. The role: To work closely with the Team Coordinator and Regional Clinical Manager in the setting up and subsequent management of care packages for people with complex needs in a community setting. To oversee a team of Team Coordinator(s) and Healthcare Assistants; acting as a line manager for the Team Coordinator(s) and to support the Team Coordinator(s) with their line management responsibilities. To assess; plan; implement and evaluate the clients holistic care in partnership with the multidisciplinary team. To participate in the recruitment; induction and training processes. To lead on competency training for Healthcare Assistants. To provide support to the Team Coordinator in the day to day management of the clients and staff. To be the first point of contact for clinical issues. To participate in the on call service. To demonstrate drive; initiative and flexibility in carrying out all the principal responsibilities to promote and maintain high standards of service delivery in the nursing; social; rehabilitation and domestic needs of the clients. Care Knowledge; experience; understanding and practical ability to meet the specialist and clinical needs of individuals including: To assist in the assessment of health and social care needs of all potential clients to the service to ensure appropriate discharge arrangements. To act as a knowledge base/support in the clinical field for staff within the company. To regularly monitor and review client care plans and care records to ensure the continuity of the clients care and treatments programmes. To support and direct the team in assisting and encouraging the client to achieve care plan goals as determined through assessments; treatment; observations; communication with the client and their family; discussions with relatives/advocates and input from other members of the health/social care team. Essential Skills and Abilities: Registered Nurse (RSCN) At least **** years experience in management in a clinical environment. Ability to work as part of a team Ability to work without supervision Ability to complete individual s daily records Numeracy and Literacy skills Satisfactory Level of Verbal and written communication skills Interview Process 2 stage Package Up to ****;**** with car allowance (mileage also paid) and benefits.