Title: Occupational therapist  Essex
Webindex: 68560761
Company: The Placement Group
Description: Occupational therapist  Essex Band 6  Acute Intermediate care/Community Fulltime / Part time Salary  **** **** Start Asap The company are currently recruiting for occupational therapist with acute intermediate experience to treat patients in the community who have been discharged from hospital in the Essex area. The firm is UK's largest independent provider of acute homecare to the NHS. They are undergoing an extended period of growth and are looking for talented clinicians to help drive forward our growth in both the NHS and private sectors. Job summary You will be working as part of a multidisciplinary clinical team based at the local hospital providing Occupational Therapy to a wide variety of NHS patients as part of an early supported discharge model of care. The post holder will be required to work closely with NHS Clinicians to help identify potential patients who could be transferred into the companies care. Patients may need support at home following admission to hospital for a variety of reasons, for example following surgery or a medical admission. Your duties will include  Assessments of patients in the hospital setting to ensure the safe and appropriate transfer to the companies care. This will involve close working and communication with both the company and the onsite NHS teams. The post holder will be responsible for undertaking patient home visits to deliver therapy interventions as appropriate, either autonomously or with other health professionals. It is necessary to be able to independently evaluate progress and adapt therapy interventions as appropriate. To be considered for this position you must ideally have 3 years of experience in a broad range of acute, Intermediate Care or Community Rehabilitation. You must have a current registration with the HPC. You must also have a full UK driving licence. Non European applicants must be registered with the HPC and have a minimum of 1 years experience in the UK. In return you will be offered competitive salary, flexible working hours, healthcare benefits, and support for CPD, ipad and mobile phone, ****p per mile fuel reimbursement, also standard annual leave and sick pay is offered. Please submit your CV to or call for more information.