Title: Staff Nurse Paediatric Ward  London
Webindex: 66370112
Company: Bupa Cromwell Hospital
Description: Staff Nurse Paediatric Ward  London Role Summary: To work as part of the multi disciplinary team to deliver a high standard of care to the patient undergoing medical treatment. You will be responsible for the assessment of patients care needs and for the development, implementation and evaluation of programmes of care. CLINICAL DELIVERY Ensure high standards of care for patients and their families by: Delivery and management of direct nursing care, Working with agreed nursing standards and according to Nursing and Midwifery Council Code for nurses, Being accountable for nursing outcomes, Enhancing the quality of care by assisting with the management of change in nursing practice based on evidence/research. Plan and organise own workload in order to meet patient need. Understand the principles of delivering prescribed treatment safely to achieve positive patient outcomes. Within a system of case management, coordinate and monitor the progress of patient care and report any variance appropriately. Ensure the correct storage and administration of medications in accordance with the hospital policies and NMC Standards for Medicine Management and ensure the safe handling of drug keys at all times. Practice multidisciplinary team care and contribute actively towards its successful management. Act at all times as the patient advocate. Work in accordance with the Nursing Strategy to meet the Hospital and Nursing objectives. OPERATIONAL DELIVERY Manage nursing care and assist with additional management requirements according to planned off duty rota. Contribute to the effective management of the hospital by: Adopting a flexible approach to personal off duty rota, Assisting with requirements when clinical activity alters, Assisting senior nursing staff in the forward planning of absences, Participating in effective use of temporary staff, Working in other areas within the hospital as required. INTEGRATED GOVERNANCE Understand implications of Integrated Governance and adhere to hospital governance policies including the reporting of incidences, near misses. Ensure compliance to standards in respect of all legislative requirements, including but not limited to CQC, SHE, DSE, Fire, COSHH, BLS, Manual Handling, Safeguarding Children & Adults, Information Security, Infection Control and Blood Transfusion. Maintain safe working practices and adhere to clinical risk management policy and recommendations. Participate and assist in developing standards of patient care based on sound research findings. Proactively assist the Nursing Team in audit and quality assurance programmes. Adopt the correct administrative procedures when dealing with complaints from patients/relatives following set policies and procedures. CUSTOMERS Maintain positive working relationships with all Consultants, ensuring individual Consultant protocols are utilised. Ensure that supplies are adequate and equipment is in working order. PEOPLE Ensure effective communication to patients and colleagues. Ensure attendance and completion of all mandatory study days. Share knowledge, skills and experience and work collaboratively with colleagues Some of the Benefits of joining Bupa Cromwell Hospital Gym Membership Childcare Vouchers Staff Restaurant Dry Cleaning Discount Eye Sight Testing Employee Referral Scheme