Title: Nurse Advisor
Webindex: 58936902
Description: Due to the expansion of a rapidly growing business area we are recruiting on behalf of our client for Nurse Advisors. These are new and exciting opportunities, working within their Chronic Disease division delivering on ambitious plans in bowel management. You will be responsible for a defined territory including: Swindon. Oxford, Reading, Slough, Twickenham, Kingston Upon Thames, Sutton so there is a high expectation of travel This is a target driven role where you will be responsible for sales with target customers, and retention of patients within the anal irrigation market and developing new opportunities. You will present to Healthcare professionals in relation to the products and treatment area and support patients with either direct training or follow ups. Required Skills and Experience:  Nursing / Clinical qualifications and experience is essential, together with a current NMC Registration  Nursing background related to bowel management, continence care or colorectal experience a distinct advantage.  Business / Commercial experience is preferred  Strong interpersonal and relationship building skills  Passion to help patients deal with key healthcare needs  Commercially focused, with proven ability to identify opportunities, and proactively drive and deliver strong results  Exceptional listening skills and strong presentation and communication skills  Demonstrate effective time management skills, administrative capabilities and effective written communication capabilities  Proficient in Microsoft Office applications including Word, Excel and PowerPoint.  Full driving licence In return our client offers an attractive benefits package including company car, bonus, 28 days holiday plus bank holidays, private health care, pension, profit related pay, life assurance, childcare vouchers and a company share scheme. Our client develops and supplies products and services that make life easier for people with very personal and private medical conditions. They operate globally and employ more than **** people worldwide, with over **** employees based in the UK. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and we actively encourage candidate applications from all sections of the community. EA Clinical and Healthcare specialise in recruiting nurses and medical professionals and clinicians at all levels nationally for the commercial market. EA Clinical and Healthcare offers a variety of bespoke, national recruitment solutions to a portfolio of prestigious national clients. If you are interested in this position please send your CV in application to pippa.gardinerequalapproach.com or call **** **** **** for further information If you need to receive this information in an alternative format, please contact Equal Approach and we will take reasonable steps to arrange this for you. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and we actively encourage candidate applications from all sections of the community. The successful candidate may be required to undertake an Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau Check.