Title: Registered General Nurse  RGN  Cambridge
Webindex: 70016556
Company: Smithridge Healthcare Ltd
Description: Smithridge Healthcare Ltd was established with the aim of becoming the healthcare staffing provider of choice to its clients and service users.We are an independent Nursing and Healthcare staffing provider who’s ethics are totally customer focused, meaning we are able to provide the highest quality candidates into permanent positions across the UK. We are currently recruiting for a number RGNs to work on a full time, permanent basis for one of our clients based in Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire. Minimum Qualifications: Registered General Nurse Currently registered with NMC Responsible to: Home ManagerAims of post To ensure that high standards of resident and family care are maintained at all times, under the direction of the Home Manager. To maintain and motivate a professional and efficient staff and exercise leadership as part of the nursing team. To maintain a homely atmosphere and create a dignified environment. To ensure that all necessary standards are maintained in compliance with the health care policy and Health Authority Guidelines. Functions Professional Administrative/Managerial Personnel Education and Training ProfessionalSupervise the professional work of staff within the nursing home, in cooperation with the Home Manager in accordance with: NMC Code of Conduct Policy & Procedure Manual of the nursing home Employee Handbook Company Health & Safety Policy Assess, plan, implement and evaluate individualised care of residents. Ensure treatments are carried out as prescribed. Follow nursing home policy in respect of custody and administration of all drugs. Maintain personal contact with residents, their relatives and visitors to enhance the residents’ quality of life, and the good standing of the business. To continually update knowledge of nursing techniques and procedures and the relevant research that underpins nursing practice. Participate in the evaluation and review of policies and report to the Home Manager matters that effect policy. Administrative/Managerial Assist the Home Manager in the overall management of the nursing home as required. Assist in planning workloads and nursing resources as effectively as possible. Assist in maintaining stocks/stores at adequate levels, being mindful of the need for economy and good housekeeping. Ensure the safe care and custody of residents’ property in accordance with the nursing home policy. Report any accident/incident, loss or theft to the Home Manager and complete necessary statements promptly. Ensure that accurate nursing records are maintained in accordance with agreed policy. Personnel Maintain a working knowledge of: The Health And Safety At Work Act The Operational Policies Manual The Employee Handbook (for conditions of service, disciplinary/grievance procedure). Assist with the orientation of new staff to the nursing home. Assist with supervision and assessment of junior staff. Education & Training Attend study days and courses as appropriate with regards to PREP. Update clinical knowledge and skills in current research and nursing theories. Participate in inservice training for more junior members of staff. Assist in the orientation programs of all new care staff and nursing employees. Participate in the NVQ program for Care Assistants. Our client is the UK's largest provider of care and as such the opportunities for further training and internal promotion are fantastic.To apply for this position or for further information please contact the recruitment and compliance team on **** **** or email your cv to infosmithridgehc.co.uk