Title: Lead Auditor
Webindex: 69555695
Company: Progressive Recruitment
Description: Progressive Global Energy are a trusted supplier to one of the largest Oil and Gas consultancies in the world. The company are targeting significant growth over the enxt 3 years and as part of this, they are seeking talented and experienced Lead and Senior Lead HSE Auditors. Ideally the candidates will have some experience of management systems, however third party auditing experience is not necessary a comprehensive training development process is followed in which will provide the range of skills and competencies required. General Functional description Lead Auditor/Assessor, multidiscipline qualified, matching the highest requirements of industry knowledge with at least **** yrs of experience, with key potential additional responsibilities including training, managing complex projects. Main tasks and responsibilities: Specific for Senior Assessor Lead, organise and deliver specific project activities as industry project management, Customer management assessment, gap analysis, training, workshop, etc Provide premium services in the first phase targeted to most advanced key customers. Be responsible of the technical management coordination, included the assessment of the technical competence criteria Common requirements for all Assessors Carry out in efficient and competent manner as required by instructions/ the Quality System and/or as per formal agreement between the client and company Plan and execute audits, report findings and followup when necessary, within agreed times scales and economic frameworks. Meeting professional practice standards and demonstrating competence in core areas. Developing and maintaining positive relationship with client personnel. Maintaining high morale by contributing to an effective positive work environment. Acting as a team player who works well with others and guides self through professional development process, including timely completion of reviews and goal setting. Maintaining effective communication with line management, between audit team members and client stakeholders Qualifications Ideally higher level qualification Qualifications, experience and competence in quality and/or safety and/or environmental management systems Offshore experience (not essential but desirable) This is a full time position based in Aberdeen. To be considered for this role, please send through a copy of your cv consideration Progressive Global Energy & Natural Resources is proud to be a member of EIC