Title: BMS ****  Head of Cytopathology
Webindex: 66896743
Company: Key Employment
Description: INTRODUCTION: This post is working for the top award winning private Healthcare company in London. Responsible for the day to day & strategic management of Cytopathology dept. Manage all nonmedical staff, space and equipment allocated to the department to ensure an efficiently delivered service. DUTIES TO INCLUDE: Use your skills and knowledge to provide an appropriate Cytopathologylaboratory service. Be responsible for the organisation and continuity of a comprehensive 24 houraday, **** dayaweek service. Plan departmental operations according to priority and ensure procedures are followed and performed to appropriate standard. Speedy and accurate processing of samples. Perform laboratory techniques in accordance with SOPs. Demonstrate a high level of technical expertise and use relevant practical experience and theoretical knowledge to perform advanced troubleshooting and corrective procedures. Sample requisition and booking of patient demographics/test requests into IT systems. Ensure KPI metrics are maintained. Ensure adequate and appropriate supplies available in the department and ensure stock rotation. Establish and maintain adequate quality control/assurance programmes in line with laboratory policy and accreditation requirements. Organise operation of onestop FNA clinic service, liaising with hospital staff and Cytopathologists, ensuring lab staff cover is available. Ensure the appropriate storage and archiving of samples, blocks and slides. Be responsible for procurement, installation, maintenance and validation of instrumentation and techniques. With laboratory management team, negotiate service contracts, standing orders and maintenance contracts. Establish, develop and maintain up to date policies and procedures for equipment and techniques. Ensure standards relating to Cytopathology practise required for accreditation are reached and maintained. Communicate with users and laboratory staff on appropriate tests to request, timing or conditions. Interpretation, validation and timely reporting of results. Give, within your field of expertise, specialist advice to users. Communication and education of laboratory policies to users. Arrange the satisfactory distribution of Biomedical Scientists and other nonmedical staff in the laboratory and ensure the effective organisation of their work. Foster team spirit and quality culture REQUIREMENTS: Releant MSc Degree or equivalent HPC Registered Fellow of the Institute of Biomedical Sciences Certificate in Cervical Cytology, the C&G Diploma in Cervical Cytology (****) or equivalent. Evidence of continual personal development Experience in a similar post Please note that due to the large number of applications we received, we are not able to reply to everyone. If you do not hear back from us within 1week of your application then unfortunately you have not been successful on this occasion but we thank you for applying and wish you all the best in your search