Title: Product Manager  Biosimilars  Warwickshire
Webindex: 70159951
Company: Additional Resources Limited
Description: Product Manager  Biosimilars  Based Warwickshire Our client is a rapidly expanding and forward thinking Medical Device/Pharmaceutical company. They are currently looking to recruit a Product Manager. The company are based in Warwickshire so you must be prepared to be office based on a daily basis. The Product Manager will work closely with EMEA Strategic Program Manager, Business team and cross functional program teams to drive new product launch execution across the region, bringing new products to market on time and with maximum impact to ensure that Country and EMEA sales targets are met. Key responsibilities: Lead multiple new product launch projects to ensure they are executed on time, across multiple Countries and within budget where applicable. Build strong relationships across a matrix of Global, Regional and Country stakeholders from various functions to ensure that both short and longterm objectives are achieved, and that stakeholder`s needs are included in the process. Effectively influence team members and stakeholders in the project context to achieve desired outcomes. Utilise appropriate tools and manage reporting metrics to demonstrate that all new product launch activities are executed effectively (including project planning, objective setting, execution, review and follow up. Use consistent and approved tool sets to enable launch tracking, management and metric reporting. Mentor and coach launch team members within the EMEA region. Demonstrate commercial understanding to support SIP Commercial team and launch execution team members. Candidate Requirements Knowledge of the EMEA healthcare marketplace Previous sales or marketing experience in a healthcare generics or Biosimilars environment is preferred Experience developing and implementing strategic plans Demonstrated project management skills Proficient with MS Office products Fluency in English is essential, good knowledge of a second language is preferred Selfstarter who takes initiative and can work well in a matrix environment Likes to work in an energetic and rapidly growing company with opportunities for development Salary Up to **** dependant on experience. Plus excellent bonus and benefits We are an employment business and an employment agency as defined within the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Business Regulations ****