Title: PACS / HCIT Technical Implementation Specialist
Webindex: 70091284
Company: Kirkham Young Ltd
Description: Technical Implementation Specialist  Healthcare IT This dynamic company is a worldwide provider of inventive, innovative medical imaging and healthcare IT solutions. It has been a world leader in medical imaging for more than 100 years and was Frost Sullivan s Medical Imaging Company of the Year. The company is committed to providing first class customer support and to this end is now looking to recruit an experienced Technical Implementation Specialist for its PACS, RIS and healthcare IT solutions. In this role you will be responsible for the company s PACS, RIS and third party system integrations and for implementing its Healthcare Information Systems (HCIS) solutions. The role is the 2nd/3rd Level of Integration and Implementation and you will be required to make qualified technical decisions, to implement against requirements and to assist in solving customer requests and problems. This may include the technical qualification, local implementation, integration, training and support of the PACS and RIS solutions. You may also be involved with pre and post sales support and will liaise with Project Managers, Customers, Incident Support Specialists, Applications Consultants, 3rd party suppliers and the sales team. To apply you will need expertise and experience in: Database design, implementation/development, administration, dataguard, backups and recovery, tuning (Oracle DBA level a plus but not strictly required). Experience of Oracle Programming Language, (PL/SQL developer, SQLPlus). First and second line product support for both internal and external customers. Development of simple integration components, (COM object based interfaces, Web interfaces, XML, etc.). Knowledge and experience of Microsoft ****/**** Server support. Experience with Crystal Reports. Understanding/knowledge of Medical Standards: DICOM, Health Level Seven (HL****), and Integrating the Healthcare Enterprise. Strong team player with demonstrated acumen for understanding applications, workflow and network environments. Experience in database development. Strong oral and written Englishlanguage with excellent communication skills. Excellent troubleshooting and problem analysis skills. In addition the following are highly desirable: Radiology Workflow, PACS, RIS Common network protocols and technology. Common security technologies and practices. Storage Platforms technologies (RAID, SAN, NAS, tape libraries). High Availability technologies (eg based on OS, Veritas, Oracle). Web and HTML technologies. This company attracts the best people and you can expect a competitive basic salary and great career prospects.