Title: QC Microbiology Scientist
Webindex: 72690849
Company: Recruitment Holdings Ltd
Description: QC Microbiology Scientist My client is looking to recruit a two Microbiology Scientists, one on maternity cover until end of Sept 2013 and the other on a part time basis (3 days per week). The role will include performing Quality Control Microbiological tests necessary to support all aspects of the facility and manufacturing operations. You will also ensure the quality of all work undertaken in the QC Microbiology Department and the ensuing data is of an acceptable quality to meet the required regulatory requirements. Specific Duties and Responsibilities Follow written procedures to carry out the required microbiological test on utilities, raw materials and products. To follow schedules for the testing of samples to maximise the efficiency of the laboratory. Ensure stocks of all reagents and consumables required for testing in the QC Microbiology Laboratory are maintained at the appropriate level and within shelf life. Test raw materials / products in accordance with appropriate Pharmacopoeial monographs. Carry out programmes of work identified by the QC managers, ensuring that all work carried out is in compliance with cGMP guidelines and that all work undertaken is adequately reported. To ensure that all work undertaken is done so in a safe and efficient manner Work in conjunction with Manufacturing and Quality Assurance (QA) to generate the appropriate test results for batch review and release. To generate and review SOPs To highlight potential Non conformances / Out of Specifications within the Microbiology Laboratory To identify where appropriate improvements to current systems and documentation Responsible for compliance with all company systems and procedures Any other duties as may be required to fulfil the role profile. Qualifications, Skills and Experience Minimum of BSc Science degree or equivalent preferably in Microbiology / Biology Experience and working knowledge of current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) in a microbiological laboratory along with pharmaceutical / biopharmaceutical standards and regulations Experience of microbiological analysis of pharmaceutical / biopharmaceutical products including LAL testing (Chromogenic method), identification to Gram Stain level, TVC testing, bioburden testing, viability and purity testing and environmental monitoring. Candidate will possess knowledge and understanding of cell bank revival / growth methods.