Title: Theatre Lead  Portsmouth
Webindex: 71226951
Company: JS3 Recruitment Ltd
Description: THEATRE LEAD  BASED PORTSMOUTH **** **** HRS We have a new opportunity for a Theatre Lead to join its multidisciplinary team. We are looking to employ a candidate who will assist a quality nurse led service to patients attending the centre. The Treatment Centre is located within the grounds of the a busy hospital site in Portsmouth. Purpose built in **** the facility provides NHS treatment to all attending NHS patients. Responsible To Lead Nurse  Day Surgery Unit Key Responsibilities Responsible for management and coordination of all aspects of clinical and nonclinical work within the department to provide a high standard of care and safety in accordance with company values, philosophy, objectives, policies and legal requirements. Skills & Experience The successful candidate will: ? Provide senior line management for both the theatres and recovery room. ? Prioritise patient care through out the department, assuming shift leader responsibility allocating staff and resources effectively. ? Take responsibility for the initial informal management of sickness, absence and discipline, ensuring all departmental and company policies and guidelines are adhered to. ? Provide orientation and support to new staff to the departments  theatres and recovery room. ? Have the ability to show competency and demonstrate experience at Senior Theatre Practitioner Level Qualifications ? 1st level Registered Nurse with current registration with the UK Nursing Midwifery Council (NMC) or ODP with current registration with Health Professional Council (HPC) ? Evidence of Continuous Professional Development (CPD). ? Teaching and assessing qualification ? Recognised postregistration specialist theatre course or equivalent ? Recognised Teaching /Assessing certificate or equivalent ? Advanced Life Support (ALS) UKRC recognised Our client is an equal opportunities employer and employment is subject to an enhanced CRB check For more information please call Barbara Shaw on for a confidential chat. If you are responding directly to this position please attach your current CV and inform us of your current renumeration details and your availability for a Pre Screen / Telephone Interview. JS**** also offer a referral scheme (Please refer to our website) Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location