Title: Care Home Manager  Nurse  Morecambe
Webindex: 70474102
Company: Four Seasons Health Care
Description: Site or Unit :Morecambe Bay Care HomeAddress :Gleneagles DriveBroadwayMorecambeLancashireLA**** ****BN Contracted Weekly Hours : 40Morecambe Bay Care Home is an 86 bed establishment which cares for both older and younger persons with general nursing and residential needs, together with those who have physical disabilities and dementia. Morecambe Bay also has a dedicated rehabilitation and recuperation unit. The home provides both long term and short term care and has **** members of staff with an turnover of 2.1 million.As the Care Home Manager you have responsibility for managing a business, you will lead a team and be responsible for ensuring the whole facility operates effectively and of course ensuring we deliver the very best quality care. So as a Home Manager what do you need to do to make this happen? Ensure the delivery of quality care  continually assessing our residents' needs and wishes and developing the service to enhance their quality of life. Actively ensure the home has the highest possible levels of occupancy – utilising links with the local community, positively marketing the home and increasing public awareness of our services. Take on accountability for the home – ensuring compliance with all company policies and regulatory requirements; striving to achieve the best possible care rating and other external recognition of quality. Manage the financial effectiveness of the home  maintain the budget of the home and seek to identify opportunities to increase profitability and reduce cost. Take on an active leadership role – you will need to be a visible leader in the home supporting the operation of a twenty four hour business. Manage every facility in the home – although we are in the care business to deliver this you will manage every service from laundry and maintenance through to catering. Developing your people – you will have the opportunity to build your team, by recruiting and developing the right people to grow your business and through supporting their career development.