Title: HCA / Support Worker for Whizzkidz  Liverpool
Webindex: 69184765
Company: Prestige Nursing
Description: Position: HCA/ Support worker for Whizzkidz Location: Merseyside AreaSalary: ******** per hour.Hours:Ad Hoc HoursJob Description: We are looking for dedicated and reliable people who have an excellent work ethic and a passion for caring for disabled young people. Prestige Nursing and Care are working in partnership with the charity WhizzKidz. We are looking for suitably trained HCAs to do a variety of shifts including Ambassador clubs, life skills days, work placements and three day residential camps enabling young people to forget their disabilities and have fun.Responsibilities: Provide a high quality of care. Respect the individuality and confidentiality of each young person. To respect the young persons independence and authority and to treat them at all times with fairness and courtesy. To empower the young people to do be as independent as possible. Ensure the health, safety and welfare of young people and themselves. To work in a collaborative and cooperative manner with all Whizzkidz staff in the provision of care and activities and to recognise and respect their contributions within the care team. Maintaining up to date reports in line with the young persons care plan Maintain regular communication with branch manager. Necessary Skills/Qualifications: Extensive experience of providing care to young people with communication difficulties, including young people with no spoken communication and learning disabilities. Experience of providing care including bathing, toileting and feeding, to disabled and complex young people, including those with epilepsy, peg feeds, ventilation needs and other multiple and complex needs. Experience of transferring young wheelchair users via portable and ceiling hoists Good standard of spoken and written English Excellent communication skills and a good team player Benefits: Free training, including online elearning centre Opportunity to work towards a Health and Social Care diploma (if not already achieved) Flexible hours and variety of work – work where you want, when you want Weekly pay Continuing support, development and training Excellent rates of pay About COMPANY/CLIENT Originally founded in **** Prestige Nursing  Care is widely recognised as one of the leading Nursing and Care agencies in the UK. We pride ourselves on delivering a high quality, personalised service through our national network of over **** branches. We only recruit the very highest quality of staff and remain committed to offering them the widest range of well paid temporary and permanent jobs.If you are looking for a really rewarding career, join us at Prestige Nursing  Care and help us to transform the lives of some of the most vulnerable members of society. Contact us on **** **** or visit our website www.prestigenursing.co.uk .