Title: Care Assistants/Care Workers/Home Carers Chester
Webindex: 66601402
Description: Job title: Care Assistants/Care Workers/Home Carers  Chester Salary: **** per hour Location: Chester / Malpas / Farndon Full and Part Time positions The Role; We are currently recruiting full and part time Care Assistants in permanent positions, to join our dedicated team to work in the areas of Chester, Malpas and Farndon. As a care assistant you will be required to support individuals in their own homes to actively live their lives to the full. As a care assistant you will be providing 'handson' personal care and general support to a diverse group of Clients living in their own homes within the Chester, Malpas and Farndon areas. You will help the Clients to live independently, and assist with washing, bathing, getting dressed, and some cooking and general cleaning duties when required. Other tasks will include assisting Clients with booking appointments and encouraging social activities The Person; We are looking for caring individuals who want to make a difference to peoples' lives. You will be **** or over with a full driving licence and access to your own car (essential). You will need to be literate in English and numerate and be required to read and write Clients care plans. The successful person will ideally have experience of working in a care setting supporting residents, however this isn't essential as full training is provided as well as the opportunity to gain up to a NVQ diploma in Health and Social Care. This role will allow you to develop your existing skills as well as providing you with the opportunity to gain experience working with a diverse range of Clients and their needs. Due to the nature of the role, flexibility of working hours is required over a **** day shift pattern over a 24 hour period (flexibility at the weekends is also required) A driving licence and access to a car is essential The Company: My clients are the North West's leading nursing & social care recruiter. They have been providing temporary staffing and permanent recruitment solutions to a wide range of public & private sector clients since **** The cornerstone of their business is carefully matching the skills, experience & aspirations of our candidates to the specific requirements of our clients. All positions are subject to Enhanced CRB, clearance cost will be met by the employer. Must be a driver and have access to a car If you are interested in joining please click 'apply now' to the link below.