Title: Legionella Risk Assessor/Consultant/Project Manager
Webindex: 69748530
Company: Future Select Recruitment
Description: Our client is a rapidly expanding water management consultancy leader, and due to recent expansion, supplying services to prestigious clients within the commercial sectors, they are urgently looking for a good calibre Legionella Risk Assessor/Consultant/Project Manager to cover a mixture of contracts in and around the Gloucestershire area. The successful candidate must be polished, selfmotivated and selfsufficient and must have come from a strong chemical/consultancy background and must have demonstrable experience working within this role and within the water treatment/water hygiene/legionella industry. Ideally, you would have attended an approved Risk Assessment course  City and Guilds or have had internal training courses and must have good working knowledge of commercial and industrial water systems, supplies and water regulations governing these. Duties: Carrying Legionella risk assessments in line with ACOP L**** risk assessments, producing schematic drawings and final documents including for clients. Part of the role is providing recommendations and prices for remedial works, routine control measures through to quotations, and carrying out such works based on the risk assessment. Carrying out monthly temperature testing and water sampling. Carrying out survey of water systems and supplies as per ACOP L**** Writing up reports and attending meetings. Liaising with the company s large portfolio of clients and advising them on reports etc., hence excellent clientfacing skills will be required for this role. Overall, the successful candidate will be flexible, have a positive attitude and have the ability to work independently, manage time, and plan work schedule to meet deadlines and must be prepared to travel when required. This successful company offers fantastic salary, overtime company vehicle and along with many other benefits. Future Select are recruiting in the Water Treatment/Hygiene industry. We would be interested in speaking to candidates with experience in any disciplines from Risk Assessors, Service Engineers, Accounts Manager, and Business Development/Operational Managers through to Director level. We are dealing with clients across the UK, salaries ****k. Please feel free to visit our website for further details. We are inundated with applications, will endeavour to get back in touch, however if you have applied to Future Select and you have not heard from us after a week, on this occasion, you will not have been successful. Your details will be saved on our system and you will be contacted in the future if a vacancy matches your skills