Title: Nurse Assessor Band 6  London
Webindex: 68300603
Company: The Merton Avenue Group
Description: 1st Choice Nurses are part of The Merton Avenue Group. We are currently looking for experienced Nurse Assessors to work in the East London. Must be NMC registered in the UK Experience of working in continuing careJob Summary includes: Work closely with colleagues to develop individualised care plans to be presented to the PCT individualised care team for consideration Participate in the holistic assessment, implementation and evaluation of programmes of care for patients in the home, without direct supervision. This includes adults and children with chronic disease, terminal illness who wish to die at home and complex care needs for example the physically disabled. Other settings include residential homes, nursing homes, clinic’s community centres and community hospitals. Review effectiveness of nursing care provided ensuring that patient safety is maintained and care delivery meets the standards required by the Trust and Care Quality Commission. Recognise the need for appropriate referral to other members of the Community Care team or external organisations including appropriate escalation of potential Safeguarding risks. Identify and appropriately report incidents that relate to the delivery of substandard care by this or any other organisation including alerting line manager and governance team. Advise on the promotion of health and prevention of illness and provide information to individuals and groups to prevent disease, where possible. Recognise situations that may be detrimental to health for example housing, social and economic factors and refer to an appropriate agency and liaise with members of the Community Care Team. Maintain clear and accurate records of care in line with standards required by the Trust and NMC. Ensure that all activities and those delegated to Health Care Assistant’s are within advised health and safety regulations Encourage patients' carers and relatives to be involved in planning, delivery and evaluation of their care through HCHC Patient Questionnaires and the Patient Experience team.This is contract post and could be on going for the right candidate. If you are interested in this post please call Sam on **** **** **** or email your updated CV to samra.malik1stchoicenurses.com