Title: Deputy Charge Nurse  Mental Health
Webindex: 72625691
Company: Liquid Personnel
Description: Deputy Charge Nurse (RMN)  Based West Sussex  Salary to **** You are an enthusiastic senior nurse in mental health (RMN) or currently a Deputy Charge Nurse able to provide visible leadership and effective shift management to a strong nursing team. Deputy Charge Nurse (RMN)  Based West Sussex  Salary to **** You are an enthusiastic senior nurse in mental health (RMN) or currently a Deputy Charge Nurse able to provide visible leadership and effective shift management to a strong nursing team. Our client is a fast growing organisation providing nursing care to their local communities. Due to expansion a fantastic opportunity for a widely skilled, professional Deputy charge nurse, whose hard work and professional development will be rewarded with a competitive salary. Main Duties:  Primary nurse responsibility for an allocated case load of patients.  To plan and implement nursing care of individual patients paying particular attention to areas of nursing risk management.  To attend clinical team meetings and CPA reviews, actively participating in MultiDisciplinary assessment and treatment planning.  To assist in the coordination of nursing activity over a 24hour period to include adequate rostering, grade and skill mix provision.  To actively participate in the planning of service developments.  To work closely with the Charge Nurse, accepting joint responsibility for nursing operations.  To promote understanding of Clinical governance within the ward nursing team.  To promote understanding of and engagement in the principals of Recovery. You will have experience of:  Working in a supervisory capacity and effective report writing  A secure environment and interdisciplinary teamwork.  Assessing and teaching junior staff and cocoordinating care  Prioritising key tasks in relation to sphere of work.  Management of Health & Safety and related issues. Ideally you will be RMN qualified, RNLD's with relevant experience will also be considered. For more details or to discuss the position please call Steve on **** **** **** or email your CV to s.cassellsliquidpersonnel.com