Title: Residential Home Manager  Dover
Webindex: 69687842
Company: Jobsite Jobs
Description: Home Manager  Dover  ****k I have an excellent opportunity for an experienced Care Manager to join a developing care organisation in Kent. A Home Managers post as become available in their 30bed care home in Dover. This home provides residential care for the elderly frail and those suffering with Dementia. The organisation provides nursing and residential care across Kent for the elderly, those with Learning Disabilities and Dementia. All of their homes are of an excellent standard and have a great reputation within the community. I am looking for a motivated candidate to manage their excellent care team. The role: To manage the day to day running of the Home. To promote a caring environment for residents through high standards of professional practice. To ensure that each resident receives the care appropriate to their individual need. To meet the Health and Social Care standards, Regulations and good practice guide lines. To liaise with and cooperate with CQC inspectors and with their inspections. Staff management, support and development Recruitment from support, catering and domestic staff. Candidate requirements 3 years experience minimum in a management role Be an enthusiastic and motivated person Must have had prior budget responsibilities Demonstrate good knowledge of the CQC regulatory framework and personcenterd care planning Have experience in scheduling rotas, identifying training gaps workforce development, etc. Have good organisational and communication skills Ability to engage the local community and with external agenciesLocal authorities, care workers, doctors etc. Experience with dementia and elderly care Hold a Registered Managers Award  NVQ level 4 and have the Leadership and Management Award. This is a great chance to join a developing organisation that will help further you career and skills. For more information or to apply please contact Steph on or email your CV to