Title: Housing Officer  Substances
Webindex: 72440803
Company: Hays
Description: OVERALL OBJECTIVES a. To assist in developing and maintaining support packages for clients who misuse substances, working in partnership with housing providers and substance misuse treatment services. b. To promote healthier lives, well being and activities to reduce alcohol and drug related harm to the individual, their families and the community. c. To deliver Substance Education Services to promote harm minimisation d. To participate in local substance misuse forums and assist in the coordination of improving local services and partnership working. e. Provide support and access to local health service's to minimise continued health and social problems. f. Promote early intervention to avoid local increases in substance misuse. CLIENT SUPPORT a. To work with clients and other relevant agencies in assessing client need and ensure support service delivery through agreeing and implementing client support plans. b. To provide structured and recovery focused support to clients through holding a case load of identified clients with substance misuse issues, working closely with Support Officers as required. c. To establish and maintain good professional contacts with staff of other agencies in order to provide continuous support delivery in the areas that have been identified, and where appropriate to participate in client case conferences and reviews. d. To carry out risk assessments around substance misuse with Support Officers when required. e. To decrease by means of intensive support the number of tenancy breakdowns through eviction or abandonment, related to substance misuse. f. To assist in the resolutions of conflicts when they occur with your clients and to withdraw support services when appropriate in a planned and sensitive manner. g. Acting as an advocate to help make clear clients views and wishes. h. To promote and develop opportunities for clients to participate in the management and development of services. To attend on occasion the Clients' Forum. i. To hold weekly peer led substance support groups. j. Conduct **** support sessions with the clients to minimise continued misuse of substances and provide structured support and recovery focused interventions. k. Provide aftercare services to clients that have completed a full programme of substance rehabilitation to minimise relapse. l. Reduce harm in relation to drugrelated deaths and blood borne virus infections. m. To develop and review clients substance minimisation pathway plans, these plans will empower clients to take responsibility and ownership over their recovery. FINANCE AND ADMINISTRATION a. To ensure that all financial transactions relating to the post are carried out in accordance with the agreed procedures and within the framework of financial procedures and delegated authority. b. To produce written reports and complete monitoring and evaluation procedures as requested by the Head of Operations. c. To set up and maintain a data collection system that enables evaluation of the work of this post and monitor project indicators GENERAL a. To assist in the promotion of awareness of single homelessness and the needs of single homeless people in the wider community. This may involve public speaking to outside organisations and taking part in fundraising activities. b. To represent at outside meetings and on committees as delegated by the Head of Operations. c. To attend and participate in team meetings, conferences, external working parties and training courses where appropriate and as agreed by the Head of Operations. d. To contribute as an individual and a member of a staff team towards the development of provision and policies. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HousingOfficerSubstances_job****