Title: Staff Nurse RGN Care Home
Webindex: 69856534
Description: Appoint Group vacancy Job Title  RGN Staff Nurse Location  Newbury Salary  ****  **** per hour Hours: Full time and part time hours available Contract type: Permanent Job Description Due to promotion from within the company, an exciting opportunity has arisen for a newly qualified or experienced RGN to join an established multidisciplined team of care staff within a private healthcare company based in Newbury, Berkshire. The service is a 53 bedded nursing centre offering a wide range of support, including nursing care, convalescence, palliative care and respite. Some of the client group can be demanding on occasion and there is always plenty going on within the home. Who we are looking for? To be considered for the role, the applicant must have a strong desire to work with elderly residents. Applicants must be confident in their ability to work both independently and within a multidisciplined team of care staff. Sound clinical knowledge and skills are also important. The client is really looking for someone who is enthusiastic, keen to learn and get stuck in and someone who is genuine and committed. The applicant must have good communication skills What is in it for you? Our client offers an extensive benefits package that includes:  A comprehensive induction, structured training scheme and ongoing career development opportunities  A fantastic preceptorship programme for newly qualified nurses  Excellent work environments  Competitive salary rates based on experience, qualifications and skill  Sick pay  5.6 weeks of paid holiday per annum  Paid breaks  Lunch on shift  Contributory pension scheme  Competitive staff benefits such as weekly offers and discounts  Bonus payment (every year)  Staff discounts  Holiday of a life time scheme  Free uniform  Christmas present Applications will be held in the strictest confidence. Applicants must be RGN trained and must hold a valid PIN. All applicants should be eligible to live and work in the UK without restriction. For more information or to apply for the role please call Erin Banner on **** **** and email your CV to erin.bannerappointgroup.co.uk