Title: NPD Manufacturing Compliance Officer
Webindex: 72118294
Company: SRG Clinical
Description: Our client, an expanding Pharmaceutical company in West London is recruiting a new role within its Regulatory department for the position of New Product Development 3 years industry experience Science degree in either Chemistry, Microbiology or Pharmacist A very good understanding of CTD module **** especially module 3 Excellent communication skills Excellent negotiation skills Well organised and efficient Good attention to detail Ability to work to tight deadlines without errors Multi lingual, preferred but not essential MUST have right to work in UK (Tier **** Visa minimum) ROLE To visit all development sites within UK, Europe and Asia. Communicating between head office and development sites Ensuring the manufacturing of products are in line with the Companies expectations. Negotiating with development sites. Assessment of R and D and manufacturing facilities for capability and expertise for the development and manufacture of products. Ensuring that the companys products comply with the regulations of the MHRA. Provides regulatory information, guidance and support to the R Responsible for the timely management, preparation, submission and follow up of regulatory submissions to Competent Authorities, in whose territories the organisation wish to operate. Timely management, preparation, submission and follow up of licence variations and renewal approvals. Writing clear, accessible product labels and patient information leaflets. Specifying storage, labelling and packaging requirements. Maintaining quality systems. Ensures regulatory procedures and systems are implemented in order to comply with regulatory requirements and agreed quality standards. Undertaking and managing regulatory inspections. The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove they are legally entitled to work in the UK. SRG is a trading name of Science Recruitment Group Ltd an Employment Business/Agency