Title: Deputy Manager  Enfield
Webindex: 72186833
Company: Operations Resources
Description: Job Purpose  To take full responsibility for the effective operation and delivery of the business plan for the Home, in conjunction with the Home Manager and to take full responsibility for ensuring high standards of professional practice which meet the physical, emotional, social, intellectual and spiritual needs of the Residents.Key Responsibilities Shared responsibility with Home Manager for the selection, recruitment, induction and training and regular appraisal of all staff in the home. In the Home Manager’s absence, full responsibility for the daytoday management of the home to the CQCand expected group standards. Liaison with the Home Manager as required to ensure the effective operation of the Home. In conjunction with the Home Manager to monitor CQC standards and ensure effective delivery of quality of care within the home and to liaise effectively with CQC inspectors. To engender an atmosphere of cooperation and positivity within the home dealing with Residents, colleagues and suppliers with courtesy and respect at all times. To liaise effectively with staff to ensure transfer of information within the Home. To ensure that all care staff receive regular supervision. To ensure that all staff receive training and any support necessary to facilitate their role and that they follow company policy and procedures at all times. In conjunction with the Manager to ensure that an effective staff rota is always in place. To ensure that all staff on night duty are fulfilling their roles and responsibilities and to carry our regular checks as required To handle staff disciplinary issues, where necessary In conjunction with the Home Manager to provide relevant information to prospective Residents, to make appointments and conduct effective show rounds. To arrange trial visits and conduct assessments In conjunction with the Manager to develop and keep up to date care plans which deliver a satisfactory quality of life for all Residents. To support service users in taking decisions which affect their own lifestyle. In conjunction with the Home Manager to report any complaints from service users or relatives, to investigate any complaints effectively and provide remedial action. To work within agreed limits of authority for purchases. To ensure that the premises are at a high physical standard, fit for purpose and meet all legislative requirements at all times. To attend meetings and to assist in forming of company policy as requested. To perform any other reasonable request by the Manager, or a Director.