Title: Registered / Service Manager  Learning Disabilities
Webindex: 68065857
Company: Local Care Force
Description: Our Client provides specialist care for people with a learning disability and accompanying complex needs or challenging behaviour. They have developed a strong reputation for the quality of its services. We currently have ten residential homes, one supported living service (over three sites) and an assessment and treatment unit and continue to expand to meet strong demand. Position We wish to recruit a Registered Manager to manage our specialist residential home in Bradford. Within this role, you would take responsibility for all aspects of managing and developing the service supported by a staff team of around thirty staff. You will need to be a “hands on” manager and a team player yet would have lots of autonomy to manage the service with the support of the clinical services manager and other head office departments. You will work mainly Monday to Friday and the role is supernumerary. As part of this role, you will also assume some on call duties. Service This service accommodates eight adults with learning disabilities and complex needs who can present challenging behaviour. They have mixed abilities and are individually supported to attend college, supported employment and other activities. Candidate criteria You will have a proven track record of managing a similar service with learning disabilities and challenging behaviour (with at least three years management experience) and be looking to develop your career within the sector. You will have excellent staff management and organisation skills. You will also be able to demonstrate sound clinical skills and be familiar with CQC, Mental Health Act and other regulations and how to apply them. You will also have good presentation and report writing skills as you would liaise extensively with care management teams and other professionals within a multidisciplinary environment. The successful candidate must either hold or be prepared to work towards NVQ level 4 Registered Managers award or equivalent recognised qualification. There would also already be in receipt of or need to undertake accredited physical intervention training. Remuneration package The salary package (inclusive of a discretionary bonus package this can be discussed further at interview stage) shall be **** to **** and the annual leave entitlement shall be thirty two days, including bank holidays. If you feel that you have the skills that match this position and you would like to work for a small progressive company with a strong reputation for the services it provides and for looking after its staff, we would love to hear from you. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegisteredServiceManagerLearningDisabilities_job****