Title: Ambulance Crew Coordinator  Hospital
Webindex: 69424757
Company: Hudson IT
Description: We are looking for two Enhanced CRB cleared Coordinators to work at Watford Hospital To coordinate Ambulance crew. Some unsociable hours. 6 month contract  please see details of role below:  Previous experience of managing teams and individuals  Excellent communication skills  The ability to work under pressure  Flexibility with work times as this will include unsocial hours  Proven track record of achieving in tight deadlines  Smart appearance  Enhanced CRB undertaken within the last year. Please also see a summary of vacancy/s: The manager/Coordinator will be coordinating the process's from an ambulance and crew arriving at site (hospital) to leaving the hospital to go out the next job. For example: A ambulance turns up and is entered in to a queue, the 'turnaround manager' would go to the ambulance advise the crew to do the paper work in the queue, advise a member in need of a rest brake at this stage, ensure Vehicle cleaners are on the ambulance as soon as the patient is removed. Essentially keeping the process well oiled. Whilst keeping a report of any areas for improvement. As this will be liaising directly with various crew on a daily basis it is essential that the successful candidates have excellent communication skills and evidence of hitting targets. This is a brand new position to the Trust  The vacancy has come about to try improve current response times from job to job and clear up time that is currently lost and ensuring crews are being used to their full capability/capacity. PLease only apply if you can:  Interview and start in early Feb 2013 and can commit to a contract role until the end of July 2013 and possibly beyond?  Are happy with an hourly rate expectation(**** to a max. of **** per hour  NHS so as competitive as you can be)?  Work via go via one of our approved umbrella companies(Giant, Parasol or Paystream or via your own Ltd company)?  Supply a supporting statement that will make you stand out from the competition?  Deadline for submittals is Monday close of play Please note you will receive an automated response advising you that we have received your CV. Hudson is a leading provider of permanent recruitment, contract professionals and talent management solutions worldwide.