Title: Relief Service Manager  Guildford
Webindex: 72183887
Company: Care UK
Description: Job SummaryWe currently have a vacancy for a relief Service Manager (Registered) for our supported living Extra Care Scheme in Croydon, Surrey. Reporting to the Operations Manager, you will be responsible for delivering best practice in social care. You will have the opportunity to use your skills in an environment where the effective management of people and processes will be critical to your future success. We offer great benefits such as: • 25 days paid holiday (inc. bank holidays). • Discounted prices in well known high street stores. • Childcare vouchers.Responsible ToRegional ManagerKey Responsibilities Your role will require you to: • Achieve branch KPIs for both service delivery and business growth/diversity. • Ensure that retention and recruitment targets are met. • Manage staff performance and development. • Effect change by reviewing and monitoring current processes to ensure continuous improvement. • Have experience working with Local Authorities (ECC)Skills & ExperienceOur ideal candidate will have a strong business management background, ideally gained from within a social care or service delivery environment, where achieving and maintaining quality standards are critical to business success. Financially and commercially aware, your proven management, communication and business skills will enable you to lead your team whilst developing excellent and productive relationships with care staff, service users and key business contacts.QualificationsIdeally NVQ Level 4 qualified and registered with CQC as a Branch Manager, however we will support you in gaining these qualifications as part of your personal development.Additional InformationWe offer great benefits, including: 25 days paid holiday (inc. bank holidays) and discounted prices in well known high street and online stores. You could make a real difference to people’s lives in your local community. This is a great opportunity to develop your career in the care industry.