Title: Integrated Healthcare Specialist  North Lancs, Sefton, Wirral
Webindex: 72301883
Company: Apodi Ltd
Description: Permanent Headcount Our client is an established leader in the field of Dermatology and attracts and retains welleducated, motivated and resultsoriented people who are eager to make a contribution to the development of the company. They are currently looking for an Integrated Healthcare Specialist to cover North Lancs, Sefton, Wirral. Job Purpose To achieve sales targets through primary care prescribing. Maximise prescribing opportunities for products within the Portfolio through creating clinical and commercial demand through Primary Care prescribers and influencers. Maximising prescribing through effective KAM and promotion to key primary care players. Manages a list of key primary care customers (predominantly GPs) and promotes our portfolio to these customers ensuring appropriate prescribing and advocacy. Informs and engages key primary healthcare stakeholders regarding the value to patients and the NHS of prescribing our portfolio. Accountable for identifying account needs and recommending business opportunities and facilitate market access prelaunch as appropriate. Accountabilities 1. Maximise prescribing of your brands through promotion to key primary care commissioners, influencers and prescribers:  Agreed target list of primary care GPs  achieve agreed coverage and frequency to achieve sales and market share targets  Develop robust KAM plans in conjunction with other relevant sales colleagues e.g. DCS, IHBL, RBM  Agree target primary care accounts and subsequent customers using KAM principles and methodologies e.g. commissioners, NHS managers, budget holders, clinical commissioning leads, prescribing leads, referral reduction service improvement lead, finance leads, public health representatives, health board members, area prescribing committees etc.  To identify and develop local primary care Key Opinion Leaders according to business needs in line with KAM plans **** Formulary/Protocol Development/Service Redesign:  Identify strategies and opportunities to improve the positioning of the Dermatology portfolio in formularies and local guidelines  Implement these plans to deliver against identified opportunities including the effective communication to primary and secondary care colleagues  Effectively promote brands to targeted decision makers with formulary/guidelines/protocols as appropriate  Ensure brands are prescribed optimally according to national/local guidelines and protocols in line with product licence  Facilitate mutually positive links between primary and secondary care which result in opportunities **** Teamwork and Collaboration:  Work closely with all sales teams to implement national/local guidelines and formularies effectively  Ensure appropriate working with other colleagues e.g. sales colleagues, marketing, medical to ensure delivery against customer expectations  Share and adopt best practice with peer group  Work closely with marketing team to proactively share competitive and customer insight to inform the **** Integrated Healthcare Specialist:  Develop high expertise and knowledge in your local health economy that ensures credibility with both internal and external customers  Share this learning with colleagues to develop shared expertise Essential:  Educated to degree level or equivalent  Full driving licence  ABPI qualification  Experience of working within NHS or pharmaceutical industry role  Above average selling skills benchmarked against Industry  Proven track record of sales  Proven track record of influencing prescribing and decision making with nonprescribers  Demonstrable successful Key Account sales experience  Proven ability in Key Account Management  Evidence of initiative, creativity, flexibility, commitment, and persistence in achievement of business objectives Desirable:  Wellards diploma or equivalent  Customer knowledge and experienced of designated territory  Experience of successful matrix team working  Knowledge of Dermatology To apply for this role please send your cv to applyapodi.co.uk or contact the resourcing team on **** **** A referral bonus of **** will be awarded when you recommend someone new to us who we then place. If this is not your ideal position then please call us to discuss other opportunities. Whilst we would like to reply individually to every application on some occasions it may not be possible to do this therefore if you have not heard from us within 7 days please assume you have not been successful on this occasion however, this does not exclude you from applying for any other relevant roles.