Title: Senior Endoscopy Nurse Job
Webindex: 72478568
Company: The Placement Group
Description: Senior Endoscopy Nurse Job Salary (Net ****  ****)  Additional Benefits 12 Month Renewable Fixed Term Contract Based in Jordan this job is an opportunity for an experienced Senior Endoscopy Nurse to join a newly built hospital located in the city of Amman. This brand new hospital which is due to open in June 2013 is located in the city centre. The hospital possess 360 degree panoramic views of the capital and will form part of a larger medical complex to include a state of the art Radiology centre, a renowned Hospital that specialises in obstetrics, gynecology and reproductive medicine and a 12 storey building also providing other medical disciplines including paediatrics and other surgical specialties. The hospital itself comprises intensive care units, emergency rooms, operation rooms, medical laboratories and a bed tower split over **** floors incorporating 800 beds. The Hospital has been designed to modern standards to give a light and spacious feeling, incorporating state of the art equipment and facilities. As the Senior Endoscopy Nurse you will oversee the management of endoscopy procedures: preparing everything for the procedure, ensuring the equipment needed is sanitized and the endoscope is cleaned properly, giving the patients IV medications, monitoring the patient during endoscopy ensuring the patient remains stable until the end of the procedure. You will handle all patient requirements, including executing tests, evaluations, routine monitoring and checkups, as well as measuring blood pressure, temperature, and administering drug plans, injections with various dosages according the set treatment plans. In return you will receive a competitive tax free salary, free medical cover, furnished accommodation, 30 days annual leave, entitlement for overtime pay at 150%, an annual vacation air ticket to point of origin, uniform & laundry services and access to recreation services. Additionally you will gain the ability to share your knowledge and experience working in an open, positive and welcoming international environment. To be considered for this job you will hold a recognised European Nursing diploma with the ability to demonstrate a strong technical and practical knowledge of endoscopy procedures based in a Hospital situated in a Western/European location. You will be proficient in written and spoken English (Arabic language is a plus) and posses strong interpersonal and communication skills, able to communicate highly complex information to a variety of people groups. You will also possess a sound knowledge of standard operating procedures, medical patient care, patient preparation and patient treatment plans. To find out more or to apply for this job, please contact Paul Read on **** **** **** or email your CV to paul.readtpgplc.com