Title: Trust Secretary
Webindex: 72342166
Company: Finegreen Associates
Description: Our client an NHS organisation is seeking to recruit an experienced Trust Secretary to oversee and develop the Trust`s governance processes and help ensure that the Trust follows the highest standards of corporate governance and complies with the Foundation Trust regulatory framework. Main Responsibilities:  Expertly advise the Board of Directors and the Council of Governors on their roles, ensuring the smooth administration of meetings and effective communication between the various corporate areas.  Work closely with the Trust Chairman and Chief Executive to develop and improve best practice in all aspects of corporate governance within the Foundation Trust regime.  Advise the Chairman and other Board Directors, on matters of corporate best practice and hold budgetary responsibility for the Trust`s legal services.  Establish and monitor procedures to ensure that the Foundation Trust is able to comply with the requirements of the statutory and regulatory framework and its Constitution.  Provide a corporate secretariat function, which will offer administrative resource to facilitate the effective working of the Board of Directors, its Committees, and the Council of Governors.  Manage legal and constitutionally compliant arrangements for elections to the Council of Governors and the appointment of Stakeholder Governors; effectively managing the process for resignations and replacements between elections.  Successfully lead the Foundation Trust`s management of corporate records; liaise with relevant colleagues and admin leads to ensure that all relevant best practice is implemented. The ideal candidate must have:  Previous experience of working as a Trust Secretary in a Public or Private Sector organisation.  A proven track record of success in dealing with corporate governance and business conduct principles within a large organisation.  Significant experience of working at a senior level, preferably within an NHS Foundation Trust.  Excellent interpersonal, communication and facilitation skills. For more information please contact Sajid Baloch on **** **** **** To apply please send an email to victoria.newbyfinegreen.co.uk containing the job reference and your latest CV, with notes on your availability, and a cover note explaining why you are a suitable candidate for the role.