Title: Shift Lead
Webindex: 72290722
Company: Wave Advertising ltd 
Description: Shift Lead ****  **** per annum for 37.5 hours per week Based in Weymouth Rethink Mental Illness is a charity that believes a better life is possible for millions of people affected by mental illness. For 40 years we have brought people together to support each other. We run services and support groups across England that change people s lives and we challenge attitudes about mental illness. The West Dorset Recovery House based in Weymouth, heralds a new generation in acute mental health support. The service will deliver a recovery approach to service users on a very short term basis as an alternative to hospital admission. Working in partnership with Crisis Resolution and Home Treatment Teams and CMHT s, our services will be recoveryfocussed, offering effective interventions that resolve the immediate crisis, and also help people to develop coping skills through personcentred crisis contingency and relapse prevention planning e.g. Wellness Recovery Action Plans (WRAP) and peer support groups. You would be joining a dynamic new team whose roles will be fast paced and challenging at times. This will be rewarded with the opportunity to develop and shape this innovative project. The successful candidate will manage the day to day operations of the service, including developing staff rotas, overseeing referrals and providing direct support to service users, as necessary. We are looking for a well organised person with good communication skills to coach Mental Health Recovery Workers to enable them to develop their knowledge and skills. The Shift Lead must have a proven record of staff management, managing quality services, building a strong team and supporting them through periods of change. We re looking for a team worker with a sound understanding of the roles, responsibilities, referral pathways and structures of all agencies involved in responding to crisis resolution and home treatment. With a good understanding of mental illness  gained either through work or personal experience  you will be qualified to NVQ Competencies in Management Level 4 or equivalent. Closing date: 11th February 2013 To apply please click the Apply Now button below.