Title: HEOR Consultant  Healthcare  London
Webindex: 72442612
Company: Paramount Recruitment Pharmaceutical
Description: HEOR Consultant  Healthcare  London Experienced HEOR professionals wanted to join a leading global Healthcare Consultancy as a Consultant, this role will be based in London. This innovative and market leading consultancy specializes in information, services and technology for the Healthcare industry and is divided into three key divisions which are Data Analysis, Consulting and Healthcare Value Communications. They provide analytical, commercial and consulting services to pharmaceutical companies, the government, payers and financial organizations to ensure cost effective healthcare. As the HEOR Consultant you will be a senior member of a rapidly expanding and successful value communications division of HEOR experts providing well researched information and real world evidence in a wide variety of therapeutic and disease areas. You will be responsible for ensuring quality and timely customer satisfaction, providing solutions and communicating findings accordingly whilst leading a small team. Key Responsibilities: ? Design, implement and manage observational studies ? Calculate sample sizes ? Perform literature reviews, outcomes research and economics analysis ? Conduct statistical analysis ? Present to clients ? Modify reports and manuscripts The role will require you to be educated to bachelor's level within health economics or a related discipline and a Masters, MPhil or PhD would be highly beneficial, 3 years health economics and outcomes research post graduate work experience within pharmaceuticals, healthcare, health services research or academia is essential. Prior experience of surveys and related databases is a must and experience of observational studies is desirable. You should be an organized and pragmatic team player who has excellent written/verbal communication skills, attention to detail, problem solving skills and presentation skills. This multinational company is offering many benefits including focused training and a supportive, familiar and diverse working environment as well as travel opportunities, career development, competitive salaries, company healthcare, gym membership and a pension scheme for the successful candidate. Key Words  Consultancy, Biotechnology, Pharmaceutical, Healthcare, Consultancy, Consultant, Health Economics, Outcomes Research, HEOR, Value Communications, Observational Studies, Europe, UK, London For further information on the role or company please contact Amie Adams at Paramount Recruitment on **** **** **** Paramount Recruitment Limited provides services as an agency and an employment business. We regularly have similar roles in this area. Please see our website for details or send your CV in to us to find out the latest opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HEORConsultantHealthcareLondon_job****