Title: Home Care Worker Adults (Islington)
Webindex: 68708156
Company: 4Social Work
Description: Home Care Worker Adults (Islington) ****Social Work has an exciting Home Care Worker position that has become available within the Adult Community Care services. We are seeking a skilled and motivated individual to work within a challenging yet rewarding role for our client based in the Islington This role is an ongoing position however you are required to work weekends and various shifts. The Client has asked for Male workers only. Job Description: • To provide support and care to clients in their own home. • To provide a sensitive, specialist, and expert care for clients suffering with a range of conditions from learning disabilites, Alzheimer’s, Dementia or clients who are recovering from surgery or an accident. • To help with administering medication where needed, changing dressings or pads, assisting with toileting and washing. • To help to prepare breakfast, lunch and or dinner. • To help the client in and out of bed, to dress and to do the laundry. • If required to collect the clients prescription, pension and shopping. • To provide care this focuses on the needs of the client but also promotes independence and choices and maximises the quality of life for the client. • To be thoughtful of the clients emotional, physical and spiritual needs. To be respectful of the clients home and ensure that the client feels relaxed and comfortable. • To build a trusting and understanding relationship with the clients and relatives. Personal Specification: • To have at least one years experience working as a homecare worker with adults. • Have current Health Safety, First Aid, Food Hygiene and Manual handling training. please note training is only valid for 12 months • To ensure that you have your disposable aprons and gloves with you when you attend each clients house. • You must be flexible and be able to work weekends, early, late and night shifts. Please be aware some can be as early as ****:00am and some as late as ****:00pm. This role is starting as a trial but if you perform well and the manager feels you have the correct skills and are sutiable for the service users you may be asked back and included in the weekly rotas. Please only apply if you meet the criteria and are flexible. We offer • Competitive rates • Bonuses for your loyalty and referrals • Training opportunities and professional development • Full support by an expert Social Work Consultant team If you are looking for your next role, whether newly qualified or at management level, please email us your CV and job reference ASAP. If you have a friend/colleague you feel would be capable of filling this role, why not refer them and earn up to **** t c apply. Who Cares? We Do. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HomeCareWorkerAdultsIslington_job****