Title: Sister
Webindex: 71592479
Company: St Michaels Hospice
Description: Saint Michael’s is the local charity that exists to help people live with terminal illness and bereavement. One in three local people are affected by the work that we do. We are currently looking for a Sister to join our multidisciplinary team to work alongside other sisters managing and developing the In Patient Service to ensure the provision of a high level of specialist palliative care. Duties Include  Manage the day to day operations of the I n P atient U nit to ensure that effective specialist palliative care is provided for each patient on the unit.  To work with the Nursing Lead to ensur e that clinical equipment is maintained, infection control is effective, clinical audit is carried out, satisfactory levels of health and safety are maintained on the in patient unit, duty rotas are maintained and other areas of responsibility, are carried out.  To work with the Head of In Patient Services and Senior Sister to recruit, motivate and monitor patient care staff as required in an empowering management style, to enable staff to effectively contribute to the care being provided within the I n P atient U nit.  To take lead responsibility for an allocated specialist area of responsibility ensuring that the Hospice meets its strategic, statutory and regulatory requirements in that area.  To work collaboratively with all members of the multi disciplinary team, both employed and within service level agreements, to ensure that each patient receives maximum benefit from the specialisms available. Key Skills  Registered Nurse with post registration qualification in palliative care  Good organizational skills  Excellent communication skills  Effective Management Skills  Decision making skills within a palliative care setting Successful applicants are required to provide an enhanced disclosure. Disclosure expense will be met by employer. T o request an information pack including full job description and person specification email or telephone **** **** asking for Sarah Dixon /Helen Flemming . Please note that we do not accept CVs. Completed applications to be received by **** th February 2013