Title: Clinical Research  Project Leader / Senior Project Leader Job in UK
Webindex: 71476079
Company: Flame Pharma
Description: Clinical Research  Project Leader/Senior Project Leader Job in UK (Home Based) Generous Salary and Benefits Package Flame Pharma are pleased to announce that we are currently working very closely with one of the World s largest CRO s to recruit a number of experienced Senior Project Leaders throughout Europe. If you are a Project Leader with proven experience within a CRO or Pharma and are inspired to contribute to lifesaving advances and to make a difference to many lives, this could be just the opportunity for you. With offices in more than 50 countries Worldwide and over 27 years of expertise, collaborating with Worldleading Clients, this fast paced, growing company can certainly enhance your career development. The Role: The Senior Project Leader will support a high profile strategic partnership programme with studies in phase IIIII across a broad range of therapy areas. You will use your extensive international experience to deliver high profile, full service projects within budget, quality and timeline objectives. As the leader of an international, cross functional team you will be accountable for project delivery across all regions, working closely with Portfolio Directors and senior management to maximise project profitability and ensure client satisfaction. In addition to driving projects you will also play a key role in securing new business, with input into proposals and attending bid defence meetings. The performance of the Senior Project Leader in delivering studies is also critical in securing new business from existing clients. The Person: The successful candidate will have a minimum of a Bachelor s degree in a Science related field together with a proven track record of International, full service project management, across a broad range of therapy areas. Previous CRO experience is preferred, with involvement in bid defence activities. Strong financial management and client relationship skills are essential as is a flexible attitude towards work assignments and new learning. Candidates must be willing to work in a matrix environment and must understand the value of teamwork. Travel will be required for this role. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Project Leader/ Senior Project Leader Opportunities across Europe  Contact Flame Pharma free phone on **** **** **** or calling from a mobile on **** **** or email URL removed Flame Health Associates LLP incorporating Flame Pharma operates as an Employment Agency Employment Business