Title: Lead Endoscopy Practitioner  Camden Town
Webindex: 67748483
Company: Medic International
Description: Our client is the UK's largest provider of independent healthcare, with over **** hospitals in England, Scotland and Wales. Supported by stateoftheart equipment this centre of excellence offers a high standard of acute and critical nursing care, within pleasant and comfortable surroundings. We are seeking a motivated, experienced Lead Endoscopy Practitioner to lead the team in the delivery of a consistently high standard of patient care within the Endoscopy Unit, whilst providing an equally efficient service to the Consultants. Previous experience of working at this level is ideally required, along with proven staff and resource management experience. The successful applicant will need to be able to demonstrate good interpersonal and communication skills, be acutely organised and be able to motivate themselves to good effect. Successful applicants will enjoy career development and support from a strong management team, the opportunity to work alongside expert consultants and a multi disciplinary team of other healthcare specialists, access to a dedicated professional and personal development program and experience within a highly professional working environment. The benefits of working for this company include: •Free Private Medical cover •A minimum of 25 days annual leave from the start of employment •The opportunity to join their employer contributory Pension Scheme •Gym membership Duties of the post As a Endoscopy Specialist Nurse Lead your role purpose will be to undertake and delegate the management and organisation of care provision within the Endoscopy Department while coordinating the management of the endoscopy team. Some of your core responsibilities will require you to; •Lead, monitor and assist in the delivery of patient care in the Endoscopy Unit •Implement best practice standards; Royal College Guidelines, GRS, JAG in endoscopy service delivery. •Manage the endoscopy budget and attainment of specific Key Performance Indicators. •Undertake departmental HR activities. A full job description is available upon request. Person requirements •Registered Nurse or Operating Department Practitioner with registration with the NMC or HPC (not requiring a period of Supervised Practice) •ENB 906 (or equivalent) desirable •Two years post registration Endoscopy experience •Permission to undertake employment in the UK (not requiring ?workpermit? sponsorship)