Title: Part Time Band 5 Pharmacy Technician Job Lancashire
Webindex: 46627487
Description: Part Time Band 5 Pharmacy Technician Job Lancashire PULSE Staffing has an opportunity available in Lancashire for a Band 5 Clinical Pharmacy Technician. This is a great chance for an experienced Technician to join an exceptional team and work in a highly competitive area of Lancashire. As a GPhC registered Techinican you will be providing an efficient and competent clinical service to patients, and integrate within a wellorganised and professional hospital team. We are looking for a competent Pharmacy Technician with an enthusiastic and flexible attitude, to work closely with staff members and patients with an overview of the Medicianes Management, along with checks. The successful candidate will be providing a clinical service and also checking prescriptions in the Dispensary. You will be working alongside several other pharmacists and Technicians within the department. The ideal candidate will have previous prison experience and excellent clinical knowledge. This is a longterm assignment, to start immediately, covering two days per week. Excellent rates payable. All applicants should be flexible, have excellent communication skills and recent UK Hospital experience. In return, PULSE can offer:  Excellent rates of pay  Pulse Privilege, Employee Benefits package  Various employment opportunities in your preferred geographical area  Flexible hours to meet your needs, part or full time  Free Mandatory Training  Reimbursed Criminal Record Bureau Disclosures  Recommend a Friend bonus scheme  Support and advice from an approachable, dedicated and friendly team To find out more about the opportunities available, contact our Pharmacy team today. Our client database consists of:  National Health Service & Primary Care Trusts  Private Hospitals  HM Prison Service Pulse Staffing is a NHS approved agency  Terms and Conditions apply  Please call for more information on the benefit scheme To join PULSE for this and other opportunities, please apply now. Part Time Band 5 Pharmacy Technician Job Lancashire