Title: Support Workers Leyland, Lancashire
Webindex: 59968206
Description: Job title: Support Workers Autism Location: Leyland, Lancashire Salary: ****  **** per annum (39 hours per week) The Role: My clients are currently recruiting full time Support Workers to join their dedicated team to work in Leyland and surrounding areas of Lancashire. We are seeking enthusiastic and flexible Support Workers with good communication skills to join us in supporting adults with Autism Spectrum Condition (ASC) within Leyland, Lancashire. As a Support Worker you will work as a member of a team and you will be listening to people with Autism Spectrum Condition (ASC), understanding their preferences and needs; you will work alongside people, supporting them in a range of activities, including developing independence in daily living, accessing work and leisure activities. You will be involved in household tasks, community activities and administrative procedures. The Candidate: As a Support Worker you will be keen to learn, be approachable and highly motivated in supporting and encouraging a person with Autism Spectrum Condition (ASC) to develop new skills and to lead a fulfilled and meaningful life. You will work on a rota basis including evenings and weekends. A driving licence is essential as successful candidates will need to drive a mobility vehicle for community support. To support you in your new role we offer a range of training at induction, together with ongoing learning and development opportunities. The Client: Our client is a long running charity, which has been providing support and education services to people with Autism Spectrum Condition (ASC) since **** As an organisation they pride themselves on the delivery of person centred services. All positions are subject to Enhanced CRB, clearance cost will be met by the employer. If you are interested in joining then please click 'apply now' to the link below and follow the instructions. The closing date for completed applications is 17th December 2012 at **** noon Interviews will take place on Thursday 20th December 2012