Title: Care Assistant / Community Carer
Webindex: 50881806
Description: We are recruiting for a number of Care Assistant / Community Carer vacancies for a Home Care Agency in the West Midlands. Locations: Tipton, Wednesbury, Dudley Salary: ****ph ? 10p Per Mile Fuel Allowance Care Assistant shift patterns available are between **** **** 7 days a week. You will need to be willing to work weekends. Typically in a 4 week period you would work **** of the weekends and have the other 2 off. The Role: You will visit people living in their own homes in the community and assist them with all aspects of daily living, ensuring that they maintain their comfort and dignity within their own home. This will include;  Assistance with meal preparation  Help with personal care including washing, dressing, getting up or going to bed,  General help with light domestic tasks ? vacuuming, making the bed, shopping  Assistance with mobility Full time hours are available. Care is provided between the hours of 7am ? 10pm so you will need to be available to work between these times. You will also need to be willing to work alternate weekends. Unlike many other care companies, our client pays towards petrol expenses. Mileage is paid at 10p a mile. Being a care assistant is an extremely rewarding role, where you can really make a difference to people's lives. The Candidate: As a Care Assistant you will not be required to hold any qualifications as you will have the opportunity to gain Health & Social Care Diploma qualifications, and have a good future career with excellent prospects.  Ideally you will have own transport however this is not essential. If you live within the local area (Tipton, Wednesbury, Dudley) we will consider walkers.  You must be willing to work alternate weekends  All applicants will be subject to a CRB and POVA check. The Client: Our provide the highest quality of care to: Older People, People with mental health, physical disabilities, learning disabilities as well as people with dementia & Alzheimer?s enabling each client to live as a happy and fulfilled life within the comfort of their own home Interested?? To apply for the role click 'Apply now' or send your CV to fran.stallardcoburgbanks.co.uk and you'll be considered for the first round of interviews,