Title: Optical National Trainer
Webindex: 68496969
Company: Zest Optical
Description: Optical vacancies and National Trainer based in the North East, Newcastle, Durham, and Sunderland. Zest Optical are seeking to recruit a National Trainer in the North East on behalf of one of the UK s leading providers of home eye care. A National trainer is required to cover the North East including, Newcastle, Sunderland and Durham to join one of the UK s leading providers of home eye care; they provide a mobile, home visiting optical service to those who are unable to travel to the high street. As a national trainer you will be responsible for the support, guidance and training of all Optical based field staff in your area, including Optometrists, Dispensing Opticians, and Optical Assistants. You will be the first port of call for employees that need assistance or advice and through your own dedication and knowledge ensure the development of the field based staff. Some of the duties you will be expected to perform are as follows; To carry out objective assessments using criterion referenced competency models of field based staff To facilitate the development of all field based staff in all areas of dispensing to ensure the agreed learning outcomes are transferred into measurable commercial results To facilitate the induction of new field staff to ensure the company standards of customer satisfaction and commercial activity are clearly understood using recognised teaching techniques To maintain effective means of communication at all times To carry out field based duties of field based staff on an adhoc basis as required To be competent in all areas of dispensing and patient aftercare To act as an ambassador of organised promotional events including trade shows Operate in line with company procedures, NHS guidelines and current legislation at all times Committing to the company belief of always do what is right for the patient The Selected candidate must come from an Optical training background whether in a FBDO or management capacity. You must have an up to date knowledge of optics, and enjoy supporting and guiding others. This role requires quite a lot of travelling and therefore flexibility is a must. In return for your experience you will be rewarded with an excellent salary of between **** to **** plus bonus and a company car, and with opportunities for career progression. To apply for this role please send a copy of your CV or call **** for more details.