Title: District Manager  Pest Elimination
Webindex: 72241289
Company: ECOLAB LTD
Description: District Manager  Pest Elimination Become part of our team With 20**** annualized sales of $11 billion and more than **** employees, Ecolab Inc. (NYSE: ECL) is the global leader in water, hygiene and energy technologies and services that provide and protect clean water, safe food, abundant energy and healthy environments. Ecolab delivers comprehensive programs and services to the food, energy, healthcare, industrial and hospitality markets in more than 160 countries. District Manager  Pest Elimination Salary depending on experience  bonus  company vehicle The Role An exciting opportunity has arisen for a District Manager to manage a team in our London East District. This is very much a managerial role that requires the ability to drive and motivate a team, to take on significant levels of responsibility, to be able to work to time constraints, under pressure and under one's own initiative. The Person You will need to be a customer focused person who can demonstrate an ability to manage, coach and lead a team. You must be target driven and be able to achieve results through others. You will be highly articulate with an ability to communicate at all levels of the business from shop floor to boardroom. Individuals will also need to be able to multitask  handling staffing issues, recruitment, internal communications and customer service delivery. A situation that often results in conflict and has competing demands on time. You must also be flexible and prepared to work away from home where necessary. Essential Criteria:  Demonstrable evidence of experience in a similar management role. (at least 2 years)  Evidence of performance achievement of operational team targets.  Ability to Lead.  Ability to coach.  Experience of staff recruitment.  Full driving Licence. Desirable Criteria:  Successful manager for 5 years.  Working in or has worked in the service industry.  Pest Control Experience.  Experience of managing a team of 10 or more staff.  Can demonstrate formal management training. The Package A ****k package Bonus Scheme Company Vehicle Laptop Mobile Phone Pension Share Save Scheme This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DistrictManagerPestElimination_job****