Title: Band 6 Community Psychiatric Nurse – Adults Community Mental He  Maidstone
Webindex: 71614816
Company: Sanctuary Criminal Justice
Description: Band 6 Community Psychiatric Nurse – Adults Community Mental Health Our client has a vacancy for a Band 6 Community Psychiatric Nurse to work within an Adults Community Mental Health Team based in Kent. The pay rate for this role is **** per hour. Duties – • Making observations and documenting them using both manual and electronic methods to store information. • Administering depot treatment, and observe for signs of improvement or deterioration. • Dealing with complex mental health issues. • Dealing with multiple caseloads. • Maintain and review patient care plans and update where necessary. Requirements  • All applicants must have a RMN first level registration, valid NMC registration. • Experience of working as a CPN • A minimum of 2 years nursing experience within mental health Contact  This job is advertised by Anthony Jackson, if you are interested in this position please click below to apply now. What you can expect from Sanctuary Mental Health:  Support from a dedicated consultant with extensive mental health experience  Choice of a variety of positions throughout the UK within many specialism’s  Excellent rates of pay  Automatic job alerts tailored to your requirements and experience  PAYE or LTD company payments  Excellent Referral Scheme  **** for each successfully placed referral Sanctuary Mental Health dedicate themselves to delivering Registered Mental Health Nurses, Community Psychiatric Nurses, Registered Learning Disability Nurses, Social Workers, Advanced Mental Health Practitioners, Mental Health Practitioners, Care Coordinators and Mental Health Occupational Therapists. About Sanctuary:  Preferred supplier to **** local authorities and organisations such as the NHS, Social Services and Private Hospitals.  Specialist social work training division 'Sanctuary Training’  We have our own DBS (formerly CRB) umbrella body, including faster online DBS applications  Double winners of the 2012 national Recruiter Awards for Excellence in the 'Best Public Sector Recruitment Agency’ and 'Best Client Service’ categories  Sixtime winners of the Archant Recruitment awards