Title: Deputy Home Manager (Nursing) Oxon ****k  Oxford
Webindex: 68299716
Company: Kare Plus Agencies Limited
Description: To support the Home Manager in the effective management and administration of the home in accordance with Company policy and manual to agreed budget, and to provide a caring environment that meets the individual needs of the residents and governing body requirements, in the absence of the Home Manager. To plan, implement and supervise nursing care in designated area of responsibility.To be physically involved in the nursing care of the residents and to meet all service users’ individual needs, either personally or through delegation. To take responsibility for and effectively supervise the day to day running of the home, in the absence of the Home Manager.Person Specification: Registered General Nurse or Registered Mental Health Nurse. At least 3 years’ (or equivalent) post registration experience Genuine interest in working within a caring environment Ability to communicate effectively at all levels. Team Player Willingness to participate in vocational training programmes Satisfactory police check and check against the SOVA list (where applicable) Basic understanding of the Health and Safety at Work ActDesirable: Evidence of continuing professional development Previous experience of working with assessment and care planning Job DescriptionService Users To ensure that the standards laid down by the Home Manager are implemented at all times. To communicate on a regular basis with the Home Manager on events that occurred in his/her absence and vice versa. To ensure all service users have an equal opportunity to enjoy a friendly homely atmosphere within the establishment. To provide a planned programme of care, recorded and reviewed at regular intervals for each individual service user. To introduce and maintain standards of care to meet the total needs of each service user in accordance with Company requirements. To ensure safety of service users through regular fire drills, checking of regulations and procedures and regular inspection of firefighting equipment. To ensure service users are supported to maintain close links with the community through their relatives, friends, volunteers, clubs and other organisations. To oversee provision of care support, parties, inhouse entertainment and outings to theatres, seaside, etc. as appropriate. To ensure staff/volunteers are available for escort duties whenever possible (i.e. hospital visits, outings, shopping trips, etc).Nursing Duties To create an atmosphere which will allow opportunities to occur which will help stimulate residents to lead as full a life as possible. To be responsible for the provision of nursing care and administration of medication as prescribed by the doctor. To be responsible for safekeeping, handling and recording of drugs and their administration, as laid down by the NMC Administration of Drugs Guidelines. To ensure the provision of a wellbalanced diet for service users, paying attention to nutritional assessment, presentation and cost. Where possible, there should be some choice and flexibility. To offer suggestions and discuss improvements of care and services as appropriate. To offer counselling and consultation with residents, relatives, etc. To oversee the care planning processes and ensure that all service user records are kept uptodate and are regularly reviewed. To undertake preadmission assessments as requested by the manager or in his/her absence.Marketing To support the Home Manager to maintain full occupancy of the home within fee structure and residents’ suitability. To support the Home Manager to maintain waiting list of enquirers and follow up enquiries. To ensure that vacant rooms are clean and tidy and always available for viewing.Staff To be responsible for the management of all staff. Offer consultation and supervision to all staff on a regular basis in accordance with the Company Supervision Policy and maintain appropriate records. Develop staff skills in preparation for promotion or additional responsibilities. To ensure coverage of the home at all times, making the best possible use of staff resources. Preparation of duty rotas, as far in advance as possible, in liaison with the Home Manager.Training To assist with training needs of all staff as needed. To help identify staff training needs. To ensure staff are available to attend training courses.Building/Maintenance To ensure high standards of hygiene through the building. To ensure small repairs are carried out quickly. To promptly advise the Home Manager of necessary repairs. To offer suggestions for improvement including design, adaptation, decorations, furniture and equipment. To ensure the security of building.Administration To ensure the completion of returns for Company Head Office. To keep an uptodate inventory and stock control. To ensure budget is adhered to (cost effective management). To understand and oversee the implementation of Health & Safety at Work Act. To monitor of standards of cleaning. To ensure that the Company policy in the handling of service users’ personal and financial affairs is adhered to. To comply with safe keeping of service users’ cash/valuables as per conditions of Company’s contract of admission. To liaise with external for example Local Authority offices and Department of Health and Social Security, medical practitioners, hospitals, dentist, district nurses, chiropodist, physiotherapy, etc. To organise directly and participate in special functions as required by Home Manager and Directors. To undertake any training necessary for the completion of your duties. To attend staff and other meetings as appropriate. To undertake any other duties as and when required. To abide by all company Policies and Procedures in accordance with the Staff Handbook and Policy and Procedure File.This really is an opportunity not to be missed For further information regarding this position please forward your cv to rachel.turnerkareplus.com