Title: Medical Writer  Maidenhead ****k
Webindex: 71713242
Company: Executive Facilities Limited
Description: Our client a leading medical communications company is seeking a Medical Writer who will be responsible for producing high quality medical education and communications materials for the pharmaceutical industry and other educational bodies that consistently meet their project specification, budget and delivery schedule. You will need to maintain an uptodate knowledge of healthcare compliance guidelines, laws and standard operating procedures and ensure adherence at all times. Main duties include:  Carefully take, correctly interpret and implement a project specification/brief.  Research, write, edit and proof copy to the highest standard (scientific and grammatical) for a full range of medical education and communications materials including scientific abstracts papers, posters, oral presentations, print items, and multimedia.  Professional liaison with pharmaceutical industry key contacts, healthcare professionals and other external service providers.  Accurate/precise interpretation and incorporation of amendments.  Manage/coordinate materials through design/production to printready stage, according to standard operating procedures.  Check printer s proofs (text, layout, colour, specification) and signoff for print/production.  Provide direction for the development of creative designs.  Support the delivery of scientific meetings including premeeting and onsite activities, preparation of content, liaison with pharmaceutical industry staff, faculty, speakers and audiovisual providers. Skills and knowledge required  Educated to degree level or above in a biomedical discipline.  Good understanding of healthcare and the pharmaceutical industry.  Experience of delivering medical writing projects to specification and service delivery timelines in an agency or comparable environment.  Excellent scientific writing style and ability to adapt to target audience.  Attention to detail  style/consistency, grammar, syntax, scientific accuracy, layout and design.  IT skills (including Microsoft Office, database and internet searching).  Understanding of drug development process and regulatory guidelines. Interested? Email your CV now ****;