Title: Regional Head of Clinical Services
Webindex: 46635820
Description: Regional Head of Clinical Services Band 7 Salary up to **** Based in Central London Permanent 37.5 hours per week Our client is a national charity providing disabled children and young people with mobility equipment, the opportunity to meet with others and also training to help them gain life skills for a brighter future. They provide services in communities across the UK and have partnerships with the NHS. They are currently looking for a Regional Head of Clinical Services band 7 to join their team based in London to support the Head of Clinical and Regional Services, manage all aspects of their NHS partnerships and ensure strict adherence to the Clinical Governance report. Duties: To work closely with the Head of Clinical and Regional Services, the NHS Partnership Director. Plan and implement efficient and effective systems of work in each PCT partnership, plan and develop training for all Therapists, ensure sufficient clinical staff are recruited. Support and implement plans for clinical assessment, plan clinics regionally, manage and develop staff, ensure agreed KPIs are met, provide reports, ensure services are in line with set budgets, keep abreast of key issues and legislative changes. Essential skills for the Regional Head of Clinical Services Understanding and familiarity of Safeguarding Children, Young People and Vulnerable Adults, Equality Act, Data protection and Health & Safety. Understanding of topical physical and sensory disability issues Excellent communication, organisational and computer skills Experience required: Work experience in the NHS, Social Services or equivalent, working with disabled children/adults. Budgetary management. Qualifications: MUST be educated to degree level or have a relevant qualification. Preferred qualification would be Occupational Therapist or Physiotherapist with HPC registration. Must be able to attend events in other locations and hold a UK driving license. If you are interested in the role please forward your CV with covering letter to p.casaliedenbrown.com or call **** **** **** for further information. All applicants must be eligible to work in the UK. Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.