Title: RMN  Care Home  East Grinstead
Webindex: 71091162
Company: Appoint Group
Description: Appoint Group VacancyJob Title – Staff Nurse – RMN / RGN Location – East Grinstead (East Sussex) Salary  11.15 weekday hourly rate or 11.65 weekend hourly rate Contract: Permanent Hours: Full time 40 hours per week (**** hour shifts) We are looking to recruit a RGN / RMN on a full time permanent basis, to join an enthusiastic and dedicated care team within a Care Home based in East Grinstead, West Sussex. The service provides nursing care for older people and also has specialist facilities for adults with physical disabilities.Your main purpose is to promote the health and social well being of residents of this service through the provision of compassionate care and excellent clinical skills. You will also have a primary responsibility for supervising, motivating and supporting a small team of Support Workers.Main duties will include: Assessing nursing needs and planning/evaluating care provision.  Maintaining accurate clinical observations of the service users' condition and keep all required records of nursing care.  Communicating with service users, their relatives and coworkers. Administering drugs and treatments as prescribed with safety/accuracy and be able to assist in appraisal process of junior staff members.All applicants must have a valid NMC PIN while further post qualifications relevant to the role are desirable but not essential. The shift pattern is predominantly long days (**** hour shifts) but you will need to be flexibility to work both day and night shifts as and when required. The successful candidate will enjoy excellent working conditions, structured training and support, competitive salary, generous holiday entitlement (5.6 weeks per annum) and genuine opportunities for professional development. In the case of newly qualified staff, the company offers an excellent preceptorship. A Stakeholder pension scheme is also available.Applicants offered employment will be subject to enhanced criminal records check through the Criminal Records Bureau.Person Specification –Applicants must be either RGN or RMN trained and qualified, holding a valid PIN. More experienced nurses are ideally sought for. Prior experience of this service type is not required, as long as applicants are keen to learn and quick to pick up new skills.Applications will be held in the strictest confidence.For more information or to apply for the role please call Erin Banner on **** **** and email your CV to erin.bannerappointgroup.co.uk