Title: Nurse/Client Support Managers
Webindex: 66522336
Company: Home Care Direct
Description: The Company: HomeCareDirect (HCD) can be looked upon as a national internet based infrastructure to CQC Standards which can be used by people to be in control of their own support at home. Funding can be either private, or via a personal budget from the Local Council or PCT. HCD has been registered by the Care Quality Commission as a Care Agency for all client groups for all England since **** and can be looked on as the the Middle Way and at the fore front of personalisation for support of care for all England. Our clients still retain choice and control of who and when people come into their home to provide their support, but have the added security and peace of mind of HCD being the legal employer to CQC standards. We are looking to employ a qualified nurse who may have existing links with the local PCT and Councils and others and who has already had experience with working in the community. Overview of the Role: To visit clients at home to produce care support plans in partnership with the client and/or responsible person , in order to implement a support need often already assessed by the Local Council or PCT. To undertake home support risk assessments for both the clients and PA s Six monthly PA supervisions in the clients home Undertake annual care reviews Training of PA s to individual assessor competency to meet client needs Additional support to meet the needs of the client as an individual You will also be required to:  Undertake Preparing to Teach training in the lifelong learning sector Undertake continuing professional development (CPD) You are required to own, or have access to, car transport, and will be part of a national careathome support service to the Essential Standards Quality and Safety of the CQC. Personal Qualities: Relate well to clients and PA s, in a supporting role Have good timekeeping and meet deadlines Have good documentation and clarity of information skills Have an aptitude to promote services being provided to new and existing contacts Qualifications/Experience: You will be qualified as a nurse with a guidance minimum E Grade and have a Registered Manager certificate or be willing to work towards it Experience in the domiciliary care and health care at home industry is an advantage Membership with the Institute for Learning (IFL) General Duties: To bring ongoing quality assurance to the clients support at home to CQC standards Visiting a prospective client at home, or in hospital on behalf of HCD, to provide information and advice on the HCD system of care and support at home and undertake an assessment of need as appropriate Hours of Engagement: This is a full time position with hours of work predominantly being **** hrs / week with flexibility about when these hours are provided to meet the changing needs of the clients and of HCD. Training: You will be required to attend the necessary training as detailed from time to time by HCD to enable you to fulfil your role within HCD and to maintain your professional competency Remuneration: There is a guaranteed minimum salary of **** / year for **** hrs / week. Office At Home Equipment The following equipment, to the specification or otherwise agreement of HCD, will be required at home. These can be provided by HCD and charged at cost price and depreciated over time, but will remain the property of HCD unless payment is received by HCD. PC or Laptop Computer, Printer, Shredder, Personal Alarm Mobile Phone To apply for the role, please click the Apply button below We look forward to hearing from you.