Title: Staff Nurse  West Byfleet
Webindex: 68634332
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Are you an experienced Renal Dialysis Nurse or a general nurse who would like a career in Renal Dialysis then please read on? As a Renal Dialysis Nurse you will take ownership of care programmes for dialysis patients with end stage renal disease or acute renal failure, working closely with dieticians, counsellors and other specialists. By ensuring that care pathways are tailored to meet clinical requirements, work, family and social needs, you will help provide the stable environment, emotional support and independence patients need to achieve required outcomes. Qualifications and Skills: Registered Nurse with a current NMC pin. A Renal Nursing qualification would be a distinct advantage but not essential. Applications from nurses with a general nursing background will also be considered This is a full time role working **** hours over a 4 week period, which equates to approximately 37.50 hours per week. Days are Monday to Saturday, covering various shifts between 7am to 11pm. As a world leader in renal care, our client offers dedicated, patientcentred environments which incorporate the very latest technology. They clearly understand that providing high quality care involves much more than simply an investment in equipment and facilities. As an employer, they will always aim to develop, reward and support their staff so that you feel valued and engaged in your work. In return they will offer a competitive salary, excellent training and exceptional career prospects. There is a huge potential to develop within the business and enjoy fantastic rewards in your career. EA Clinical and Healthcare specialise in recruiting nurses and medical professionals and clinicians at all levels nationally for the commercial market. EA Clinical and Healthcare offers a variety of bespoke, national recruitment solutions to a portfolio of prestigious national clients. Please send your CV in application to pippa.gardiner N/A or call N/A for further information If you need to receive this information in an alternative format, please contact Equal Approach and we will take reasonable steps to arrange this for you. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and we actively encourage candidate applications from all sections of the community. The successful candidate may be required to undertake an Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau Check.