Title: **** x Asbestos Surveyors  Asbestos P40****ent
Webindex: 69933248
Company: Future Select Recruitment
Description: Due to expanding workload, this reputable and fast growing asbestos company that provides a broad range of professional and high quality asbestos services to clients across the UK urgently requires the services of **** x Asbestos Surveyors to work on projects in and around the Kent area. The applicant must have attained the P**** asbestos qualification and must have previous practical experience working within this role and within the asbestos arena. Responsibilities: Carrying our asbestos Management and Refurbishment/Demolition surveys on properties  commercial and industrial. Producing comprehensive asbestos reports as and when required. Building and maintaining good relationship with clients. In general, you will be an allrounder, flexible, have good communication skills, both written and verbal, have a good knowledge of the Health and Safety procedures in relation to asbestos and have the ability to work on own initiative and as part of a team. This role comes with a competitive salary, company vehicle and along with other benefits. Future Select specialize in recruiting staff in the Asbestos Industry. We currently have over a **** Asbestos clients that are looking for candidates that have from 3 months experience to people with over 20 years in the Asbestos industry. We have vacancies for Assistant Asbestos Surveyors, Basic Asbestos Surveyor, Lead Asbestos Surveyors, Asbestos Analysts, Asbestos Project Managers, Asbestos Junior Consultants, Asbestos Senior Consultants, Asbestos Laboratory Technicians, Asbestos Removal Contracts Managers, Asbestos Supervisors, and Asbestos Operations Manager to Asbestos Director level positions. We are inundated with applications, will endeavour to get back in touch, however if you have applied to Future Select and you have not heard from us after a week, on this occasion, you will not have been successful. Your details will be saved on our system and you will be contacted in the future if a vacancy matches your skills