Title: Theatre Practitioner Scrub  East Lancashire  Blackburn
Webindex: 68571181
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: JP Recruit is currently working on behalf of a prestigious private hospital in the region of East Lancashire, which currently has a vacancy for a full time Scrub Theatre Practitioner to join the Theatre team.The hospital comprises of **** theatres, a minor ops suite, 18 beds, a 7 bed day care unit and a high dependency unit. There are also **** consulting rooms based in the Outpatient Suite. Our Client provides high quality healthcare services to patients throughout Lancashire covering numerous specialities, including Colorectal Surgery, Cosmetic Surgery, ENT, Gastroenterology, General Surgery, Gynaecology, Urology, Orthopaedics, Oncology, Ophthalmology, Weight Loss Surgery and Vascular Surgery. The main purpose of this role is to ensure the standards of patient care are consistently maintained at all times, to assist senior staff in their management of Theatre and to promote and safeguard the well being of all patients.Key Accountabilities: To adhere to standard operating practices and working instructions To report discrepancies to Manager To follow hospital working instructions in the correct ordering, storage and use of controlled drugs To have knowledge of emergency procedures To maintain standards of care during the perioperative period. To plan and evaluate work carried out by junior staff. To stand in for Senior Sister/Theatre Manager when required. To maintain personal/professional development. To undertake 'oncall' sessions To attend and contribute to unit meetings To observe relevant costing process To undertake other relevant duties within your professional scope Maintain department security. To attend mandatory practical training sessions as required. To complete mandatory ELearning modules. To complete all specialist competency skills. Adhere to Health and Safety policy. Show a commitment to the quality standard accreditations, Health Quality Service and Investors in People. To be actively involved in the continuous education of staff To update standard operating practices and working instructions To assist with appraisals To plan and evaluate work carried out by junior and ODP training staff. To adhere to HTM **** 2010 Guidelines of Decontamination of Reusable Medical Devices Knowledge / Skills / Qualifications: RGN or post E/N conversion course ODP Practitioner Post Registration clinical course Teaching assessing qualification equivalent to ENB998 This is a fantastic opportunity for a highly committed and motivated team player to develop a career with a reputable private healthcare organisation which offers its employees a pleasant and supportive working environment, training opportunities and competitive salary circa of up to **** and a competitive benefits package.To discuss this vacancy in more detail, please contact Zoe at JP Recruit on tel. N/A or email your CV to zoe N/A .ukAlternatively, click on the link below to apply for this job online.