Title: Children and Family Support Worker
Webindex: 71430125
Company: Outcomes UK Limited
Description: Core Children Services provides a range of integrated services that are locally based to children and their families, working in partnership with Local Authorities, Trusts, organisations and families throughout the UK. The services for children and families are designed to be flexible and meet the needs of customers, whilst maintaining the ethos of a truly child centred organisation. We are looking for a Children and Family Support Worker to join our team in Salisbury on a fixed term basis for 6 months. This post is for 35 hours per week which will include evening and weekend work and work cover the Salisbury and surrounding areas. Some of the primary tasks would include:  To support children and young people on an individual or group basis in a flexible and creative way through a variety of activities and events Working with children/young people who are not in full time education Providing children with alternative education provision and life skills work. The ideal candidate must have proven experience of working directly with children/young people in a Teaching support, Youth Work or Education provision either through individual or group work. Demonstrate a sound knowledge and the application of Child Safeguarding Procedures and evidence experience of working with children with challenging behaviour in an effective and appropriate way. An advantage would be to be an experienced Residential Social Worker, Youth Worker or Child Care Professional with training or qualifications in youth or social work. This role will be covering the Salisbury and surrounding areas, due to the nature of the role; candidates must possess a full driving licence and have access to vehicle. “Outcomes UK Limited is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer” “Outcomes UK Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy” We reserve the right to withdraw this advert without notification. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ChildrenandFamilySupportWorker_job****