Title: Team Leader / Coordinator x**** (**** hours )  Taunton
Webindex: 70016203
Company: Allied Healthcare Group
Description: Saga Healthcare are one the UK’s leading healthcare staffing providers and right now we are looking for a Team Leader to join our busy enabling team based in Weston SuperMare.These roles are to mamage and overseee and package of supported living for customers with learning disabilities and will be a 20 hour weekShift participation will be required along with flexibility for 2 week nights per month, covering sickness/holiday as and when required.The day to day clinical running of continuing care clients in their area. To ensure that a skilled workforce is in place and they are able to deliver safe quality care to all continuing health care clients. Ensure that all staff supervision and professional development needs are met. Work as an effective team member by taking responsibility for assessing, planning, implementing and evaluating the day to day operational & clinical care provided to service users with complex health needs. Effectively deal with unplanned events which may impact on the Smooth running of the shift. Demonstrate the ability to manage own and others workload effectively. Communicate appropriately with a range of people in a manner that is consistent with relevant legislation, company policies and procedures. Work cooperatively within a team and ensure effective communication is actively encouraged between all disciplines. Keep accurate and complete records consistent with legislation, Policies and procedures in line with the NMC Code of Conduct. Clinical, Compliance and Training Actively support research and audit. In conjunction with Case Managers to review and update case managed continuing care plans Identify suitable Care staff and organise induction and training courses with Case Manager for package Assist and deliver training for all specialist training needs ( within skill set) Clinically supervise and appraise staff involved in CC packages only Liaise with CC consultant for operational support and case manager for clinical support Advice and support the CC consultant with any clinical issues Maintain and evidence PREP ( Post Registration Education Portfolio) Provide a high standard of evidence based care to patients in line with Allied Healthcare Policy & Procedures. Have day to day responsibility for assessing, planning , Implementing and evaluating standards of care provided in the community by Clinical Support Workers.