Title: Service Managers
Webindex: 66190253
Description: Exciting opportunity for Service Managers to work for a Housing Association to lead a newly restructured area providing frontline services to residents with support needs. This will be for a range of residents, including the elderly, learning disabilities, substance misuse and single homeless schemes. You will be responsible for implementing a highly customer focussed service to our residents, ensuring high levels of compliance with external regulators and continuously striving to improve services while balancing budget requirements and wider corporate objectives It is essential that you have strong experience of providing housing or care services with knowledge of specific customer needs within one or more of the following groups; elderly, mental health, learning disabilities and offender management. You will need good communication skills and numeracy, including understanding of budget management. A relevant professional qualification or equivalent relevant to the services and client groups you will manage is desirable. Key Accountabilities Ensure the provision of high quality housing related support and housing management services across all managed services Ensure all customers receive excellent, responsive, housing related personalised support which is flexible and results in good quality outcomes In conjunction with your Business Manager and the Care & Support finance team, set, manage and monitor budgets for all services within your management span Lead, manage, develop and motivate staff teams for your services to ensure they deliver high quality, responsive and personalised services to customers Build and maintain strong and positive relationships with local stakeholders and key partners including commissioners and relevant partnership groups Skills & experience In order to perform effectively in the role there are key skills and qualifications that you must be able to demonstrate in your supporting statement. These are: Experience of providing services to customers in a health, social housing or social care environment Line managing people, including conducting supervision and appraisals. This also includes managing remotely Experience of working with performance management as a tool for managing staff, including setting improvement targets Specialist knowledge and expertise with all specific customer groups within the post's remit e.g. one or more of  older people, homelessness, mental health, learning disability, offender management etc. Good written and oral communication and presentation skills Good level of numeracy and understanding of budgets and finances Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.