Title: Homelessness Project Support Workers
Webindex: 67949577
Company: SWIIS UK Ltd
Description: SWIIS urgently requires experienced substance misuse support workers for a number of homelessness projects in and around the Bristol area, for short and long term projects and ad hoc shifts. You will have experience of working with homelessness service users within hostel and outreach environments and of working with drug and alcohol issues. You will be offered the prospect of working varied shifts, ad hoc shifts, full time hours available, including night and weekend work. However, for the purpose of registration you will be expected to commit to a minimum of 3 shifts per week and be available at times for short notice work. Full and part time hours are available. SWIIS currently has a range of client groups who offer both full and parttime flexible hours, with opportunities to become part of a regular rota. Why SWIIS? SWIIS is a provider of quality services, led by people who have extensive knowledge of the health and social care industry and the needs of the different sectors within which we work. SWIIS offers all workers full continuous professional training, dedicated consultant and 24 hour oncall support, and flexible working opportunities to meet individual workers requirements within their skill sectors. Benefits Starting at **** per hour (dependent on the project and shift pattern). Free DBS. Free mandatory and servicespecific training. Ongoing professional update maintenance. Excellent outofhours management support. Essential requirements At least **** year of recent experience in a relevant field. Understanding and knowledge of the issues faced by service users. Creative approach to empowering service users to achieve their goals. Commitment to the care and wellbeing of service users. Dedication to continued professional and personal development. Desirable Car driver or a willingness to travel. Current enhanced CRB. Apply now If you have the skills, attitude and experience to be successful in this role, we want to hear from you today. Please submit an uptodate CV detailing a full employment and study history. SWIIS is an Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. SWIIS is an equal opportunities employer. Due to the volume of applicants, if you have not received a response from us within 14 days, please assume that you have not been successful in your application. Terms and conditions apply.