Title: Senior Practitioner Job Colchester Permanency
Webindex: 46635017
Description: Eden Brown Recruitment require a Senior Practitioner to work in Colchester, Essex. Organisation data: Children's Social Care & Youth Offending Services  Children's Social Care Role Type:: Social Care  Qualified Location: Colchester CRB requirements:: Enhanced Vacancy Justification:: Secondment Cover Additional job detailsWork address:: Stanwell House Job Title: Senior Practitioner  Permanency Directorate: Schools Children and Families The Role To provide a focus of specialist advice and professional consultation for Social Workers and contribute to the development of practice standards within the service. To bring to bear the highest possible standard of practice ability and skills to work independently within the confines of Departmental Policy and Procedures. Job Purpose To hold and sustain a caseload consisting mainly of the most sensitive, “complex and difficult” cases to which the post holder is able to bring to bear the highest standards of professional ability and a considerable depth of knowledge in relevant legislation in policy and practice methods. Key Accountabilities  Assess the needs and risks for children and identify actions appropriate to meet need and address risk.  To ensure looked after children receive an excellent service from Social Care, to undertake statutory responsibilities and ensure good outcomes for children  To be responsible and accountable for the management of children who are looked after by the Department. The focus will be to actively determine whether family reunification is possible but where this cannot be achieved to work in partnership with families to identify and provide stability within an alternative environment.  To be responsible for progressing plans within the Court arena. To undertake any actions identified as necessary by such assessments and/or investigations, including video interviewing, participation in Child Protection Conferences, implementing plans in conjunction with other professionals and Court proceedings as determined by the best interests of the child.  To maintain an up to date record of activity on case files, produce reports, attend court and give verbal presentations as required. To participate actively in case discussions, Strategy Meetings Legal Case Discussions, Child Protection conferences, Statutory Reviews  To liaise with and build up working relationships with other teams within Essex County Council, members of other statutory organisations and members of voluntary agencies.  To maintain a current and active interest and knowledge in such legislation and policy changes, research findings and practice developments, from a wide field, as are relevant to the post holders clients group responsibilities including training and other professional development opportunities.  To develop expertise in a particular area of practice which will contribute to the development of the service as a whole.  Supervising Social Workers and other staff as agreed with line managers and undertake professional mentoring of students, newly qualified staff and other staff as required.  To act as a source of advice and consultation for staff within Schools, Children & Families Services, on professional issues .such as Child Protection, Court proceedings, risk assessment.  Ensure child protection plans are implemented and reviewed.  Follow the Council's child protection procedures.  Participating in and/or chairing team meetings and deputising for the Team Manager in the daytoday running and supervision of the team when necessary.  To bring about changes and to help people to work towards and manage change. This may involve the use of personal and professional skills in counselling, and exploring feelings on an advanced as well as basic level.  Any other duties commensurate with the grade that may, from time to time be required.  Be committed to evidence based practice  Be contactable by telephone Values and Behaviours Passionate about achieving results  Takes specific action to improve team or individual performance  Agrees standards and intervenes promptly and constructively to tackle inappropriate behaviour or poor performance  Is tenacious and focused on achieving results, overcoming obstacles  Ensures team or colleagues understand what is expected of them to achieve targets Responsive to customer's needs  Monitors customer satisfaction, actively seeking feedback  Uses feedback and information to improve the way things are done  Contributes above and beyond usual expectations to meet customer needs  Takes personal responsibility for correcting problems and resolving mistakes positively  Takes action to identify and connect with disengaged customer groups Inspirational and bold in thinking and solutions  Anticipates and takes action in order to create and seize opportunities, or avoid crises in the medium term  Identifies and implements quick wins  Takes an overview of complex situations to generate new perspectives – ‘thinks outside the box'  Seeks out good practice within their field and uses it to challenge and improve what we do  Reacts positively to problems / issues, developing solutions Supportive of others' input and perspectives – working as one  Shares resources or provides support to further crossteam and/or crossfunctional working Please click apply today. Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.