Title: Paediatric Neurological Speech and Language Therapist
Webindex: 68718719
Company: The Scottish Centre for Children with Motor Impairments
Description: The Scottish Centre for Children with Motor Impairments (SCCMI) is a Grant Aided Special School funded directly by the Scottish Government. Based in Central Scotland, it is Scotland’s national establishment for the integrated education and therapy for those affected by cerebral palsy and related conditions. A range of programmes and services are offered for children and young people residing in all parts of Scotland. Under the leadership of Professor Patrick Salter SCCMI has identified a challenging and exciting agenda for the next decade to fulfil its vision. Following the appointment of Wendy Cummine, as Professional Lead for Therapy (formerly Stroke Specialist Physiotherapist in Glasgow Royal Infirmary Stroke Unit) and as part of its developmental agenda, SCCMI seeks to appoint a dynamic, progressive, positive and forwardlooking speech and language therapist to work within a multidisciplinary team to develop and deliver services to children and young people (from birth to 19 years) affected by cerebral palsy and related conditions. You will possess an honours degree in speech and language therapy and ideally hold a RCSLT approved postgraduate dysphagia qualification. Applications will also be welcomed from those who do not possess a dysphagia qualification, as SCCMI will fund and support the successful applicant to obtain this qualification. Confirmation of the applicant in the post following a probationary period will be dependent upon the achievement of this qualification. Ideally, applicants should also have experience in the field of neuropaediatrics or neurology, however, should experience in neuropaediatrics be limited and you wish to develop your career through working in a national centre related to paediatric neurology, you should be encouraged that for the right candidate substantial and targeted staff development will be committed to enhance your knowledge and skills. Such CPD may include both formal academic programmes and professionally oriented courses. To be part of SCCMI’s future, you require to be an individual who embraces change and development; will have undertaken extensive CPD; demonstrate an enthusiastic and dynamic approach; possess high professional commitment; be committed to interprofessional working; possess the skills and attributes required to mentor and develop graduate staff and support workers and have the ability and desire to contribute to research. The attractive remuneration package includes salary of ****  ****; 55 days annual leave; eligibility to continue membership of the NHS Superannuation Pension Scheme and funded CPD. Appointment is subject to satisfactory Protecting Vulnerable Groups (PVG) Scheme reference. For informal and confidential discussions or an application pack, contact: Professor Patrick Salter, Chief Executive Telephone **** **** **** Email  psaltercraighalbert.org.uk The Scottish Centre for Children with Motor Impairments is committed to equal opportunities and welcomes applications from all sections of the community. Applications for this post should be received by 9.00 am Monday 11th February 2013 Employer details: A Grant Aided Special School in Scotland offering Integrated Education and Therapy to children affected by Cerebral palsy and related conditions