Title: Project Manager (Supported Living)
Webindex: 69216174
Description: Job Title: Project Manager (Supported Living) Location: Derby, Derbyshire Salary: ****k  ****k  OnCall Allowance Our client has rapidly become a leading supported living provider that supports adults with learning disabilities to live independent lifestyles within their own homes. Care and support is designed on an individual basis to meet the needs of the Service User and to promote their independence. Due to ongoing growth and development they are currently looking to employ a Project Manager within the Derby Service to manage its supported living projects in the area. As a Project Manager you will be responsible for providing a stable and supportive environment for staff and service users, as well as ensuring that you meet all quality standards in line with internal quality frameworks, and external legislative and contractual requirements. Key Responsibilities include:  To ensure that a high quality of care and support is provided to all services users, in line with Support Plans, PCP`s and risk assessments; and in accordance with organizational standards and CQC requirements.  To promote and follow the philosophy of supported living, which seeks to promote and respect the rights to service users to lead independent lifestyle.  To linemanage team(s) of support workers ensuring that they receive appropriate leadership, support, supervision and learning and development opportunities.  To build and develop effective working relationships with internal and external stakeholders. Mandatory Requirements:  Relevant experience working in a management or supervisory role within the Social Care sector.  Relevant experience of working with adults with learning disabilities.  Experience of working with individuals that have complex needsand/or demonstrate challenging behavior.  Proven leadership abilities and experience of nurturing and developing staff teams.  A positive, proactive and enthusiastic approach.  Sound knowledge of CQC standards and best practice.  NVQ Level 3 in Health and Social Care or equivalent. Desirable Requirements:  Experience of working in supporting living.  Experience of managing dispersed staff teams.  RMA, NVQ **** Leadership & Management Award, RNLD or other equivalent relevant qualification.  Full UK driver`s license. If you meet the above requirements and are a committed individual with a passion for supporting adults with learning disabilities then they would love to hear from you. Please note that all successful applicants will need to complete an enhanced CRB check and show documented evidence of their right to work in the UK. Closing date: 18th January 2013