Title: Registered Home Manager  Nursing Home Older People  Barnsley
Webindex: 68736889
Company: Randstad Care
Description: Our client is a national organisation with an excellent reputation within the Health and Social Care Industry. An opportunity has arisen for a Registered Care Home Manager to work in a popular home with a pleasant homely environment in South Yorkshire. The role will require you to report to the Area Manager and you will hold a nursing qualification either RGN or RMN. You will be required to lead the nursing / care team and will hold overall responsibility for the management of the home, maintaining service users standard of care and monitoring performance of all staff. Meeting service users needs, giving them a purpose and chance to enjoy life, promoting their independence and ensuring care plans are followed and evaluated. Motivating staff, recruiting staff, inducting new staff, ensuring all staff receive mandatory training, supervisions and appraisals and preparing duty rotas covering a 4 week period. You will also be involved in marketing the business, showing customers around, carrying out risk assessments, maintaining adequate supplies of medication and will hold overall responsibility for health & safety within the home. You may be required to work nights, weekends or bank holidays. As a successful candidate you will have effective leadership, interpersonal, communication and organisational skills. You will have a Nursing Qualification and have experience of managing a Nursing Home with a proven track record of achieving high quality standards. This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced manager to join this professional organisation and reap the reward of providing the highest level of care . Randstad Care is the UK’s largest Health & Social Care specialist recruitment provider. With more than 60 years' experience helping nursing professionals find their ideal roles, Randstad Care is ideally positioned to help candidates find nursing jobs. For more information please contact Charlotte