Title: Nutrition Nurse  Salisbury and Winchester
Webindex: 67646644
Company: Xcellin Ltd
Description: Are You A Registered Nurse Looking For a New Direction? Looking for a role within the community? Want to further your career and focus your nursing skills? We have a vacancy for a Nutrition Nurse training patients and carers within the community This is an exciting opportunity to work with patients in the community specialising within the field of enteral nutrition. In this role you would be joining a market leading company with excellent personal growth and career development opportunities. You will be assisting patient s transition from Secondary care to primary care. You will provide predischarge training regarding enteral nutrition and provide follow up support in their home. Training will include enteral nutrition, pumps, feeds and PEG site. Our client is looking for a Nurse to cover Salisbury , Poole homes. To be considered for this important role you will a Registered Nurse (adult) that meets the following criteria; Some previous clinical experience caring for patients with enteral nutrition such as PEGs, PEJ s, TPN s or NG Tubes Community based experience is an advantage but not essential Training, coaching, teaching or mentoring others is an advantage Excellent communication skills and a team player Minimum 2 years post qualification nursing experience Full driving licence with no more than **** points To find out more please call Joanna Reed  Moreton on (Apply online only) or send your CV Salary ****  **** depending on experience NMC Registration and RCN Membership Paid for plus car, phone, lap top, private healthcare, pension scheme, bonus, 25 days holiday per year However if this is not the role for you, please take some time to consider whether you know anyone else who may be interested. If you recommend a new candidate who we then go on to find a job for, we will send you **** as a thankyou. (Terms and Conditions apply) Key Words: Community, District, Stroke, Homecare, Home Health, Complex Care, Continuing Care, Gastro or Gastric