Title: Health Care assistants  Doncaster
Webindex: 69182866
Company: Prestige Nursing
Description: Carer We are offering free high quality social care inhouse training with the opportunity to progress to Diploma level, which is recognised Nationwide. You will recieve free Uniform, gloves and other requirementsBeing a car driver is preferable as there will be more opportunities for you, however we would still welcome nondrivers in central urban Doncaster areas.We offer flexible working patterns, weekend, days, earlys, lates, nights. To fit round your personal and family life. Part time Provide a high quality of care. Respect the individuality and confidentiality of each client. To respect the client’s independence and authority and to treat them at all times with fairness and courtesy. Ensure the health, safety and welfare of their clients and themselves. To endeavour to communicate effectively should there be difficulties with language, sight or hearing. To work in a collaborative and cooperative manner with all health care professionals involved in the provision of care and to recognise and respect their contributions within the care team. Maintaining up to date reports in line with the clients care plan in the care report book. Maintain regular communication with their branch manager. Reporting The Care Staff report to the Branch Manager.c) Specific DutiesCarer duties can include; Assisting the Service User to get up and/or go to bed, at times specified in the Care Plan. Moving and handling duties which must be undertaken with due regard to Health and Safety Legislation. Washing, denture and mouth care, bathing and dealing with problems associated with incontinence, colostomy bags etc. Assisting the Service User with Personal hygiene needs Dressing and undressing Fitting callipers and surgical aids Toileting including catheter bags Assistance with eating and drinking Caring for other dependants Taking oral medication or other appropriate tasks under the supervision of the Primary Health Care Team Keeping clients company by day or sitting / sleeping in the clients home at night providing personal care as required. Assisting the client to develop, maintain and improve skills in any of the areas covered in the care plan. Assist the client with preparation of meals, or other food and / or beverages, in a manner which is consistent with his / her preferences and needs. This should be done in a manner which is safe and hygienic. Undertake cleaning duties e.g. dusting, vacuuming, sweeping, washing dishes, polishing, cleaning floors, bathrooms, kitchens, toilets etc using appropriate domestic equipment and appliances as available. Disposing of waste safely after incontinence. Waste which contains any form of body waste must be disposed of in accordance with Environmental Health regulations and placed in the appropriate sealed yellow bags. Competence / Characteristics A caring dispositionA strong sense of responsibilityGood communication skillsReliable and trustworthyUnderstand the need for and maintain confidentialityProfessional, friendly and willing disposition.Contact our office ASAP  **** ****