Title: Band 6  Community Nurse  Sheffield
Webindex: 68560511
Company: Precedo Healthcare Services Ltd
Description: What is this Advert about? Precedo Healthcare Services are looking for you as an experienced Band 6 Community Nurse to create a positive difference. You will be working within the community around Sheffield North and South through a local NHS foundation trust. Your future position The role you will have allows you the opportunity to genuinely offer support and care for those that need it and who appreciate it the most. Your typical day could include the following • Assess patients, plans and implement care in the community. • Provide skilled, professional assessment of health needs, relevant nursing care and health information to members of the community • Provides advice and maintains associated records • Carries out nursing procedures • May provide clinical supervision to other staff, students • Provides clinical leadership to the community nursing team and coordinates nursing team work loads • Works in partnership with the wider primary care team and social services to deliver quality care with an emphasis on promoting independence and rehabilitation as well as curative and palliative care Works within codes of practice and professional guidelines. Competent and effective clinical nursing skills including; •Able to promote the Public Health role •Good interpersonal skills with the ability to relate within the interdisciplinary team and across disciplines and agencies •Effective communication skills (written & verbal) •Able to function effectively as a team member and as a manager / leader •Able to act as an effective coach, mentor, preceptor and supervisor •Selfmotivated, uses own initiative and will make decisions •Able to prioritise workload (self and others) and meet deadlines •Able to manage a caseload •Able to supervise junior staff •Leadership skills •Time management and effective delegation skills •IT skills •Works well in stressful situations and able to respond effectively to challenging situations •Maintains clear and accurate records of discussions, assessments made, treatment and medicines delivered and how effective these have been •Competent, effective and up to date clinical nursing skills including •IV cannulation, IV additives and administration of IV medicines (to have received appropriate training and assessment at the Authority where the assignment is taking place before being authorised to carry out these tasks at that Authority) •Able to record an ECG •Able to demonstrate safe use of patient equipment including infusion devices •Competent in basic life support •Effective wound care •Ensure all patients and relatives are treated with respect and dignity at all times Precedo Healthcare Services are a healthcare agency which means that as a team we work around you. It also means that you will be able to gain experience in fresh and diverse environments. Our ideal candidate includes  Experience in a general medical/surgical ward or low/medium secure unit  6 months proven experience within the last 18 months  Two clinical references from your most recent and previous employer  Access to own transport which is desirable but not essential  Able to communicate effectively with the team  Flexible and happy to travel throughout the area Please note that our dedicated recruitment team do in depth checks to ensure the best candidates. This will include you being referenced, enhance CRB checked, interviewed and trained to a minimum high standard. Enhanced CRB disclosure costs to be met by the applicant. The rate of pay for this role is a minimum of ****  **** per hour dependant on shift patterns. The role is permanent but hours will vary from week to week. Interested candidates should call and ask for Adam or email to begin their application.