Title: Key Client Consultant (Account Manager, Area Sales) BLUK****
Webindex: 65120529
Company: Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd
Description: Our client is the UK’s leading dental payment plan specialist with over **** dentists and approximately 1.8 million patients across the UK. Their Sales team is based throughout the UK and constantly seeks to build relationships to support new and existing clients. They are now looking to recruit a Key Client Consultant to join them covering the Reading, Guildford and Slough area to maintain the portfolio of existing business within the area, achieving net growth of that portfolio by working with Business Generator and other field colleagues. Within the role you must establish or maintain close, productive relationships with key clients in your designated area to secure their business with the company; developing these clients to produce business growth by working to your own strategy and business plan. Employing all available devices and processes to demonstrate to clients the value of their continued relationship with us, you must record all contact in our sales system and ensure that all key clients have a fully agreed working business plan in place. With a consultative sales background, candidates should be adept at managing their own territory and be organised and focused in their approach to their work. The role requires a candidate with the ability to ask questions and adapt offerings to meet customer needs by building rapport quickly in order to cement strong and productive working relationships. Selfmotivated and success driven, you will have excellent communication and customer service skills, a good level of IT literacy and have the business acumen to write business plans and provide support to clients. Due to the nature of the role, a full UK driving licence is essential and there will be some evening and weekend work required. Closing date 25th January 2013 This is a Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd vacancy who are operating as an employment agency. Once you have clicked to apply for this vacancy, we will then send you more information on the role including a copy of the application form via email.