Title: Occupational Therapist  Military  DMRC Headley Court
Webindex: 71467370
Company: Castlerock Recruitment Group
Description: Occupational Therapist  Military  DMRC Headley Court Role: Occupational Therapist  Military  DMRC Headley Court Grade: Band 6 Location: DMRC Headley Court Start date: ASAP  ****/****/2013 Duration: 8 Months Hours required: Full Time Accommodation: May be available onsite or subsidised Brief Spec: To provide highly specialist assessment and treatment of complex patients with chronic low back pain. To provide mental health support to patients as part of their treatment. To provide specialised OT assessment as part of a weekly multidisciplinary spinal. To provide specialised OT input including comprehensive report to both admission and discharge clinics for patients attending inpatient based rehabilitation including specialised input on the 2 week chronic early spines rehabilitation group. To provide assistance with OT cover for the inpatient based spinal inflammatory arthropathy course. To be responsable for liaising with other teams within Headley Court as required to ensure efficient transfer. To communicate effectively both verbally and in reports to consultants, other team members and outside agencies. To participate with audit and training within the team. Essential Must be a member of the Chartered Society of Physiotherapists (MCSP). Must be HPC Registered. Must have relevant experience working at postgraduate diploma level in the assessment and treatment of musculoskeletal disorders, sports injuries, orthopaedic conditions, mobilisation and manipulation. Degree/Diploma in Physiotherapy and minimum of two years post graduate clinical experience in musculoskeletal disorders and must have previously held a position as a Specialist Physiotherapist Band 6 or equivalent. Evidence of Continuing Professional Development (CPD). Good IT skills Desirable Previous experience of working with MOD. Previous experience in the use of the Defence Medical Information Capability Programme (DMICP) European Computer Driving Licence (ECDL) Previous Military experience preferred, but NOT always essential as all candidates with broad base NHS experience will be considered. If the above position is not right for you, we have other locum vacancies throughout the UK within the NHS, MoD, HM Prison Service and Private sector. To find out more, contact CRG Allied Health today and join an agency with a passion for service Designated AHP Team available twentyfour/seven Excellent pay rates with clear advice Prompt weekly payment FREE Mandatory FREE CRB check (T Contributions towards CPD Cost Effective Locum Cars (subject to availability) Assistance with travel and accommodation Introduction bonuses up to **** Nationwide Opportunities Allied Health Professionals with a good track record of working in the NHS, Military and Private Sector PLEASE CONTACT US with your availability CRG are a prime supplier to the MoD Medical & Dental Services contract (UK and Overseas). Please call Hazan on Freephone: or email your CV to: