Title: Nursing Care Assistant
Webindex: 71199926
Company: Thirty Three LLP  St Monica s Trust
Description: Job title Nursing Care Assistant Location Westbury Fields  Westbury on Trym, Bristol Salary 37.5 hours per week working **** out of 3 weekends. **** per hour (basic rate) plus enhancements for weekend (42%) and night (26%) working. Typical pay would be **** based on a 37.5 hours per week including every other weekend. We are seeking Nursing Care Assistants: Full Time permanent and Bank Contracts available. Joining our Bank of casual staff allows you to choose shifts that are convenient to you and required by St Monica Trust. To find out more about Bank working, please click on the apply button below. Whatever the needs of the resident, our priority is to ensure they maintain control, choice and dignity at all times. Our Nursing Care Assistants are highly valued by our residents. Working within our nursing care homes, our teams of dedicated Nursing Care Assistants help with the day to practical things like dressing, bathing and hygiene. They provide company to our residents, help with food and getting around; they get to know residents friends and families  all of the things that contribute to a person s wellbeing and quality of life. Our residents truly value the work our Nursing Care Assistants do and tell us that it s the little touches that make people feel valued. What we re looking for: We re looking for individuals who are able to deliver a high standard of care and support to older people and people with dementia and/or disabilities. This includes attending to their personal care, social and physical needs. You ll be able to resolve problems, work in a safe and compliant manner, keep records up to date and follow basic instructions. As one resident reported, it s important to have gumption . You ll be a people focussed person with patience, flexibility and the ability to build relationships with residents and their families. You ll also be a team player  a Nursing Care Assistant tells us that team working is essential in this role  building a team bond. Experience of working with older people and/or people with dementia would be desirable. What we offer: We offer a competitive package including generous financial enhancements, a contributory pension scheme (for permanent staff), an extensive induction programme and training opportunities. We also provide free onsite parking and a subsided restaurant. And lots more Apply: For further details and to apply please click on the Apply button. Closing Date **** St Monica Trust is committed to an inclusive working environment Appointment is subject to Enhanced CRB Disclosure.