Title: Programme Manager  Medical Education / KOL development
Webindex: 70091248
Company: Apodi Ltd
Description: Permanent / Headcount position  Buckinghamshire Our client specialises in providing medical education services and consultancy to the ethical pharmaceutical industry, with a particular emphasis on brand marketing and communications. They have an impressive client list and are heavily investing in future growth. We are interested in hearing from experienced candidates from either a medical communications agency or pharmaceutical background with proven experience in the world of meetings planning or professional relations. The company is marketing driven and prides itself on developing a real understanding of the brand s priorities and how these translate into the medical education priorities which are addressed by the projects they deliver. The company s core offerings are based in medical education and typically, though not exclusively involve projects such as: KOL development Symposia planning and management Advisory board development and facilitation Healthcare media relations A variety of bespoke, print and production projects The personal qualities required of the successful applicant will be as follows: A genuine talent for, and love of, programme management. Be confident, diplomatic and an effective communicator, well able to relate easily to others at all levels, both within the company and with client organisations. Be energetic and highly selfmotivated, with the ability to organise proactively a heavy workload. Display a handson flexible approach to problems and demands, with the ability to thrive on challenge and independent working. Be fully committed to the company with the ability of assuming greater responsibilities in due course, as the role develops and expands. Excellent salary and benefits package offered. To apply for this roles please send your cv to applyapodi.co.uk or contact the resourcing team on **** **** A referral bonus of **** will be awarded when you recommend someone to us who we then place. If this is not your ideal position then please call us to discuss other opportunities. Whilst we would like to reply individually to every application on some occasions it may not be possible to do this therefore if you have not heard from us within 7 days please assume you have not been successful on this occasion however, this does not exclude you from applying for any other relevant roles.