Title: Clinical Nurse Manager ( Band 6)  Kettering
Webindex: 72187424
Company: Team 24 Ltd
Description: My client is looking for a Clinical Nurse Manager ( Band 6), you will lead and provide oversight management of the delivery of nursing services within our contracts and services. To lead and oversee the direct management of nursing services to deliver: •Client centred services •Client choice and facilitating their life style choices •Customer focused and responsive services •Solution focused responses to clients and other customers •Diversity and demonstrate anti discriminatory practice •Interfacing clinical need and lifestyle choices. •Balance of agenda’s, risk against lifestyle choice and SLA’s etc •To role model effective performance, change and quality management and outcomes delivery; creating a strong performance culture •To deliver programmes, projects, operational plans to time and specification (Providing Direction is able to foster team identity and work effectively in a collaborative, cross functional and multi disciplinary way. (Work as a team) •To insight fully coach and mentor nurses, helping to develop their professional practice in line with government guidelines and excellent clinical outcomes(Directing & Managing Others, Work as a team) This post has the following special circumstances: •Car driver and access to a car for work purposes •Regular travel where ever required •Flexible approach to hours due to possible travel and supporting the needs of colleagues and clients. About us: Team24 is a healthcare recruitment specialist which provides healthcare workers for a wide range of temporary placements, from doctors to specialist nurses across the NHS and private sectors. We pride ourselves on providing an exceptional quality of service to all in the healthcare sector, including the NHS, GP Surgeries, Mental Health Institutions, Prisons, Charities, Community Nursing, Nursing Homes, Residential Homes and the Military. We supply Nurses, Care workers, GP’s, Consultants and Homecare, on a 24 hour basis depending on when you need work. We can do this on a Temporary, Fixed Term Contract or Permanent Basis, what ever you need, when ever you need it. We work throughout the UK, supporting clients when they need us and working in partnership with them to ensure that we supply the right member of staff for their needs. As a company we are growing on a weekly basis and have numerous opportunities available in various trusts and private organisations throughout the UK, if this role isn’t what you are looking for why not send you details to our recruitment team via email recruitersteam24.co.uk or visit our website at www.team24.co.uk Thank you for your interest. Team24 is an Equal Opportunity Employer Please apply to Peterteam24.co.uk