Title: Management/Admin : Case Manager/Registered Nurse
Webindex: 69145236
Description: PULSE Community Healthcare is a leading provider of specialist Complex Care Services in individual’s own homes and communities. We deliver genuine person centred care, focused on achieving outcomes that really make a difference to people’s lives. This is your opportunity to develop and deliver a unique, innovative service based on the principles of quality, safety and best practice in a forward thinking company. We currently provide Care Packaging within the fields of Spinal Injuries, ABI, Mental Health, Learning Disabilities, MND, End of Life and Physical Disabilities, and are keen to expand their areas of expertise in an everchanging environment. As a result we are looking to recruit a Case Manager/Registered Nurse working within the Leeds location. Reporting to the Registered Manager, the Case Manager/Registered Nurse provides a service to clients which include assessments, care planning, recruiting support workers and enablement workers to assist individuals to live within their own homes and communities whatever their abilities. Maintaining relationships with existing clients and building new client relationships. A 'hands on’ operational role. Duties: •Liaising with Commissioning Managers, Health Boards, Regional Primary Care Trusts, Local Authorities, Case Managers, and Solicitors etc keeping abreast of current commissioning developments regarding the community healthcare sector. •Taking an active role in recruitment, retention and management of support workers •Ensuring that high standards of care are achieved at all times •Ensuring all staff have knowledge of current policies, procedures and guidelines in use within the Company and are fully trained and competent in the tasks necessary for the Care Package •Risk Assessing & implementing new packages •Compiling detailed care plans •Managing a caseload of Packages of Care from the initial assessment through to day to day management •Liaising with commissioners, family and friends and all professionals involved in the success of the care. •Recruit any nurses required in the team •Interview, supervise, appraise and coordinate nurses and Support Workers •Identify training needs of nurses and Support Workers •Spot Checks •Assess competencies of the staff working in the packages •Establish & maintain Workers competency files  ensuring required competencies are completed for all necessary workers. •Maintain ongoing relationship with workers, whether available to work or not. About you: •Be able to develop person centred care plans with clients •Ability to organise and prioritise own work load •Strong interpersonal skills •Good telephone manner •Strong IT skills •Undertaking comprehensive risk assessments •Experience of interviewing and coordinating nurses and support workers •Managing client relationships •Registered Nurse with a current NMC registration Band 5 •Experience in Acute or District Nursing is desirable •Working with ventilated patients •Hands on care experience •Willing to travel frequently (own car is a requirement) •Person centered approach and involvement •Service User takes priority •Non discriminatory approach •Experience required, level and degree of authority You will be confident and articulate and able to connect with people at all levels. You will need to be a registered nurse with experience in ITU/HDU. You will be determined and self motivated, possessing a positive attitude and the drive to succeed. So why choose PULSE? PULSE is listed in the Times Top 100 companies to work for We offer excellent training and orientation packages with ongoing support and career development opportunities. We also offer a wealth of company benefits including a pension scheme, private healthcare and 25 days holiday.