Title: Support Worker, Refugees, Asylum Seekers and Economic Migrants
Webindex: 69768747
Company: The Rotherham NHS Foundation Trust
Description: H**** Job Description Job Title : Family Support Worker for Refugees, Asylum Seekers and E conomic Migrants Salary: Band 3 Location : Children Young People’s Services Overall Purpose: To provide targeted support under the direct or indirect supervision of a Registered Health Visitor and in accordance with an agreed care plan to families from EU Migrant background, or Asylum Seekers . To provide language support and advocacy for this client group where appropriate to facilitate access to health and other services. Interpreting and translating Health Advice and documentation as necessary T o promote health and well being when working with vulnerable groups within the locality . To provide e arly intervention and support to mothers and families empowering them to make healthy choices following the birth of a baby and support the health and development of other children within the family as appropriate . To work in partnership with other services to deliver appropriate interventions aimed at improving family health and well being, reducing the risk of infant mortality, inc reasing breast feeding rates, reducing smoking in pregnancy , and support the optimum development of children within their home environment The post holder is expected to be flexible and to follow protocols, procedures and best working practices within a confidential environment. Any concerns should be reported immediately to the Health Visitor. Accountability: Reports to: Health Visitor Accountable to: Head of C YPS Freedom To Act : Working to organisational and occupational policies and procedures the post holder will primarily work alone with families to implement an agreed care plan. They will use their own judgement and report findings and progress back to the Health Practitioner or identified Health Visitor. Key Results Areas / Responsibilities Clinical (Directed by the Health Visitor ) To plan and organize a delegated workload to include plans for home visits, group work activities, liaison with Children’s Centres and other appropriate services which can support the family. To provide support and standard evidencebased advice on a variety of health issues to the client group the post holder is identified to work with e.g. breastfeeding, weaning, smoking cessation, oral health, promotion of speech and language, protection against infectious disease , healthy eating and budgeting. To suppor t the work of the Health Practitioner by taking an active role in a range of group activities where appropriate such as smoking cessation, breast feeding workshops, food and nutrition sessions, antenatal education and p arent baby groups, and to contribute to local activities and events to promote health related issues for the client group. To engage hard to reach groups and individuals and support them to access services . To engage parents with parenting activities. To support positive parenting to improve outcomes for children by teaching and assessing parenting skills. To assess the home environment, provide advice on home safety issues and make appropriate referrals to the Prevention of Accidents To Children at Home Scheme (PATCH) for home safety equipment To use agreed screening tools where necessary, and with training and supervision, to observe and identify development milestones of children, analyse the findings and record accurately in the child’s record. To weigh and measure babies/infants in line with the Child Health Promotion Programme guidelines and following training and supervision. To plot the results on a percentile chart and alert the Health practitioner or relevant Health Visitor to any deviations from the normal. To report any concerns to the Health Practitioner or relevant Health Visitor to enable them to undertake a further assessment and amend the care plan, or if necessary refer to an appropriate specialist service. To adhere to policies and procedures for own area of work and propose changes to policies and procedures where gaps are identified . To identify training needs to facilitate the development of knowledge, skills and positive attitudes in staff towards the identified client group. Communication To communicate effectively with families at local communit y venues and within their homes acting as a translator for health staff where appropriate. To communicate in ways that show an understanding of different cultures, religions etc. To have an awareness of barriers to communication e.g. lang uage and learning difficulties, and employ appropriate tactics to overcome these barriers. To develop and maintain regular channels of communicati on with the midwifery service, Health V isiting team, Children Centre team, multidisciplinary locality team and other partners. To support families to register with Children Centres paying particular attention to new births. To communicate information and guidance to the target group of clients the post holder is allocated to work with, e.g. breastfeeding, infant nutrition, hygiene, safety, smoking cessation etc. Information To maintain accurate and contemporaneous electronic clinical records. To provide information on Children’s Centres and take part in registering families and gaining their consent To attend clinics and events for the targeted group of parents/carers to provide information on a onetoone basis on relevant health issues and being prepared to answer questions and signpost appropriately. To take a leading role in obtain ing views on the quality of existing services to support future service development. To act at all times with particular regard for confidentiality when transferring information between staff groups ensuring that there is no breach of confidentiality as a result of his/her actions. In the course of their duties, the post holder may come into contact with confidential information that may only be shared with relevant colleagues on a need to know basis. Human Resources Provide a learning experience for students by explaining the role and allowing students to shadow. Participate in the induction of new starters by demonstrating the requirements of the jo b and teaching basic techniques, and helping them to understand the cultural background of the client group Professional Development of Self and Others To attend breast feeding training to apply knowledge and skills to promote and support an increase breastfeeding rates and the length of time women breastfeed their babies. To undertake smoking cessation training and provide advice and support to parents/carers wishing to give up smoking; refer to the smoking cessation services. To undertake Child Protection and Domestic Violence training and to apply these principals through all work with families making referrals as appropriate in collaboration with the Health Practitioner or appropriate Health Visitor . Identify personal educational and developmental requirements through the Personal Development Review and Knowledge and Skills Framework processes in order to maintain and improve knowledge and competence. To maintain up to date knowledge of relevant local and national developments and attend mandatory training required by NHS Rotherham. Participate in professional supervision ensuring safe and effective practice. Maintain a personal portfolio. Research and Development To participate in audit, benchmarking and the implementation of quality initiatives. To participate in research where appropriate. Resource Management To ensure that allocated resources are used efficiently and effectively. To obtain stocks of information leaflets and display materials as appropriate. Mental Effort Required Manage own time and workload effectively to meet objectives and deadlines. Concentration required for varied lengths of time e.g. working at a computer to complete records and reports, working with families whose first language is not English and when attending meetings and training. Emotional Effort Required On occasions, the post holder may need to deal with difficult family circumstances or situations e.g. child protection, family breakdown, isolated or depressed clients. Physical Effort Manual handling of small loads e.g. resources, leaflets, posters, display and media equipment etc to and from the workplace on a daily basis. Regular requirement to drive. Information Governance Ensure Trust Information Governance policy and best practice is followed (including confidentiality and data quality) to ensure data quality is maximised and confidentiality of information is maintained and applied to all data recorded, utilised and reported on. Working Conditions Work in a variety of settings within the locality. Potential for lone working. Regular requirement to use a VDU. Potential for physical and verbal abuse. Potential exposure to cigarette smoke, dirt, dust, smell and noise. Potential exposure to bodily fluids i.e. babies urine, faeces and vomit. General To carry out other du ties commensurate with the grading of the post and as directed by the Health Practitioner . To comply with all relevant Policies and Procedures. S taff may be required to move base temporarily or on a permanent basis, to meet service needs. Required to work flexibly to meet the needs of the service. In the context of ongoing change within the service the above represents the current priorities and requirements in relation to this post. This job description may be subject to change, but any changes will be made in consultation with the post holder. Each individual member of staff has a direct responsibility to minimise the risks of and associated with healthcare associated infections. All staff must support the infection control programme by promoting and maintaining a clean, safe environment, assist with the development, implementation and monitoring of policies and following all the principles contained within the Health and Social Care Act ****: code of practice for the prevention and control of healthcare associated infections. Ensure Trust Information Governance policy and best practice is followed (including confidentiality and data quality) to ensure data quality is maximised and confidentiality of information is maintained and applied to all data recorded, utilised and reported on. ****