Title: Home Manager Stockport ****K
Webindex: 46629736
Description: Nursing Home Manager Stockport Circa **** per annum Bonus In Touch Recruitment are working on behalf of a leading charity to recruit an accomplished RGN Nurse Manager to successfully manage their wellestablished service in Stockport, Cheshire. The Home provides specialist care packages to elderly residents with varying nursing needs including Palliative Nursing and Dementia Care needs. You will be responsible for managing a large multidisciplinary staff team where you will be involved in all aspects of staff recruitment, training and development and staff appraisals and disciplinary actions. You will have a commitment to high standards and an in depth understanding of national minimum care standards and how to implement these within a care home environment. Applicants will be Business savvy and have a comprehensive understanding of how a Nursing Home operates. To be considered for the role you MUST hold either an RGN / RMN nursing qualification and have experienced of managing a successful nursing home for a minimum of 2 years. A management qualification is essential in this role, along with strong leadership skills and a positive attitude and outlook. The role requires a Manager who can build relationships and promote the care home with outside agencies and with the community therefore all applicants are required to have strong interpersonal with the ability to communicate effectively at all levels. This is rare opportunity to join an elite care provider who can provide an excellent platform to further your career within a Senior Management role. Please do not delay and apply for this role today for immediate interview, If you would like more information about this role please click apply today. Keywords  Home Manager, Nursing Home Manager, Matron, Sister, Care Manager, Care Centre Manager, Head of Care, Clinical Lead, Home Management, Nursing Home, Nurse Manager, Cheshire, Stockport, Greater Manchester