Title: Home Care Assistants / Home Carers
Webindex: 66190273
Description: Home Care Assistant / Home Carer Jobs in Stockport, Cheshire  Full Time or Part Time and Evenings / Weekends Vacancies throughout Stockport including, Cheadle, Cheadle Hulme, Bramhall, Heaton Mersey, Heaton Norris, Heaton Moor, Gatley, Heald Green, Bredbury, Marple, High Lane, Hazel Grove, Brinnington, Romiley, Edgeley, Adswood, Offerton. **** to **** per hour  Mileage Allowance  Uniform  28 Days Paid Holiday. Full Driving Licence and own motorised transport essential We are seeking caring, warm, compassionate, committed full and part time Home Care Assistants / Home carers to join us in enabling our customers to remain in the comfort and security of their own home. We have full time and part time, evening and weekend work available. Experience is preferred however what matters more is that you have a passion to provide care for others, we will provide all the training and support required for our Home Care Assistants / Home Carers to enable them to make a difference to someone’s life and the satisfaction that brings being a Carer. We offer competitive rates of pay, flexible hours, mileage allowance, 28 days paid holiday and uniforms. Also comprehensive and ongoing training to QCF level and other specialist training, we offer continuous management support and a personal development scheme to help you achieve your goals in Care. Experience is not essential but a real passion to help others is required. CAR DRIVERS are essential with your own means of motorised transport. All successful candidates will be required to undertake an enhanced CRB and reference checks. Candidates should have the following qualities: Be kind, warm, reliable and committed. Have a passion to help others. A desire to provide and maintain a higher standard of care. Be willing and able to provide personal care, companionship, prepare meals and assist with housework and shopping. Our client is a leading provider of professional, high quality home care based in Stockport, Cheshire providing care to people in Stockport and its surrounding areas Cheadle, Bramhall, Heaton Mersey, Heaton Norris, Heaton Moor, Gatley, Heald Green, Bredbury, Marple, High Lane and Hazel Grove. Our client is one of Britain's foremost Domiciliary care providers and is part of 140 offices throughout the UK and Ireland. If you would like to know more about careers in care please don’t hesitate to apply. Health & Social Care Jobs act as a Recruitment Agency on behalf of our candidates and clients, we specialise in permanent recruitment nationally throughout the Health and Social care sectors. We are experts in Domiciliary care, Elderly, Learning Disabilities, and Social Housing recruitment and have over 10 years’ experience in the Sector, please visit our website www.healthsocialcarejobs.co.uk and view our testimonials to find out how we differ from other Recruitment Agencies and can help you with your recruitment needs.