Title: Regional Sales Manager – Medical Devices – West Midlands
Webindex: 72694441
Company: Paramount Recruitment
Description: Regional Sales Manager – Medical Devices – West Midlands A leading medical devices distributor is currently seeking an Regional Sales Manager to manage their hospital accounts across the West and East Midlands region. This renowned organisation provides a wide range of IV devices, which is sold directly into NHS hospitals. They now offer the opportunity for a successful sales individual to take a step up the career ladder and join their sales force as a Sales Manager. As a Regional Sales Manager, your responsibilities will include selling a portfolio of IV devices to NHS hospitals in Birmingham, Tamworth, Wolverhampton, Nuneaton, Coventry, Stourbridge, Nottingham, Derby and Leicester. You will be an enthusiastic sales individual who will aim to exceed sales targets and be involved in developing new business within the sales territory, in aim of maximising sales revenue. The Sales Manager will also be involved in providing technical support and will have the opportunity to develop marketing material to promote the company’s product portfolio to clients. To be considered for this role, you will have medical sales experience, preferably with IV devices, interventional radiology, interventional cardiology, surgical, haematology or urology devices. You must also have a proven track record of dealing with key opinion leaders in the NHS. You will also hold a full UK driving licence (preferably clean) as this is a field based role. This organisation is looking for a passionate Sales Manager who has strong communication and organisation skills, with a drive to exceed sales targets The successful Regional Sales Manager will receive a competitive basic salary with an excellent commission structures and bonus packages. You will also be rewarded with pension plan, private healthcare and a company car. Interested? Apply now For further information on this role and organisation, please contact Jaspreet Bajwa at Paramount Recruitment on [blocked]. Sales, Sales Manager, Area Sales, Medical Sales, Hospital Sales, Medical Devices, Hospital Equipment, Capital Equipment, Patient Monitoring, Vital Signs, Cardiology, Radiology, Monitors, Territory Manager, West Midlands, Wales, Birmingham, Wolverhampton, Birmingham, Nuneaton, Walsall, Nottingham, Derby, Leicester, Stoke, Sales Representative, Field Sales, Home Based, Healthcare, Hospital, NHS, Infusion Devices, Interventional, Surgical, Diagnostics, A&E Sales, Theatre Sales, Medical Sales Jobs Paramount Recruitment Limited provides services as an agency and an employment business. We regularly have similar roles in this area. Please see our website for details or send your CV in to us to find out the latest opportunities.