Title: Elderly Care Home Manager  Poole  Poole
Webindex: 67748388
Company: Populus Healthcare
Description: Nursing Home Manager  RGN  ****k Populus Consultants are now recruiting a Home Manager to join a wonderful nursing home situated within Poole, Dorset commutable from Bournemouth, Christchurch and other rural Dorset locations. This highly regarded home caters for the needs of frail / elderly service users and also for those with dementia. It boasts excellent facilities including en suite rooms, communal areas and beautifully landscaped gardens etc. Successful candidates will have experience working as a home manager and will have a nursing background coupled with strong clinical skills. Your primary concern will be to the service users and there will be a strong focus upon ensuring person centred care is delivered to the best possible level at all times. You will ensure the environment in the home is exemplary, homely and all clean at all times. The successful applicant will be involved in a wide range of management related tasks including ensuring CQC regulations are met, ensuring quality care is delivered at all times, safeguarding the wellbeing of all service users, staff / nurse management and team development. You will have a clear vision about how care is delivered and how homes should be developed, promoted and marketed. You will liaise with family members and be the focal point for the home for residents and families. You will oversee disciplinarians, internal investigations etc and the ensure all essential standards are met. You should display an excellent track record of staff management and development. My client seeks a personable, friendly and caring Manager with a stable background and strong knowledge of elderly care. You will manage a very good clinical team of nurses and help to ensure that the care delivered to service users continues to be delivered in an excellent fashion. This home has an excellent reputation for care in the local area and the organisation are eager to ensure this is maintained. You will join a caring, compassionate organisation whose primary aim is to ensure a high standard of life for all service users. The successful candidate will be: • Hold RGN or RMN nursing qualification • General management experience • Knowledge of quality standards • CQC legislation knowledge • Home promotion skills