Title: Training officer / Trainer
Webindex: 69805673
Company: Coburg Banks Limited
Description: Training Officer (Domiciliary Care) Salary: up to **** Location: Enfield or Edgware We are currently seeking Training Officer to join an ambitious and exciting domiciliary care provider; who specialise in care for elderly service users. The Position: This is a rewarding position that requires an experienced trainer to manage and deliver a range of social care training courses. The services that they provide are for elderly individuals so experience within this area would be advantageous. As Training Officer some of your core duties are as follows:  Develop training courses in line with the companies needs  Deliver a range of social care training courses  Maintain up to date with legal training requirements  Strategically manage your own diary  Keeping accurate training records to ensure that any and all training is updated as required. The Person: You will be an experienced training office / trainer with experience in providing training in line with the CQC mandatory requirements. You will preferably hold PTLLS, and manual handling, train the trainer qualifications and be able to provide certificated courses for a range of social care needs. The Company: My client is an established provider of domiciliary care and support services throughout the UK. They provide a full range of homecare services including; personal care, medication, domestic support, companionship and dementia care. Their aim is to provide support and assistance for people who want to live at home and maintain their independence. This position may be suitable for candidates with experience working within the following positions: Training Manager, Trainer, Registered Manager, Development Manager, Quality Assurance and Compliance. Interested? Then send us your CV and we will consider you for the first round of interviews Industry/Sector: Health Social Care  Domiciliary Care / Training This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TrainingofficerTrainer_job****