Title: Allied Health Care Professional : Optical Practice Managers Jobs in Bury St Edmunds
Webindex: 71337856
Description: Flame Health Optometry Jobs  Optical Practice Manager Job in Bury St Edmunds Flame Health Optometry is looking for a Practice Manager in the Bury St Edmunds area. There has never been a better time to join a company that can provide a solid career structure as well as an unbeatable support system to help you achieve your career aims. Optometry Benefits:  Excellent salary package which can include  Relocation and location supplements for the right candidate  Up to 29 days Holiday plus bank holidays  Excellent Bonus designed to reward levels of customer care  Sales and company profits  Staff discount card offering generous savings of up to 22.5%  Free eye test and save a massive 70% on **** pairs of glasses per year  Reimburse all of the General Optical Council's fees for retention of registration and College fees for prereg supervisors  Flexible and affordable pension arrangement to employees. Our client puts their clinicians at the heart of the business. To ensure that they stay at the forefront of the industry and to help you develop, they make sure you're given opportunities beyond holding clinics  such as supervising preregistration students, working in community schemes or managing practices. They are looking for a Practice Manager to manage, develop and grow the store team to deliver total satisfaction to their customers which will leave them feeling delighted. They will support all aspects of the store from retail to lab which will see every working day filled with variety. You'll understand the need to drive and challenge the team towards the achievement of store Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and also take responsibility for effective staff scheduling to ensure the store can meet sales demands and maximise peak hours of trading. You'll have a passion for exceeding customer's expectations as well as your own. You'll want to create an environment that encourages a sense of responsibility, accountability, involvement and ownership. You'll also take responsibility for your own personal development and they will support you with whatever step you want to take next. In return for your hard work and enthusiasm, the company will reward you with a package that is one of the best and most comprehensive in the UK. As well as a competitive salary, other options include flexible fulltime, part time or taking on a franchise of your own. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Optical Practice Manager Job Opportunities in Bury St Edmunds or the Suffolk Region  Contact Flame Health Frephone on **** **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email optometryflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business.