Title: Clinical Operations Manager  Slough
Webindex: 68310341
Company: Team 24 Ltd
Description: A Clinical Operations Manager is required for this leading private healthcare service provider (role based in Slough, Berks). Due to an extended period of organic growth, they seek a nurse manager who will work constructively and proactively in conjunction with the multidisciplinary team managers to ensure smooth service delivery. This is a central role with a leading organisation who routinely achieve 98% patient satisfaction reports. Job Summary: Manage the scheduling team (**** staff at present) and be responsible for ensuring a cost effective and logistically smart allocation of the Company’s clinical workforce. Answer clinical queries in relation to the running of the Company that may have an impact on the clinical operational and scheduling function, i.e. clinical guidance on patient medication therapeutic windows so that visits are allocated in a clinically appropriate way. Calculate in conjunction with and communicate to site teams the capacity status for each site on a daily basis. Oversee bank management (nurses, physiotherapists, occupational therapists and healthcare assistants) workforce by generating availability through continuing communication and ongoing engagement with staff on the bank. Deliver and maintain a high quality customer focused service in which patient queries are dealt with in a timely and appropriate manner, queries from client hospitals are triaged appropriately, etc. Initiate regular meetings with Managers to discuss ways of improving standards and service. Develop and implement robust processes to ensure that a high quality service is provided to both internal and external customers, i.e. patients, NHS trusts, staff, etc. This is an officebased role. It is based in a busy head office environment and involves extensive use of telephone and electronic communication with our remote teams, patients and clients. A qualified nurse is required with proven experience in a management and office based environment; to include staff deployment, team management and logistical decision making. Experience of NHS working practices is required. To apply for this excellent opportunity with a growing private organisation, please contact Ross Taylor on rossteam24.co.uk or call **** **** ****