Title: Senior Practice Development Theatre (Scrub) Practitioner  Central London
Webindex: 68568226
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Our client is a major provider of independent healthcare based in Central London; they are seeking an experienced Operating Theatre (Scrub) Practitioner to provide and facilitate continual professional development for all staff within the Theatre environment Treating the full range of medical and surgical specialities this Hospital works with the elite of the UK?s most experienced consultant surgeons and other healthcare specialists. Supported by stateoftheart equipment, this centre of excellence offers a high standard of acute and complex surgical care, within pleasant and comfortable surroundings. Successful applicants will enjoy career development and support from a strong management team and the opportunity to work alongside expert consultants and a multi disciplinary team of other healthcare specialists. You will benefit from access to a dedicated professional and personal development program and play a major part in the contribution to a highly professional working environment. The benefits (inclusive in package) of working for this company include: .Free Private Medical cover (plus option of dental and adding family members) .Gym membership; specially negotiated rates for your and your partner .The opportunity to join their employer contributory Pension Scheme .Free Life Assurance .A minimum of 25 days annual leave .Free Critical Illness Insurance cover .Interestfree season ticket loans .Cycle to work scheme .Personal Accident cover .Employee Assistance Programme .Lifestyle screening .Exclusive retail and restaurant discount schemes Medic International provides reasonably priced quality Central London accommodation for candidates who may be considering a relocation. Duties of the post To provide and facilitate continual professional development for all staff within the Theatre environment, ensuring we maintain excellent clinical practice and remain at the forefront of surgical and technological advancement. To be central to preparing Theatre staff for new service lines, developing their skills and competence in line with the Hospital. All key responsibilities assume a close working relationship with the Senior Management Team, Theatres, Endoscopy and Consultant staff. A full job description is available upon request. Person requirements .RGN or ODP, registered with the NMC or HPC (not requiring a period of Supervised Placement) .Five years post registration Operating Theatre (Scrub) experience, including two at a Senior Practitioner level. .Be in possession of, or working towards a recognised postgraduate Theatre qualification. .To hold a mentorship qualification. .Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.