Title: Clinical Psychologist
Webindex: 66943241
Company: Huntercombe
Description: Site or Unit : Huntercombe Rowan House Hospital Address : Buxton Norwich Norfolk NR10 ****RH Contracted Weekly Hours : **** Rowan House is an 78 bedded secure hospital located just outside Norwich in the village of Buxton set in beautiful grounds. It provides assessment, treatment and rehabilitation for adults who are detained under the Mental Health Act. The service caters for people with challenging behaviours, Autistic Spectrum Conditions, mental health problems and other conditions. The hospital is located in a quiet rural location but accessible to local amenities, and is situated between the small town of Aylsham, only **** miles away, and the historical town of Norwich which is 8 miles in the opposite direction. Norfolk is a beautiful county, with miles of unspoilt coastline, internationally important nature reserves, and wild lives, waterlands, picturesque market towns, and seaside resorts. We also have an international airport (Norwich) on our doorstep, giving easy access to other parts of the country and the continent. We offer an excellent staff induction programme with ongoing staff development and training opportunities for everyone. Ample free parking is available on site as individual transport will be needed due to our rural location. So as a Clinical Psychologist what do you need to do to make this happen? To make a significant contribution to the provision of psychological services. To work with the Head of Psychological Services/head of therapies to ensure the provision of psychological services designed to meet the needs of admitted patients, conduct pre and post admission assessments, and to contribute to the smooth and professional running of the department. This will include: effective development and operation of the systems that are in place for the clinical and professional supervision and support of all other staff for which the post holder has designated responsibility, including clear systems for professional appraisal and identification of CPD needs as delegated. To systematically provide high quality clinical psychology services, including implementation, monitoring and review of a range of appropriate assessment and treatment programmes. To participate in and actively contribute to Clinical Governance at and corporately as agreed. Undertake teaching and relevant research.