Title: Registered Residential Home Manager (Learning Disabilities)
Webindex: 71501335
Company: Synergy Health Recruitment
Description: Salary **** to **** dependent on experience My Client is an independent provider of specialist care facilities for adults with learning disability and associated challenging behaviours. Based in Plymp Ceredigion, we are seeking to recruit a Registered Manager for their custom built 3 bed residential service. You will be responsible for the daily management of the residential service, ensuring that all services are delivered to the highest standards. You will ensure provision of an environment which fosters and promotes the four key principles of rights, independence, choice and inclusion for all service users. Your main duties and responsibilities will be to encourage the involvement of families, friends and the wider community as appropriate including developing and promoting the use of community facilities and integrate the home and its service users into the community. You must be able to motivate, manage, support and develop a team of support staff and provide a working environment which attracts and retains high quality staff and contributes to good and effective team working. You will be able to demonstrate that you can develop and maintain professional, open and honest working relationships with external professional bodies, families of service users, cssiw, responsible individual and company directors.(local council, health and safety officers police, fire services, etc) You will be able to efficiently manage all budgets as allocated ensuring they are met, and manage the cash and payments systems in accordance with company procedures and policies. To carry out robust risk assessments. To produce a weekly and comprehensive monthly report for the care teams, families, purchasers, responsible individual and managing director. To be responsible for ensuring that the care and support services are provided to the highest standards in line with contracts, best practice and having regard to legislation and regulation. To recognise and deal with adult protection issues and the duty of care. Attend meetings and contribute to company strategy and policy making and participate in the development of the Company as a Senior manager. Develop personal skills and capabilities through ongoing training as provided by the company or elsewhere subject to company approval. Ensure evidence based practice is always used and promoted via mentoring and positive role modelling, with a hands on approach. Be accessible and take part in the on call Rota. Ideally you will hold NVQ **** award. Exciting opportunity and rewards for the right candidate