Title: Compliance Project Manager  Germany
Webindex: 72439190
Company: Paramount Recruitment Pharmaceutical
Description: Compliance Project Manager  Germany  Pharmaceutical A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an experienced Compliance professional to be part of a Global Pharmaceutical company as the Compliance Project Manager, the role will be based at the company's headquarters West Germany. This worldwide innovative research and development based pharmaceutical company is family owned and specialises in pain management, they aim to treat pain more effectively and reduce side effects. As the Compliance Project Manager you will report to the Corporate Compliance Officer and be responsible for ensuring global compliance and all related activities. You will work closely with all departments globally to identify areas of improvement for the compliance management system, compliance project and initiatives. Key responsibilities:  Develop compliance strategies  Clearly communicate compliance priorities and best practices  Review regulatory and legislative compliance  Establish global records management system  Clearly communicate records management priorities and best practices The role will require you to have an advanced legal, economics or other related degree, you must have significant compliance experience gained from the pharmaceutical industry and prior experience of records and project management is essential as is good knowledge of finance and legal regulations in Germany. You will be fluent in German and English and any additional language skills would be beneficial. You should possess excellent communication, presentation and negotiation skills whilst being willing to travel. This is a unique and exciting opportunity to work within a career driven and progressive company offering a great working environment and excellent benefits including competitive salaries, a pension scheme and a generous holiday entitlement to name a few. Key Words  Pharmaceutical, Financial, Regulatory Affairs, Legislative, Legal, Compliance, Project Manager, Records Management, Project Management, Global, International, EU, Europe, EMEA, Middle East, Africa, Australia, Latin America, North America, Asia Pacific, English, German, Germany For further information on the role or company please contact Amie Adams at Paramount Recruitment on **** **** **** Paramount Recruitment Limited provides services as an agency and an employment business. We regularly have similar roles in this area. Please see our website for details or send your CV in to us to find out the latest opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ComplianceProjectManagerGermany_job****