Title: Care Service Manager Live in Care
Webindex: 46636801
Description: Care Services Manager  Live in Complex Care Location: Lancaster  Covering the North West Salary: **** company mobile quarterly bonuses travel expenses 28 days holiday bank holidays The Role; As the care services manager you will be responsible for a team of senior and support staff, ensuring they are all following best practice whilst supporting people who have complex care needs living in their own home. The Care Service Manager will responsible for arranging their own diary and ensuring support is provided to each client as and when required. The Care Service Manager will be responsible for helping to grow the business within their area as well as servicing existing business. You will be required to meet clients, ensure they have the right care plans and risk assessments and be responsible for the recruitment and retention of all staff. The Person; The Care Service manager must be flexible to travel across the North West regions and be responsible for working overtime as and when required depending on the complexity of the care package. The Care Service Manager will be a Registered General Nurse (RGN) or Registered Learning Disabilities Nurse (RNLD) along with post qualification experience in this field. Experience of working in a leadership role before is essential as well as being reliable, resilient, selfmotivated and able to work well under pressure is crucial. Experience of working with Primary Care Trusts (PCT's) would be advantageous as this is our client's main operator of business. The Company; Our client is a fast growing national care company providing support to people in their own homes. Our client prides themselves on their holistic approach and lateral thought to a specialised community enabling people to live as independently as they can in their own home. Our client provides all staff with specialist training to ensure each service user will be receiving the highest quality service. If you are looking for a rewarding job that will change people's lives and a challenging role when you can use your clinical skills to make a difference then please 'apply now' or call Fran Stallard for an informal chat on **** **** ****