Title: Deputy Manager  Family Support Centre
Webindex: 68071776
Company: Swanstaff Recruitment Ltd
Description: Swanstaff Recruitment Ltd are an employment business and recruitment agency that have a specialist division in Family Support Services. We recently were appointed supplier to Lambeth Local Authority to run their centre in Brixton. This centre facilitates court ordered contact between families in a safe environment. We are looking for a Deputy Manager to support the existing manager and the team at the centre. OBJECTIVE OF THE ROLE To support the manager of the Family Support Centre to the complete coordination of supervised contacts with our centre in South London. PRINICIPAL DUTIES The key duties of this role are: To manage the daily workload of the Supervised Contact division, matching workers to contacts. To maintain and develop relationships with Local Authorities, social workers and service users whilst ensuring contact demands are met. Ensuring timely flow of information between Swanstaff, it’s clients and workers. To conduct Safeguarding (Warner) interviews with candidates where required. To check the content of reports submitted by Supervised Contact Worker, addressing any issues identified by these reports to the relevant channels. Liasing with service staff to improve the quality of reports where required. To write and deliver safeguarding training sessions for service staff as required, upon request of Family Support Services Manager. To resolve daily operational problems and queries efficiently and effectively. To promote a professional service at all times. To follow Swanstaff policies and procedures for the service. To provide feedback and reporting to the Centre Manager and Family Support Services Manager on a regular basis. EXPERIENCE REQUIRED We are interested in hearing from people with relevant experience and transferable skills. Experience working with local authorities, children and families and also managing or leading a team would be extremely beneficial. PLEASE NOTE Interviews for the role will be held at Swanstaff Head Office in Swanley Kent  30 Mins from central London by National Rail. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DeputyManagerFamilySupportCentre_job****