Title: Residential Support Worker / Care Worker / Support Worker
Webindex: 69169022
Company: Gemploy.com Ltd
Description: A permanent part time position for a Residential Support worker has arisen for a leading care provider in Kidderminster, Worcestershire. The role is to support people who need assistance with independent living skills/personal hygiene and encourage independence. Duties include; reporting on the well being of individuals; participate in social activities by interacting and helping with meaningful activities and interests; assist in the serving of meals and drinks where required; escort people during planned trips and social outings; monitor changes to behaviour and report to team leader; support and encourage people to undertake household chores and support the development processes and practices. Salary is pro rata. Keywords: Residential Support Worker, Residential Care Worker, Residential Child Care Worker, Residential Child Care Officer, Carer, Residential Social Worker, Care Home Worker, Kidderminster, Worcestershire. Essential: ? Genuine interest in working in a caring environment with young people ? Good communication skills ? Good team worker but able to work on own initiative ? Honest, trustworthy, reliable and flexible ? Willingness to undertake training and continue personal development ? Full driving licence ? 21 years of age or over Desired: ? NVQ level 2 3 (or expected to work to NVQ level 3) Gemploy.com is a leading provider of Online Flatfee Recruitment Services nationwide. Services offered by Gemploy.com Ltd are those of an employment agency / business. We will provide our Client with your full details, subject to their criteria, in order that they can consider whether you may be suitable for this vacancy. Your details, as submitted by you, will not be put forward for any other vacancy without your permission. By submitting your CV, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ResidentialSupportWorkerCareWorkerSupportWorker_job****