Title: Executive Assistant  London
Webindex: 67931530
Company: Apodi Ltd
Description: Permanent Role Job Purpose and Background Our client s industry brings lifesaving and lifeenhancing medicines to patients and represents innovative researchbased biopharmaceutical companies leading an exciting new era of biosciences in the UK. This role is to provide right hand support for the Communications team on all administrative matters. They will be the first point of contact for the team representing the company values with members and important external stakeholders. Principle Objectives/Responsibilities  To be the first point of contact for all queries into the Communications function handling and addressing issues where appropriate, or directing queries to the most appropriate contact  Ensure that systems and information is updated and maintained accordingly.  Organise complex diaries and travel arrangements for the team  Support the Communications Director, Head of Stakeholder Relations and Head of Policy and Public Affairs prepare and organise for meetings  Planning, organising and coordinating external meetings, team meetings and member events  Attendance at meetings if required, take minutes and follow up on actions as required  Draft meeting agendas, ensuring these are sent in a timely manner  Provide support on cross functional projects and work as part of a project team as required  Maintain and track budget spend for the function and report as appropriate  Collaborate with other Executive Assistants to ensure seamless administrative support and cover. Assist colleagues and cover absences as required. Cover on reception as required.  Design and create draft presentations, reports and items for email circulation, newsflash etc as directed and on behalf of the team, using various mediums such as, PowerPoint. This includes writing/editing text, and proof reading  To work collaboratively across the function and have a comprehensive understanding of how the function contributes to the business  Demonstrates a high degree of professionalism, initiative and independence in supporting the team on a wide variety of complex issues.  Manages the Directors post, email, voicemail and other correspondence  Ensures the Comms customer relationship management system (CRM) is up to date at all times with meeting notes, appointments, contact details, etc  To provide support for new employees, leavers, transfers, including arranging induction programmes as appropriate. Knowledge, Skills and Expertise  Educated to degree level, or equivalent  with an interest in the pharmaceutical/health sector  Ability to gather and interpret information and update systems as appropriate  Excellent oral and written skills, with experience of preparing agendas and taking minutes/actions  Excellent communication skills and the ability to communicate and establish productive relationships at all levels  A good understanding of finance and budget management  Ability to use initiative, plan ahead, proactive in problem solving, diplomatic and able to demonstrate appropriate decisions within scope of authority  Excellent skills in time management and organisation. Ability to meet deadlines and prioritise, with successful experience of working on a range of simultaneous responsibilities.  Able to work collaboratively and effectively as part of the Admin support team to improve processes and increase efficiency and ability to share experience and learning  Proficient IT literacy, including a thorough understanding of Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint. Ideally advanced skills in PowerPoint and Excel. Experience of working with Sharepoint would be a distinct advantage. Excellent salary and benefits package offered including pension and private medical insurance. To apply for this roles please send your cv to applyapodi.co.uk or contact the resourcing team on **** **** A referral bonus of **** will be awarded when you recommend someone to us who we then place. If this is not your ideal position then please call us to discuss other opportunities. Whilst we would like to reply individually to every application on some occasions it may not be possible to do this therefore if you have not heard from us within 7 days please assume you have not been successful on this occasion however, this does not exclude you from applying for any other relevant roles .