Title: Sister/ Charge Nurse  Main Theatres
Webindex: 68560879
Company: Bupa Cromwell Hospital
Description: JOIN A FORWARD THINKING HOSPITAL Are you a highly skilled enthusiastic individual, committed to providing the best care to patients and their families and looking join a forward thinking hospital investing in the future? We offer a dynamic working environment; competitive salary; excellent benefits and access to personal development opportunities. _______________ Job Summary: Bupa Cromwell Hospital is looking for a dynamic Sister/Charge Nurse to work in our Main Theatres. You will assist the Lead Nurse in the effective operational management of the department, the organisation and deliver high quality nursing care from admission to discharge and provide clinical leadership to the nursing team. Responsible for: OPERATIONAL DELIVERY  Maintain professional nursing standards in accordance with the NMC Code of Professional Conduct.  Assist the Lead Nurse with operational requirements in the delivery of a consistent, safe service in all aspects of the patient journey whilst instilling a culture of customer service throughout the nursing team.  Act as clinical resource and expert in assisting the lead Nurse in the commissioning of new services.  To manage nurses and nursing services by organising the duty rota and patient allocation according to dependency/acuity model, anticipating requirements when clinical activity increases/decreases, assisting in forward planning of absences and the effective use of temporary staff ensuring correct grade and skill mix are in place to deliver care.  To provide consistent, clear, clinical and professional leadership and act as a mentor for all staff demonstrating professional awareness and accountability in care.  Participate in the direct nursing care of patients as a clinical leader and expert.  Liaise with the Customer Services team ensuring all nonclinical needs are met including the culture, sex, race, religion, gender and any special needs of the patients.  Have an advanced working knowledge of emergency policies including cardiac arrest and fire and ensure that staff working within the department are aware of these.  Participate in the Site Lead rota ensuring appropriate cover at all times.  Deputise for the Lead Nurse. Requirements:  First level registration.  Teaching/assessing qualification.  Advanced life support.  Appropriate experience in a Senior Staff Nurse role in a Theatre setting.  Evidence of continuous professional development.  Experienced in resource management.  Experience of delivering, monitoring and evaluating training programmes with clinical staff.  Experience in clinical audit.  Experience in the development of policies and protocols to support best practice.  Experience in complaints and incident management.  Experience in risk assessment and management.