Title: Part Time Nurses  Sexual Health / Famiy Planning  Newcastle upon Tyne
Webindex: 68302184
Company: PULSE
Description: Role: Part Time Nurses – (Sexual Health / Family Planning Clinic)Location: South Tyneside – Tyne & WearSalary: ****  **** pro rataHours: Permanent, part timeSector: Private Sector (Clinic) Company Information:Our client is the UK's leading provider of sexual and reproductive healthcare services. They have network of sexual health clinics based nationwide and the UK division provides services to men and women. They are committed to providing clients with the help and advice they need to make informed choices about their health. Due to continued growth and expansion they are looking to recruit part time Nurses for their new EMU, which is due to open early 2013 in South Tyneside clinic. Interviews will be held mid January. In joining our South Tyneside Clinic you will become part of a multidisciplinary team of Doctors, Anaesthetic Staff, Nurses, Healthcare Assistants and Administrators. Role:We have two part time Nurse vacancies – one will be required to work 15 hours per week and the other will be required to work 7.5 hours per week. One Nurse will work purely in EMU and the other will work be required to work in both EMU and Surgical. Daytoday you will be working in a busy and demanding environment providing excellent clinical care and guidance to their clients at all times offering services which include, contraception, emergency contraception, pregnancy testing, unplanned pregnancy consultations, early medical abortion, abortion, vasectomy, STI testing and treatment, cervical screening, blood testing and ultrasound scanning (training provided). Ideally you will have: Worked within a Nurse led environment A keen interest or experience in gynaecology/ sexual and reproductive healthcare Postregistration experience of working in a fast paced, high activity environment to timeslotted appointments. Such as A&E, theatre, acute, labour ward, outpatients or as a practice nurse Proven ability to manage and prioritise own workload and patient case load under minimal supervision Passion for working with people and excellent communication and interpersonal skills, both verbal and written Pelvic Scanning Skills LARC Contraception In addition you will have the ability to work within a challenging and varied environment coupled with the skills to work independently and support other team members during peak times. Passion for and dedication to the role is essential in order to build excellent rapport and client trust. Being prochoice on abortion is essential. In return for this commitment, you will be provided with excellent salary and benefits package, career support, on the job training and a supportive environment for personal and professional. About Pulse: PULSE recruits health and social care professionals for temporary and permanent jobs in the UK and abroad. We are the UK’s leading independent provider of healthcare bank staff management services and also provide all kinds of specialist care packages in the home and in the community. We’re an approved supplier to the NHS and we hold contracts with NHS trusts, private hospitals, social service departments and local authorities nationwide. We also work with hospitals in Australia, New Zealand and the Middle East. If you are interested in the above opportunities, please email your cv to Melina.Boltonpulsejobs.com or call **** **** ****