Title: Clinical Nurse Associate
Webindex: 59788383
Description: Our client is the leading European provider of clinical nutrition and infusion therapy offering a unique and comprehensive range of products and services for both hospital and home settings. Through innovation they are committed to becoming the preferred partner for saving, treating and caring for chronically and critically ill patients. As a Clinical Nurse Associate you will be responsible for providing clinical and training support to Parenteral/ IV homecare patients as well as facilitating the safe discharge of enteral Patients in liaison with hospitals accounts and to provide ongoing support in the community for patients, carers and healthcare professionals. This is a field based role so there will be an expectation of travel in and around the Plymouth, Exeter and St Austell area To manage a patient caseload, fulfilling all nursing requirements. To provide a connection and disconnection service to those patients unable to complete their administration of therapy independently. To identify patient and carers training needs and undertake appropriate and suitable training to ensure safe administration of therapy. To ensure patients receive professional, individual and appropriate nursing care. To assess, plan and implement the nursing requirements of enteral patients to secure safe patient discharges into the community. Working with an established nursing team, also providing predischarge assessments/home visits and installations for this patient group. Skills and experience required: RGN Qualified A multidisciplined nursing background. Some experience of Parenteral/ Enteral nutrition would be preferred. Teaching qualification beneficial. As would any previous commercial experience The role requires working shift patterns over a five out of seven day period. Equal Approach specialise in recruiting nurses and medical professionals and clinicians at all levels nationally for the commercial market. Equal Approach offers a variety of bespoke, national recruitment solutions to a portfolio of prestigious national clients. Please send your CV in application to pippa.gardinerequalapproach.com or call **** **** **** for further information If you need to receive this information in an alternative format, please contact Equal Approach and we will take reasonable steps to arrange this for you. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and we actively encourage candidate applications from all sections of the community. The successful candidate may be required to undertake an Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau Check.