Title: Nurse Advisor  London  London
Webindex: 68300282
Company: Pulse
Description: PULSE Community Healthcare is a leading provider of specialist Complex Care Services in individuals own homes and communities. We deliver genuine person centred care, focused on achieving outcomes that really make a difference to people’s lives.At a glance:The Nurse Advisor role is to provide support and to enhance and promote better health outcomes for your branch.Reporting to the Registered / Business Manager and working collaboratively with the branch nurse you will offer advise and support the branch nurse in implementing identified changes. Your main focus is on health improvement and the implementation of best practice by identifying and reviewing the quality of care delivered. You will ensure that the branch nurse has the support, development and opportunity that they require and effectively deliver and support the care within your packages.What you will be doing:Advising and supporting the branch nurses through branch visits, reviewing client packages in order to assist our clients to live at home and within their own communities and ensuring that clients are being provided high quality care, manage any disclosed issues, for example, package dynamics and support.Providing regular supervision of the branch nurses and review and professionally develop nurse practice. You will implement best practice through audits, reviewing client files, clients homes and support staff assessment, complex care plans and supporting nurses and clients through the incident process. You will also be involved with reviewing policy and SOP’s and incidents and datix support. You will also develop and assess staff competencies, ensure that new branch nurses are safe to start and provide training where required.About you:An excellent communicator, you will genuinely enjoy talking to people, with the ability to persuade and influence. You will be confident and articulate and able to connect with people at all levels over the phone. You will be determined and selfmotivated, possessing a positive attitude and the drive to succeed. You must be happy to travel and must be a car driver for this position.This is a great opportunity for a Registered General Nurse who has some advisory or supervisory experience. Ideal candidates would be Registered General Nurses with a current NMC registration and clinical experience, ideally in Acute/ITU or HDU or in district nursing.