Title: Senior Staff Nurse  Intensive Care Unit  Central London
Webindex: 68563106
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Our client is a major provider of independent healthcare based in Central London; we are seeking a motivated, experienced Senior Staff Nurse to join their busy Critical Care Unit Treating the full range of medical and surgical specialities this Unit works with the elite of London's most experienced consultant surgeons and other healthcare specialists. Supported by stateoftheart equipment this centre of excellence offers a high standard of acute and critical surgical care, within pleasant and comfortable surroundings. Successful applicants will enjoy career development and support from a strong management team, the opportunity to work alongside expert consultants and a multi disciplinary team of other healthcare specialists, access to a dedicated professional and personal development program and experience within a highly professional working environment. The benefits of working for this company include: .Free Private Medical cover .A minimum of 25 days annual leave from the start of employment .Free Critical Illness Insurance cover .Reasonably priced quality accommodation provided .Interestfree season ticket loans and Cycle to work scheme .The opportunity to join their employer contributory Pension Scheme .Gym membership Duties of the post .You are able to supervise/ lead team of nurses and deputise Clinical Leads as required. .You are expert practitioner/ clinical resource in critical care nursing and you are willing to support and educate other members of team. .You are an expert in the care of a ventilated patient and you have an excellent working knowledge with current ventilation modes. .Experience in orientation and supervision of junior nurses, and assisting in the induction of new staff at all levels. A full job description is available upon request. Person requirements .Registered Nurse with full NMC registration (not requiring a period of supervised placement) .A minimum of three years critical care experience, one years UKbased experience is desirable .You must have recognised critical care post graduation qualification e.g. ENB 100 or equivalent and appropriate post course experience. .You have teaching and assessing qualification e.g. ENB 998 or equivalent .Permission to undertake employment in the UK (not requiring ?workpermit? sponsorship).