Title: Medical Sales Representative  South West
Webindex: 71233401
Company: 20 20 Selection Ltd
Description: Account Executive: Working on behalf of an evolving and growing pharmaceutical company, this is the place to develop your career in Medical Sales. We are seeking either an experienced Medical Sales professionals or aspiring entry level candidates to work the Devon territory. You will sell a portfolio of respiratory products to customers across the NHS including GPs, Practice Nurses, Pharmacists. Responsibilities:  To increase revenues and market share of your product portfolio through achievement of agreed targets.  To drive medication reviews at Practice levels and across the NHS utilising the appropriate influencers (e.g. GPs, PCOs, and retail pharmacists).  To influence target customers with a view to developing long term commercial partnerships.  To fully implement strategic marketing initiatives.  To identify commercial opportunities for the organisation through effective business planning and the development of financially sound business proposals. Your Profile:  Effective Negotiation Skills across a wide range of influencers within the Healthcare Industry.  Advanced selling and presentation skills.  High level of commercial acumen  Advanced Key Account Management skills  Strong business planning skills, including ability to produce business proposals/cases.  Excellent interpersonal skills with an ability to develop long term relationships at all levels across the health economy  ABPI  Ideal not essential Package: The basic salary on offer will be in line with your level of experience plus a full benefits package. This is your chance to make an impact Send you CV now and OR call us on **** **** **** to register your interest. ****:**** Selection Ltd promises to treat your application as important and will review your profile against our client s requirements. However, if you have not heard from us within 7 days please assume that on this occasion you have not been successful. Keywords: medical, sales, representative, primary care, CCG, pharmaceutical, rep, job, jobs, territory, manager, account, executive, graduate, South West, Devon