Title: Healthcare Development Manager  South West Exclusive Vacancy
Webindex: 67931408
Company: Apodi Ltd
Description: South West (Bristol, Gloucester, Hereford, Worcester) Permanent Opportunity Exclusive Vacancy Our client is a world leading healthcare company who specialises in a diverse array of products, medicines and therapies. They have a heritage like no other and remain internationally invested in research and development, offering one of the broadest ranges of healthcare treatments available. My client are seeking an experienced commercial Healthcare Development Manager within their consumer division, this role will be focused on implementing and delivering the strategy in line with key NHS Stakeholders for this market leading product. The successful applicant will have strong networks and experience within the South West with Clinical Commissioning Groups and PCT customers, the position also calls for management expertise as this role will mentor, develop and coach 2 Territory managers within the region. The responsibility of the HDM is to set the agenda for business maintaining the positive prescribing environment, influencing policy and gaining further market share. Responsibilities; Responsible for the implementation of the NHS business plan to grow market share and achieve annual targets and longer term goals.  Working closely with the third party Regional Business Manager to identify and maximise business opportunities presented by the growth in the market.  Lead/direct third party contacts to gain effective results in defined territory  Map and implement a contact strategy for clinical influencers and key healthcare networks within assigned geography.  Develop relationships with NHS Key influencers/KOL s, provide clinical, economic and health outcome data to establish the products as No **** and turn these key customers into effective advocates.  Develop business through partnership with the PCT/ CCG third party providers and gain competitive advantage for the company. Aim, partner of choice.  Ensure the company is recognised as the industry experts within the market.  Project manage ventures with key accounts to drive brand and company differentiation  Implement best in class training programs for customers. Educated to degree level with experience in a commercially focused Pharmaceutical sales role  Working knowledge of NHS influencers CCGs and PCTs.  At least 2 years experience of working with operational management with the NHS.  Ideally 5 years Pharmaceutical field sales experience.  ABPI holder.  Experience of working with Senior Decision makers within the NHS to achieve business outcomes  The ability to manage and coach Territory Managers In line with this exciting opportunity a competitive salary and benefits package is offered. Attractive salary and benefits package as expected in line with this exciting appointment are offered. Applicants will be based within the region. If you share the vision that a healthcare company should be a combination of good science, good people, and have a value based culture that is tangible throughout the organization, then please contact Apodi Ltd on **** **** or send your CV to applyapodi.co.uk. A referral bonus of **** will be awarded when you recommend someone new to us who we then place. If this is not your ideal position then please call us to discuss other opportunities. Whilst we would like to reply individually to every application on some occasions it may not be possible to do this therefore if you have not heard from us within 7 days please assume you have not been successful on this occasion however, this does not exclude you from applying for any other relevant roles.