Title: Locum Emergency Nurse Practitioners Required, Middlesex, Harrow  up t
Webindex: 71772404
Company: Merco
Description: Contract: Locum Location: Middlesex Start: February End: On going Hours: Flexible hours, Overnight sessions available. Speciality: Emergency Nurse Prescriber Pay: Up to ****/hour ENP's required for ongoing sessions at a mixture of WiC's, AE, OOH with flexible hours available. Due to increased demand we are looking for additional Emergency Nurse Practitioners to cover various sessions days and hours flexible. The successful candidate will be an experienced Emergency Nurse Practitioner. You will provide care for patients in a primary care setting from the initial history taking and clinical assessment through to diagnosis, treatment and evaluation of care and the eventual discharge of the patient. Excellent rates and packages available, please call for up to the minute information. ABOUT US: You receive a better service with Merco. We are recognised as one of the fastest growing medical recruitment agencies in the UK. We have medical jobs available across the UK with NHS and Independent sector healthcare organisations. We find work for: •Hospital Doctors •GPs •GPs w/si •FMEs •Nurse Practitioners •Practice Nurses •RGNs and RMNs •Allied Health Professionals You can choose from a broad range of locum, fixed term and permanent medical jobs in: •NHS & Private Hospitals •General Practice •Walk in Centres •Urgent Care Centres •OOH •Minor Injuries Units •HM Prisons •IDTS •Wellness Clinics You should register with Merco for your next medical job because: •You will be offered work quickly •You get paid well and you get paid weekly •You deal with just **** person  we're not a call centre •You can register with us in just a few minutes You can call us for a chat on anytime. New jobs are loaded daily onto You should contact Nicole Blackford on or or more information about this role. To apply now please complete the boxes below and press apply at the bottom of this page. We will contact you within 24 hours.