Title: Nuclear Medicine Radiographer ??? South London
Webindex: 69908508
Company: About Health Professionals
Description: Nuclear Medicine Radiographer  South London Our client has a vacancy for a Nuclear Medicine Radiographer to work in South London. This is a fulltime position with an immediate start. The pay rate for this role is **** per hour. Duties   Acting as an operator undertaking a range of static, dynamic, whole body and SPECTCT procedures as per departmental procedures and protocols and to participate fully in the operation and function of the Nuclear Medicine service.  Performing individual complex calculations for the individual dose requirement of each patient administration.  Acting as an operator as defined within the IR(ME)R 2000.This requires undertaking the full range of imaging and assay procedures as per departmental protocols.  Acting as an referrer as defined within the IR(ME)R 2000.This requires assessment of skeletal nuclear medicine imaging and making an appropriate referral for radiography in a timely way. Requirements  You must have a relevant qualification in Radiography and also have post graduate qualifications in ultrasound. Applicants must also be professionally registered in the area you wish to work and be eligible to work in the UK. Candidates applying to work in England must hold a HCPC registration. You must have a minimum of 2 years post qualifying experience within nuclear medicine. Contact  This vacancy is advertised by Joseph Hines, if you are interested in this vacancy please apply now. What you can expect from About Heath Professionals:  Support from a dedicated consultant with extensive health care experience  Choice of a variety of positions throughout the UK within many specialism's  Excellent rates of pay  Automatic job alerts tailored to your requirements and experience  PAYE or LTD company payments  Excellent Referral Scheme  **** for each successfully placed referral About Health Professionals is part of Sanctuary Personnel, the largest independently owned social work recruitment company in the UK. Our high level of commitment and support within the allied health market separates us from other agencies in the sector. About Sanctuary:  Preferred supplier to **** local authorities and organisations such as the NHS.  Specialist social work training division 'Sanctuary Training'  We have our own DBS (formerly CRB) umbrella body, including faster online DBS applications  Double winners of the 2012 national Recruiter Awards for Excellence in the 'Best Public Sector Recruitment Agency' and 'Best Client Service' categories  Sixtime winners of the Archant Recruitment awards