Title: Registered Mental Nurse  RMN  Aberdeen
Webindex: 68537727
Company: Four Seasons Health Care
Description: Site or Unit : Banks O'Dee Care Home Address : Abbotswell Rd Tullos Aberdeen Aberdeenshire AB**** ****AB Contracted Weekly Hours : **** Banks O'Dee is situated in Tullos, Aberdeen within walking distance of River Dee and some parts of the home overlook the River Dee. We have large enclosed secure garden at the back with summerhouse for residents to enjoy The home has a warm and welcoming environment and is well maintained. We have a very caring team who work hard to make everyone feel at home As a Registered Mental Nurse (RMN) what do you need to do to make this happen? Ensure the delivery of quality care  continually assessing our residents' needs and wishes, developing the service to enhance their quality of life. Encourage independence and personal choice – develop, review and update care plans to meet our clients changing physical, social and psychological needs. Positively influence the reputation of the home  communicating professionally and warmly with visitors including family, friends and other external stakeholders. Comply with all legal, regulatory and best practice guidelines – risk to all is minimised and vulnerable clients are appropriately protected. Undertake all aspects of medicine management – ensuring medicines are appropriately received, stored and administered to our clients. Promote high standards of nursing care for you and your team, actively seeking ways to improve levels of service. Take a leadership role for shifts – ensuring all staff are supervised appropriately and the shift runs in a smooth efficient manner. Take an active role in the development of yourself and others – ensure that the team's skill and knowledge levels are able to meet the changing needs of the business. Ensure medicines are appropriately received, stored and administered to our clients. Promote high standards of nursing care for you and your team, by ensuring all staff are supervised appropriately and the shift runs in a smooth efficient manner. Ensure that the team's skill and knowledge levels are able to meet the changing needs of the business.