Title: Head of Care  Dementia (RN)  Barchester  Great Yarmouth
Webindex: 68728604
Company: Barchester Healthcare
Description: We are NOW recruiting a Head of Care (Dementia) for our stunning NEW care home coming to Hopton on Sea, Norfolk. What is expected of you as a Head of Care (Dementia) (RN)? You will be responsible for the delivery of care within our Memory Lane community which provide specialist care for those with Dementia. It requires you to work closely with and support the General Manager in ensuring clinical excellence and the delivery of high standards of care within our home. You will be a confident communicator, with the passion and skills to develop and inspire a team to provide the highest level of personcentered care. You will be a Qualified Registered Nurse (RMN) and be registered with the NMC. Why join Barchester as a Head of Care (Dementia) (RN)? At Barchester we support you to develop your leadership skills before you are asked to lead a team, not after you have struggled We start by offering a nationally recognised team development qualification, followed by a level 3 management NVQ, a certificate or diploma in management studies, a degree in management and even a Masters degree. A great career pathway when combined with clinical skills development. How we're different Barchester offers a range of diverse services, from nursing and care services for older people and people living with dementia, to accommodation, supported living and community support for children and adults with a range of different disabilities. With exposure to so many different areas of nursing, you will have the opportunity to build on your clinical skills or focus on a specialist area. Benefits include:  Competitive rates of pay • Access to a structured career development path and award winning training via the Barchester Business School which offer a range of training from NVQs to Masters Degrees • Generous Annual Leave Allowance • Employer contribution to a Stakeholder pension plan • Access to Barchester's Shopping Club for hundreds of savings from retail outlets Am I the right person to work for Barchester? You'll need excellent clinical skills, combined with the ability to lead and motivate a team. A sound understanding of the Care Standards together with a Nursing qualification and current NMC registration are essential for this role. You'll have previous experience and a sound understanding of working with those with a Dementia. As a Registered Nurse (RMN) you will have maintained detailed and uptodate knowledge of the Mental Health Act. • NMC  Nursing Midwifery Council