Title: Account Therapy Specialist  Oncology and Infection
Webindex: 69266144
Company: Chemistree Solutions Limited
Description: Therapy Area: Cardiovascular and Diabetes Package: Negotiable basic salary around **** car, pension scheme, private health, bonus and incentives Territory includes: South London This is a great opportunity to join a market leading pharmaceutical company as an Account Therapy Specialist. Our client is one of the world s leading pharmaceutical companies, with more than **** people employed across the globe, an annual turnover in excess of **** billion dollars  and a wide range of innovative medicines that make a real difference in important areas of clinical need. As an Account Therapy Specialist you will be accountable for driving sales and market share growth for your brands in the local health economy (LHE), working in close partnership with both your customers and the wider team. You will play an active role in identifying and managing your accounts and engage the wider local team to work collaboratively for the brands. You will have the freedom to recommend and take opportunities to develop your business and be responsible for promotion to key NHS influencers across primary and secondary care. With a high level of therapy area expertise, insight and understanding of the NHS environment, you will identify solutions for customers and facilitate change that benefits both patients and the business. Accountabilities/Responsibilities:  Maximising prescribing of your brands through promotion to key influencers and prescribers. Produce effective plans that will deliver against both customer and local objectives. Target customers will include hospital prescriber s, specialist gp s and nurses, appropriate payors and decision makers.  Identifying opportunities and strategies to improve positioning of products in formularies and local guidelines. Implement plans to deliver against identified opportunities.  Develop a level of expertise and knowledge in your therapy area that makes you a respected expert with NHS customers  Work closely with the wider sales team to implement national and local plans and strategies Experience of working in an NHS or pharmaceutical/healthcare industry role. Proven track record of sales and business management success. A proven track record in influencing the prescribing decisionmaking process with senior NHS customers in primary and secondary care. In depth knowledge of chosen therapy area or ability to take on high volumes of new information quickly. A self starter and effective problem solver who is accountable for own actions and results The role is accompanied by an excellent package which includes a negotiable basic salary based on experience, pension, healthcare, bonus scheme and company car scheme. You should be of graduate calibre and ideally ABPI qualified. You must live on territory, have a full driving licence and be eligible for employment in the UK. To Apply If you are suitable for this position please attach your CV. Alternatively call Nigel Crabtree on **** **** Chemistree Solutions Ltd is a pharmaceutical and healthcare recruitment specialist. Simplistically the aim of Chemistree is to gain access to the very best candidates and to specifically match their needs to the needs of the client. The primary focus of Chemistree is the challenge of sourcing great talent. We believe that successful recruitment lies at the heart of business success. Keywords Medical Sales Representative, Pharmaceutical Sales Representative, Sales Representative, Sales, Representative, Account Manager, Business Manager, Innovative, Ambition, Successful, Leading, Focused, Forward Thinking, Enterprising, Teamwork, Selling Skills, Commercial, Account Management, Healthcare Development Manager, Hospital Specialist, Integrated Healthcare Specialist, NHS Liaison Manager