Title: Nurse Recruiter  Birmingham
Webindex: 70474231
Company: Team 24 Ltd
Description: We are seeking a qualified nurse to join our recruitment team as soon as possible. Due to a rapidly increasing need for high quality healthcare professionals in the West Midlands area, we are looking to employ a full time recruiter to work from our Birmingham office. The role will involve resourcing and interviewing qualified personnel as well as carrying out mandatory training and phlebotomy. In order to maintain your PIN and ensure excellent client and candidate interaction the role will also include working at one clinical shift for one of our clients each week. The ideal candidate will be currently working in a clinical role and looking to move away from this to a more clerical role. Job Purpose • To locate and interview qualified nursing personnel in line with Team24’s sales strategy. • To understand and match the needs of clients, candidates and colleagues to provide quality tailored recruitment services whilst continually meeting targets. • To provide a positive Team24 experience at all times. • To ensure that your work knowledge is kept up to date. Key Skills • Ability to multitask & prioritise • Adaptable & proactive team member • Confident problem analysis & judgment skills • Excellent attention to detail • Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) & personable • Excellent organisation and administrative skills • Flexibility with working hours during peak times • Knowledge and experience of customer service • PC literate • Relevant industry/product knowledge • Solution focused • The ability to work on own initiative. • The ability to work under pressure. Key Responsibilities • Communicate with Registrations Department to assist in the timely turnaround of candidate clearance. • Screen new candidates prior to interview to assess their suitability and eligibility. • Conduct facetoface interviews with candidates to assess their suitability and eligibility. Ensuring that all registration requirements are fully explained and that required documentation is collected. • Consult with sales teams and Team24 management to provide appropriate staffing solutions. • Deliver candidate files to the Registrations Department within 24 hours of the candidate’s interview. • Meet commitments to candidates • Proactively source potential new candidates through various sources, including the Internet, referrals, nursing schools, direct mail and job fairs. • Project a positive and professional company image at all times Please contact Peterteam24