Title: Communtiy Clinical Support Worker Bury
Webindex: 72609547
Company: Bupa Home Healthcare
Description: Passionate about making lives better, Bupa is dedicated to clinical excellence, inspiring and supporting our Clinical Support Workers to put people at the heart of everything they do. That s because with no shareholders to answer to, we re free to concentrate on the needs of our patients. And so are you. Join us and you will be well looked after too, with a great range of benefits and professional development to help you build the kind of career you ve always wanted. What we expect from you You are a customer focused individual who works well with people and will have a genuine empathy for your patients. You care about clinical excellence. You believe in the importance of the right things, done well. And you will thrive in a dynamic, fast paced environment. About the role The impact you will have on our patients lives will go far beyond care giving them independence, choice and privacy. You will get to know them, and their families, enabling you to follow personal care plans that really are as unique as every individual. Part of a clinical team responsible for maintaining the highest standards of onetoone care, you will provide the pivotal link to build close relationships between our clinical teams, patients and the families. You will work from patient s own homes, providing them and their families with clinical and healthcare support. Our patients have high level care requirements, and some are dependant on a range of clinical equipment. You will work in Bury and the surrounding towns so must be flexible to travel and also work a mixture of days, nights and weekends. We also have opportunities to join our bank and work flexible hours. You will be provided with the specific training you need therefore, enthusiasm and a willingness to learn is key. You will have a customer service background, good communication and listening skills, hold a full EU driving licence and have access to your own vehicle. About Bupa Home Healthcare With ever increasing demands on NHS resources, home healthcare is becoming an important alternative. Bupa Home Healthcare provides everything you need in professional care and expert management. We help you maintain the highest standards of patient service whilst achieving those vital performance targets. We will constantly develop your skills, provide supervised practice and a career path that will help you progress your career further. We can also help you gain recognised qualifications. The role carries an attractive salary and benefits package.