Title: Registered Nurse (RMN) HB  Barchester HC
Webindex: 68709241
Company: Barchester Healthcare
Description: What is expected of you as a Hospital Based Registered Nurse (RMN)? You are responsible to provide and supervise the delivery of high quality nursing care to patients in accordance with up to date, evidencebased professional practice and company policies. You will be responsible to assess the patient's mental, physical, psychological and social needs and draw up a care profile, which will continuously be evaluated. You will help lead a multidisciplinary shift team, supervising staff including training and development of care staff. You will be a Qualified Registered Nurse (RMN) and be registered with the NMC. Why join Barchester as a Hospital Based Registered Nurse (RMN)? As market leaders we place our residents and patients first  and our people are the best. You will benefit from a wealth of experience and as a company that places a great emphasis on investing in their people; you will have the opportunity for both personal and professional development. Barchester has its own Learning and Development Academy, giving you the freedom to develop professionally and create your own career pathway  it's just a case of high do you want to climb? How we're different Barchester offers a range of diverse services, from nursing and care services for older people and people living with dementia, to accommodation, supported living and community support for children and adults with a range of different disabilities. With exposure to so many different areas of nursing, you will have the opportunity to build on your clinical skills or focus on a specialist area. Many companies offer management programmes for those already in management positions, with most nurses expected to oversee staff or resources with no management training. Barchester, however, offers management development to staff throughout their careers. These programmes ensure that all staff, particularly nurses, are constantly supported to develop their skills. Benefits include:  Competitive rates of pay  Access to a structured career development path and award winning training via the Barchester Business School which offer a range of training from NVQs to Masters Degrees  Free uniform  Generous Annual Leave Allowance  Employer contribution to a Stakeholder pension plan  Access to Barchester's Shopping Club for hundreds of savings from retail outlets also access to 'Busy Bees' Child Care Vouchers Scheme  Subsidised health and personal accident insurance  Long Service Awards  Great working environment  Employee help line to support staff in times of need Am I the right person to work for Barchester? A sound understanding of the Care Standards together with a Nursing qualification (RMN) and current NMC registration are essential for this role. You will have previous experience in a mental health setting. You will maintain detailed and up to date knowledge of the mental health act **** (****) and you will be able to demonstrate recent and relevant clinical updating in line with PREPP. You will have awareness and understanding of National Minimum Care Standards Act and Royal Pharmaceutical Guidelines.  NMC  Nursing Midwifery Council  www(dot)nmcuk(dot)org This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegisteredNurseRMNHBBarchesterHC_job****