Title: NCD Operations Associate (Reg Submissions)
Webindex: 71233382
Company: Nicholas Howard Limited
Description: Our client, a Global and Market Leading Pharmaceutical Company, are now looking to recruit a CMC Regulatory Affairs Specialist for a **** month fixed term to start as soon as possible. The role is working within the NonClinical Development (NCD) group under the direction of the NCD Director, ensuring that the pharmaceutical sciences CMC submissions are in compliance with internal company policies and procedures prior to submission to regulatory authorities. Assisting in the management of pharmaceutical sciences electronic document management system, document control and regulatory submissions processes. The position involves actively contributing to developing, refining, implementing, and managing departmental and global R D processes and maintaining operational efficiencies. Role Responsibilities 80% Regulatory Submissions  Document / PDF editing to submission ready standards.  Responsible for final formatting and delivery of CMC components to company submissionready standard.  Contributing to maintenance of global Module **** templates (and regional specific templates) and file guides.  Carries out technical QC checks on regulatory submissions and in general ensures department compliance with relevant SOPs.  Maintains and organises all files associated with a regulatory submission both paper and electronically, using electronic document management system including, but not limited to; providing templates, scanning, organising, indexing, and archiving documentation.  Publishing submission components for internal review and signoff, and for submission to regulatory authorities. 10% Document Management and Control  Assists with development, coordination and implementation of the company pharmaceutical sciences electronic document management system.  Maintaining a central database for controlling access to documentation, both electronically and paper copy filing management system.  Ensuring successful audits of documentation practice.  Ensures all controlled documents are appropriately filed in hard and electronic filing systems.  5% Compliance and Training  5% Audits and Inspections Education Experience A Bachelor s degree in Chemistry/ Pharmacy with relevant experience in the Pharmaceutical Industry is required for this role. You must also be familiar with CMC regulatory submissions, product development, quality and regulatory guidelines and have advanced skills in Word, Acrobat and ideally Documentum.