Title: Products and Promotions Manager Medical  Bucks / Germany
Webindex: 68824767
Company: Evolve Selection Limited
Description: Our client is a world leading pharmaceutical company with an excellent track record working within the medical market. Our client currently has a very exciting opportunity working as a Product and Promotions Manager. The Role Directly responsible for effective and timely implementation of national tactical plans for the German Medical Business Unit. Working alongside the BUD and the Sales Programs Manager; the P P Manager is required to have strong operational and projectmanagement skills to ensure that the tactical programs are agreed; approved and delivered on time and to a high quality by a crossfunctional team. Role has daytoday responsibility for country promotional budget management under leadership of BUD. Also has responsibility for developing national tactical plans for the German in line with European marketing strategy in collaboration with Business Unit Director (BUD). Is core member of EAME marketing team to ensuring Nordic needs/perspective are reflected in European strategy; plans and campaign development. Reports to European Marketing Director and works closely with the Nordic Business Unit Director and European Marketing Managers. Candidate background: You will be a highly experienced Product Manager that must have worked in a commercial sales role within the pharma industry before moving into Marketing. Must have worked in a commercial sales role within the pharma industry and then moved into a marketing role Must enjoy working in the fast paced; high pressure environment Pharmaceutical experience is essential Junior marketer level; an up and coming marketer. Someone who is happy rolling up their sleeves and leading execution of the tactical plan; bright enough to develop into a more strategic position. Must have worked in a commercial sales role within the device industry and then moved into a marketing role Must enjoy working in the fast paced; high pressure environment Device/implant/equipment experience is essential Based from Marlow with extensive travel to the region (50% of the time). MUST be able to relocate to the UK; we will provide them with support to do this ABPI qualified. IT literate with strong analytical skills A current driving licence with no more than **** points. Fluent in local language and English (written verbal) Required Competencies: Selfaccountability/motivation Innovation Tenacity Drive to ensure success. Selfmotivation; persuasiveness and competitiveness Good organisational skills. Recruitment Process: **** stage process Salary up to ****K (depending on experience); 15% OTE; Car or Allowance; relocation assistance