Title: Optometrist  Liverpool  ****
Webindex: 70099876
Company: Prospect Health
Description: Our client requires candidates to have at least two years postqualification experience. Alternatively, if the candidate is previously qualified as a Dispensing Optician then our client will accept applications from them as a newlyqualified Optometrist. Find ****s of vacancies like this on the sectors only free dedicated iPhone and Android application. • iPhone http://tinyurl.com/AppleOptometry • Android http://tinyurl.com/AndroidOptometryapp Company Prospect Health’s Optical Division is currently recruiting on behalf of one of the most highly regarded names in the optical sector. The company has flourished in recent years, and sustained growth means they now operate from twenty two locations throughout the UK. This recognisable brand prides itself on taking care of its own staff, which means it can boast exceptionally high rates of employee satisfaction and retention. The core value of each practice is to provide exceptional patient care – and to emphasise this fact the Optometrists are measured on their levels of clinical care. This can take the focus away from conversion rates and sales figures, allowing the team to focus their attentions on the personal needs of every patient. In maintaining a network of welcoming and clinically focused practices, our client has created a superb environment for staff and patients alike. Practice Our client’s policy of consistent investment in its practices is a prime example of their desire to deliver the very best in patient care. This particular practice can boast a range of brand new Nidek & Rodenstock equipment, and a Fundus camera, which complements the bright, modern premises and creates a comfortable and professional working environment. There is plenty of parking at the store, with fantastic road links allowing for an easy commute. There is also public transport links on the doorstep, giving easeofaccess to those that don’t drive. Role You will work alongside the director and one other Optometrist, as well as a highlyqualified clinical team. Two unique advantages of this role are the 10am start and the flexible working day. The 40 hour week will involve two late evenings (8pm finish, although this is negotiable) and one day at the weekend, with a normal day finishing at 7pm. You will have two breaks each day of 40 minutes and **** minutes. Training & Development This role offers the type of environment where you are able to constantly develop your skills as you see a variety of patients and conditions on a daily basis. You will be fully supported and also given the opportunity to bring in additional services to the practice. The company is consistently growing at the moment and this position offers a serious chance of progressing into management. Remuneration & benefits Package For this position a generous salary and benefits package will be on offer. The exact package will be dependent on the skills and experience of the individual. You can expect 22 days holiday plus bank holiday and your professional fees will be paid. Our client offers a market leading benefits package, which includes (but is not limited to): • Private Medical insurance (for you and your Immediate family) • Life insurance cover (four times basic salary) • Disability & Sick plan and Critical Illness Cover • Pension Scheme up to 7.****% contribution • Dental Cover Summary In summary this is a superb opportunity to work in an environment that offers great job satisfaction and a generous salary package whilst still being able to offer you a very good work life balance. You would have the opportunity to get involved in specialist areas and given constant support and investment in your development What Happens Next? To apply for this position you must be registered with the GOC as either a Student Optometrist or an Optometrist. You must also possess the right to work in the United Kingdom. To talk to us in confidence about this opportunity and any other suitable positions please contact a member of the Optometry division on [blocked] (Office hours Mon – Thurs 8:30am – 8:30pm & Friday 8:30am – 5:30pm) Find more vacancies like this on our free iPhone & Android application • iPhone http://tinyurl.com/AppleOptometry • Android http://tinyurl.com/AndroidOptometryapp