Title: Care Manager Job St Albans
Webindex: 66190332
Description: Home Care (Domiciliary Care) Manager St Albans, Hertfordshire ****k****k negotiable We are looking for an experienced Home Care Manager operating within the Domiciliary Care marketplace. We are looking for an individual with all the right values, passion and customer focus to be responsible for the initial launch and development of our new Home Care Service in St Albans including registering with CQC. The Home Care Manager will be the driving force of our person centred care service, recruiting the right people and training them to our values and high standards to ensure that our Home care service, comprising of mainly private with some local authority contracts is unrivalled compared to other local care givers You will work alongside the owner and be responsible for the initial set up of the office: Being the first point of contact for our customer's enquiries. Meeting our customers and getting to know them. Putting together a personalised Care Plan and Risk Assessment. Responsible for the safe & legal delivery of the service. Recruiting sufficient staff with the right values and passion to work in home care. Constantly promoting our values to the team and monitoring quality. Carrying out inductions for new staff and ensuring their training is kept up to date. Experience of CQC best practice and able to set up CQC registration. Ensuring that care is delivered to the highest quality and our customers are happy. Very IT literate A full U.K driving license and access to your own transport is also essential. We require a forward thinking passionate and empathetic manager to really help push the business forward from scratch. You will have the opportunity to help grow and develop a new Home care service. This will include launching and maintaining a recruitment drive to recruit and train carers to our high standards. The successful candidate will also possess excellent business development skills to source new business streams for our organisation to aid in its continued growth. A minimum of NVQ Level 4 or equivalent or Registered Manager award  Health & Social Care is essential, training experience desirable and we are passionate about you developing your skills and experience. For more information or to apply please call Lydia Robinson on **** **** or email Lydia.robinsonappointgroup.co.uk