Title: Band 7 Podiatrist Jobs In Scotland
Webindex: 68808719
Company: Castlerock Recruitment Group
Description: We are looking for an experienced Band 7 Podiatrist with at least 4 years post graduate UK based experience for this locum position which is located in Edinburgh, Scotland. You will be expected:  To formulate, develop and deliver a highly specialised individualised treatment programme based upon evidence based practice; podiatry based assessment and appropriate clinical reasoning.  To attend and participate in inservice CRGartmental programmes, and take the lead in forums where podiatry expertise is subject matter advice where appropriate.  To perform highly skilled and specialised podiatry assessment and treatment including the provision of MOD approved orthotic appliances to patients referred the RRU. To use clinical reasoning skills to provide an accurate clinical diagnosis. To appropriately use highly specialist equipment.  To provide highly specialised podiatry advice on patient care to health professional colleagues within the multidisciplinary team (MDT); this may involve challenging or requesting changes to treatment programmes/care plans set by others within the MDT.  To work as specialist podiatrist in Multidisciplinary Injury Assessment clinics (MIAC) where assessment, treatment recommendations, outcome evaluations and prognoses are developed under the lead of Consultant R R.  To take the lead in implementing appropriate research and developing evidence based practice as directed by SO**** Rehab HQ Air.  To attend and participate in inservice departmental programmes, and take the lead in forums where podiatry expertise is subject matter advice where appropriate. Essential: Evidence of HPC registration is essential, membership of the Society of Chiropodists and Podiatrists and previous MoD expereince is desirable but not essential. There are many benefits with working with CRG, these include: Competitive Pay Rates A dedicated one to one service No Registration Fee Reimbursed CRBs after **** working shifts Free online Mandatory Training Assistance with travel and accommodation Prompt Weekly Payments  Recommend a friend bonus of up to **** For more information about this job and other opportunities please contact Marie Cleave on or email