Title: Allied Health Care Professional : Staff Nurses jobs in Sheffield
Webindex: 71082377
Description: Flame Care Jobs  Staff Nurse Job in Sheffield RGN or RMN  Days  33 hours per week. Flame Care are currently looking to recruit a Staff Nurse (RGN / RMN), for a purposebuilt residential dementia and nursing dementia home in Sheffield. This home requires a dynamic individual to join their team, who has a passion to enhance the quality of life for older people and a passion for dementia. As a named nurse, you will assist the management team in providing a home for services users, which promotes a caring environment through high standards of professional practice. You will have responsibility for the effective delivery of nursing care to service users, providing information and advice, as well as health education to services users, relatives and carers. You will also ensure the effective use of resources within the unit, as well as lead and direct the support staff reporting to you, to make sure that they achieve these goals. Duties will include:  Lone working  Ensuring that the delivery of care is of a high standard  Guide the staff group and advise them on best practice don't leave them to their own devices  Service users are treated with dignity at all times  That care plans in bedrooms are completed correctly  Service users are dressed appropriately that they have been washed  Beds have been changed  Drinks/call bells to hand  Staff are taking their time when feeding  are they talking to the service user whilst feeding or in the bedroom  The skill mix of staff on duty is evenly balanced Ideal candidate will be RGN / RMN qualified and have relevant experience of working with older people, dementia and EMI. This is a great opportunity to join an expanding organisation, where they promote career progression within the organisation. Previous nursing experience is a must for this role. Experience within older persons settings and working with dementia is essential for this role. In return you will receive a generous hourly rate of up to ?**** per hour. To apply for this role or enquire about additional Unit Manager Job Opportunities in Sheffield or the South Yorkshire Region  contact Flame Care Freephone on **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email careersflamecare.com Flame Health Associates LLP incorperating Flame Care operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business