Title: Home Care Assistant / Support Staff / Domiciliary Care Workers
Webindex: 46637017
Description: Home Care Assistant / Support Staff / Domiciliary Care Workers Domiciliary Care  Elderly/infirm Salary: **** to **** per hour (negotiable depending on experience & qualification) Location: Oxfordshire Hours: Flexible, hours to suit We are currently seeking experienced Home Care Assistants to work within a domiciliary care environment providing support to the elderly. The Position: We are looking to recruit experienced Home Care Assistants to work within a domiciliary care service based in Oxford, Oxfordshire. The service specialises in providing care and support for elderly individuals who wish to receive care within their own homes. Duties will include: Actively supporting customers within their own home by undertaking a range of tasks including, cooking, cleaning, and personal care. Supporting customers to access the local community for shopping, health appointments and social activities. You will also be required to working with other professionals, attend review meetings and update care plans. Our domiciliary care service covers: Oxford, Witney, Abingdon, Didcot, Bicester, Thame and the surrounding areas. The Person: We are looking for proactive, flexible and caring individuals who will be Home Care Assistants within elderly care. You will have a great sense of humour and you will preferably be qualified to an NVQ Level 2 in health & social care. No experience is necessary as full training and support will be provided. You MUST be a car owner / driver, we will not accept applicants who do not drive. The company: My client offers a range or care and support services nationwide, which include Home care for the elderly and people who require support at home due to illness or disability, supported Living and outreach services for people with Learning Disabilities, complex needs and associated challenging behaviors and Day Care services for people with Learning Disabilities, physical disabilities or Mental Health needs. The package Basic salary is an hourly rate of ******** (negotiable depending experience & qualifications) This position would be ideal for candidates from the following backgrounds: Carer, Home Carer, HCA, Support worker, care manager, care supervisor, care assistant and healthcare assistant. Interested? Then send us your CV and we will consider you for the first round of interviews. To apply for this or similar opportunities, please email a full and updated CV to Lee.Fellowscoburgbanks.co.uk.