Title: Radiology Manager
Webindex: 71772905
Company: Nuffield Health
Description: We are looking for a Radiology Manager, to champion, lead and inspire the team. You will use your strong leadership skills and experience to manage a small team of Radiographers and Administrators to ensure that the best possible service is given at all times. As an excellent communicator with a customer focused approach to patient care; this role provides the ideal opportunity to develop your range of commercial management skills. You will be expected to develop, implement and monitor working processes and policies, improving these as and when you feel necessary. The successful candidate will also act as the Radiation Protection Supervisor for the hospital. As well as overseeing the department, you will be involved with specialist imaging procedures as the clinical expert in your area of specialisation. Nuffield Health York Hospital was opened in December **** Our luxurious, stateoftheart hospital offers the ultimate in patient care and ensures that you will always be working with the most up to date equipment. This will include our DEXA scanner, the only one within a York Hospital. The successful applicant will be expected to participate in our On Call rota. It is essential that you have a BSc, or equivalent, in diagnostic radiography, and current HPC registration. Ideally, you will have a postgraduate qualification as well as significant, postregistration experience which includes senior level responsibilities in a healthcare setting, managing people and ideally budgets. Most important is your ability to demonstrate effective people management skills. Experience within mammography, or the willingness to undertake training would be beneficial, however this is not essential. Nuffield Health is Britain's largest healthcare charity. Balancing our social values with a strong business discipline, we are focused on helping the UK get healthy and staying that way. Today, our services go way beyond those of traditional healthcare providers. The Nuffield Heath Group is robust and progressive  pioneering healthcare by integrating fitness, prevention and cure across its different services and facilities under a single brand. A notforprofit organisation, we reinvest our surplus profits into our business and our people, improving services and facilities and enhancing our customer experience. In today's healthcare market, we're in an enviably strong position. We have a duty to apply to the criminal records bureau for disclosure on successful candidates.