Title: Healthcare Administrator/Secretary
Webindex: 68718616
Company: NHS Lothian
Description: To provide a comprehensive secretarial and administrative service to a range of Health Centre professional and specialist staff This post requires the post holder to have a PVG Scheme membership/ record. If the post holder is not a current PVG member for the required regulatory group (i.e. child and/or adult) then an application will need to be made to Disclosure Scotland and deemed satisfactory before they can begin in post. The fee incurred for the application to join the PVG Scheme is ?**** and this will be payable by the successful candidate for all posts at Band 5 and above with effect from 1st November 2012. Employer details: NHS Lothian is responsible for meeting the health needs of approximately **** people living in and around Edinburgh. We employ approximately **** staff and provide a comprehensive range of primary, community and acute care services for the populations of Edinburgh, Midlothian, East Lothian and West Lothian. Across all areas of care, we seek to provide specialist and general services fairly and efficiently and to the highest standards. Stateoftheart buildings and our forwardlooking and innovative approach have earned our hospitals recognition as centres of excellence. Our clinical care, teaching and research have a national and growing international reputation. NHS Lothian provides an extensive range of primary care services, including mental health, GP and other communitybased services. Primary care services are also provided at the Royal Edinburgh Hospital, the Eastern General, Liberton and the Royal Victoria Hospital. We also provide a comprehensive range of acute adult, paediatric and maternity services. Acute care is provided from the following sites: the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh at Little France; the Western General Hospital; St John's Hospital at Howden, Livingston; the Royal Hospital for Sick Children; the Royal Victoria Hospital; Liberton Hospital; the Princess Alexandra Eye Pavilion, and the Lauriston Building. Working in NHS Lothian: A move to NHS Lothian will give you the chance to develop your NHS career and enhance your lifestyle. There is much to admire and enjoy in the Lothian region, from the splendour of Edinburgh, Scotland's historic capital city, to the beauty and variety of the countryside and coastline.