Title: Clinical Governance Lead  London
Webindex: 66763945
Company: Bupa Cromwell Hospital
Description: JOIN A FORWARD THINKING HOSPITAL Are you a highly skilled enthusiastic individual, committed to providing the best customer service and care to patients and their families? Are you looking to join a forward thinking hospital investing in the future? We are looking to recruit a Clinical Governance Lead in London to be responsible for the coordination of the Hospital's compliance with key areas of Clinical Governance; measured by industry Regulators and for which Bupa enforces minimum standards. The post holder will be a qualified nurse and will provide informed advice and support to Hospital Executive and Senior Management. Key Role Responsibilities and Duties: •Analyse highly complex key performance indicator data and produce reports in relation to the quality of all services provided. •Analyse highly complex clinical risk information. •Interpret and assess the relevance of national policy and guidance. •Assist with ensuring hospital compliance with CQC standards. •To lead on the management of concerns and complaints. •Analysing data and investigating and making recommendations following incidents and patient complaints which may sometimes be complex in nature. This will involve making a sound diagnosis of the problem/s in relation to the incident/complaint utilising a root cause analysis investigation approach. •Actively support, monitor and oversee the completion of action plans from any complaint investigation. ••Exercise professional integrity and sound clinical decision at all times in particular when dealing with patient complaints/incidents and when challenging colleagues regarding the quality of services provided. •To prepare weekly and monthly reports setting out complaints activity. •To lead on the Patient Survey agenda. •To be responsible for the coordination of any claims against the hospital and to liaise with Bupa Claims and Legal departments. •Provide support to the investigating manager for Serious Untoward Incidents as required. •Provide advice and recommendations to staff in support of the risk management and quality agendas. •Support clinical leads to develop and implement clinical policies. •Provide support to the development of care pathways assisting with the development of the quality frameworks to support the pathway and the identification of KPIs. •Ensure the clinical risk management components are captured in all risk strategies, policy and guidance. •Ensure all risk related policies and clinical polices are regularly reviewed •To lead on Clinical Audits across the hospital. •Develop and deliver training packages for staff at all levels in relation to clinical governance. •Provide training and advice to all staff on all issues relating to patient safety/patient experience/quality frameworks/clinical risk assessment and incident management and investigation. •liaise with national bodies, such as NCEPOD and ensure required data is submitted as requested. •To assist with the development of PROMs or other patient related measures. •Ensure effective information systems are maintained to cascade/disseminate NICE and NSF guidance.