Title: LAT Specialty Registrar (StR), ST**** level Locum Appointment for Training in Otolaryngology
Webindex: 68718337
Company: NHS Highland
Description: From 1st February 201**** to 6th August 2013 We are seeking to recruit a LAT Specialty Registrar at training level ST3 in the Department of Otolaryngology at Raigmore Hospital. The Postgraduate Dean has confirmed that the post has the required educational and staffing approval, and staff are encouraged to attend appropriate training programmes There is a wellorganised and wellestablished ENT service within the Highlands supplying clinical services to both the central population around Inverness and also the more remote and rural parts of the Highlands and Western Isles. Travel to these units is through some of the most attractive scenery in Scotland and the advertised post will potentially involve visits to a number of these areas. This Raigmore Hospital training post is part of the East of Scotland Training Programme in ENT and this locum is to cover the present trainee who has achieved CCT. There is a welldeveloped subspecialisation within the department including Head and Neck Oncology, Otology, Rhinology, Paediatrics and Facial Plastics. The successful candidate would expect to gain experience in all of these areas during the period of the locum post. There are well established audit and postgraduate meetings which occur on a regular basis. The unit regularly receives excellent informal feedback from trainees and very favourable comments from training surveys. Raigmore Hospital is a modern District General Hospital of around ****00 beds with extensive training responsibilities and serving a very wide geographical area. It is one of the 5 Cancer Centres in Scotland and has clinical facilities comparable with most University Teaching Hospitals with expanding research support and opportunities. Good links exist with the wellestablished Highlands and Islands Health Research Institute. The department plays an important role in the teaching of undergraduate medical students from the University of Aberdeen. For informal enquiries, please contact Mr AJ Cain, Service Lead and Training Programme Director, Raigmore Hospital – on **** **** or email angus.cainnhs.net Employer details: