Title: Female support worker  Woking
Webindex: 69618017
Company: Eden Brown
Description:  Female support worker urgently needed Secure hospital setting ****  **** per annumWe urgently need female support workers to work in a secure hospital setting with service users who have been detained under the mental health act. You don't necessarily need mental health experience, just some form of care experience and an interest in mental health.Role Summary: Mental health Support Workers are valued members of the care team who work under the direction of registered nurses to provide a high standard of individualised, quality care to patients. Main Responsibilities Function as a competent member of the team in any situation. Communicate to the Nurse in Charge any particular needs of patients and/or problems in the ward. Report accidents and untoward incidents to patients, visitors or staff, to the Nurse in Charge. Attend meetings as directed on the ward and in the Hospital Receive supervision from registered nurses and attend support groups Contribute to ward audits and action plans Aware of safeguarding requirements and the need to report issues to nurse in charge Abide by guidelines and hospital policies and procedures Contribute to the development and review of ward manual and philosophyClinical Support patient care and treatment delivery under the direction of registered nurses. Aware of the psychological, social, physical and spiritual needs of all patients Inform the Nurse in Charge of any changes in the patients’ condition or any other significant factors relevant to the patient Actively participate in the rehabilitation of patients Provide escort to patients for leave of absence as directed by the Nurse in Charge. Assist patients and to their relatives / visitors Involved in implementing individual patient care Ensure that patient/staff confidentiality is maintained at all times.Communication Attend daily handover at the start of every shift Always act in a dignified and responsible manner with patients, visitors, and colleagues, using appropriate language and communication skills, which acknowledge cultural differences. Communicate effectively, both in writing and verbally, with other health care professionals, disseminating information related to the delivery of care. Refer to other health care professionals and seek guidance where there are limitations in personal knowledge, skills and competence on specific issues relating to the delivery of care. Ensure that key information is communicated to staff and patients, utilising feedback to generate best practice solutionsThis is an exciting opportunity to work fora company that promotes staff progression and offers training second to none. If you are looking for a career in mental health this is the role for you. For more information and consideration of an immediate interview please apply in the first instance.