Title: Health Visitor (DN**** AREA)  Nottingham
Webindex: 71091672
Company: The A24 Group
Description: Ambition ****hours are specialists in the provision of specialist, generalnurses and healthcare assistants for temporary placement with NHSTrusts, private hospitals, nursing homes, occupational health companies,HMP services and organisations concerned with mental health andlearning disability care.We have gained a reputation as a fast, highquality and helpful temporaryhealthcare staffing service and we are able to meet the needs of busyhealthcare providers for specialist medical and care staff, at very shortnotice. It is a true **** service, 365 days a year.To develop, lead and provide a dynamic and forward thinking Health Visiting Service which ensures the delivery of effective healthcare to a defined population. Assess individuals and population needs which affect their health and social wellbeing. Develop, implement, monitor and review programmes of health interventions for individuals and population. Develop processes that regularly evaluate effectiveness of health intervention which include both staff and clients. Develop, lead, monitor review and evaluate programmes of health interventions delivered by Health Visiting teams. Undertake an annual health visiting profile for a defined practice population, critically appraise data collated and used to improve health service delivery. Report findings of data to the Health Visitor Clinical Lead and Children & Family Service Manager. Adhere to the organisations nonmedical prescribing policy and medicines management policy. Prescribe items appropriately, within your professional knowledge and competencies, from the Nurse Prescribers Formulary for community practitioners, accepting accountability for all decisions made. As per recommendation from the NMC have personal professional indemnity insurance by means of a professional organisation or trade union body, ensuring that the level of cover is sufficient for purpose. KEY ROLE – PUBLIC HEALTH Enable, encourage and support individuals, families, groups and communities to address issues which affect their health and social wellbeing. Represent individuals and families interests when they are not able to do so themselves. Contribute to the implementation and delivery of recommended immunisation programmes. Contribute to clearly defined health projects that address local and national public health priorities to reduce health inequalities Develop and support positive parenting strategies. KEY ROLE  MANAGE AND USE INFORMATION Obtain, analyse, share and use current information for decision making. Make recommendations to raise standards of practice and service delivery. Develop effective links with other professionals/agencies to ensure seamless delivery of care e.g. midwifery. Contribute to quality assurance, audit activity and data collection as required for surveys, research and projects. KEY ROLE  MANAGE RESOURCES Understands the use of equipment and storage and report any faults immediately as they occur. Contribute to the recruitment and selection of staff Plan, evaluate and recommend the use of resources. Monitor and control the use of resources. Maintain a daily BDCT diary containing accurate records of work content and travel. Ensure skill mix team is trained appropriately before using any new equipment. Identify resource concerns which impact on service delivery. Maintain accurate, legible and contemporaneous records in accordance with NMC Guidelines for Records and Record Keeping (NMC ****) Maintain high standard of both written and computerised documentation within agreed guidelines and ensure that the team members have a clear understanding of BACHS record keeping policy.