Title: Senior Child Health (Immunisation) Adviser
Webindex: 71079834
Company: Save the Children
Description: Background Save the Children is the world’s leading independent organisation for children. Our vision is a world in which every child attains the right to survival, protection, development and participation. Our mission is to inspire breakthroughs in the way the world treats children, and to achieve immediate and lasting change in their lives. Between now and ********, we have dedicated our organisation to supporting the achievement of Millennium Development Goal **** a twothirds reduction in the rate of under five mortality. Our health programmes are key to this goal and we are seeking to dramatically expand the scale and impact of our work, both direct interventions with communities, support to health systems at district and national level and policy, advocacy and campaigns. Save the Children is transforming itself into a new single international structure with management of country and regional offices transferred from Save the Children UK to Save the Children International (SCI). In the new structure, national members will continue to lead on developing programme strategies, designing and fundraising for programmes, building skills in country offices and providing surge capacity for largescale emergency responses. This postholder will remain part of Save the Children UK and work primarily in support of UKfunded programmes. Job Purpose To achieve lasting change for children, through effective advice and support to programming work in the context of the Newborn and Child Survival Campaign with a focus on maternal and newborn health. Key Accountabilities 1. To contribute to the development and implementation of projects and programmes that fulfil SCUKs Ambition 201****NCS strategy and SCIs Everyone campaign with a particular focus on child health and immunisation in particular. 2. To provide high quality support to country programmes, assisting them in the development of their routine immunisation and child health programming across the theory of change. Support will be provided to incountry programme, policy and advocacy work in order to achieve lasting change for children. **** To maintain an overview of healthrelated developments affecting children, monitoring trends in the external environment and contributing research and policy analysis to organisational strategy and planning processes, publications and media, and leading on maternal and newborn health work. **** To coordinate and consolidate a strong evidence base for programme work in child health and routine immunisation and ensure that the learning generated from programmes and projects is shared among country offices and members and translated into sound policy analysis that informs SC’s advocacy work. 5. To represent Save the Children externally, including at highlevel functions, actively networking and building relationships with government, international bodies, corporates, other Save the Children members, NGOs, networks and others as required. **** To produce reports, manage research and make presentations that enhance knowledge, understanding and information sharing within and without the organisation focusing on immunisation **** To support fundraising by country programmes, Londonbased fundraisers and other initiatives aimed at securing income to support SC UK’s programme work. **** Comply with the requirements of SC UK’s child protection policies and other staff policies. **** To perform other tasks and responsibilities as may occasionally be required to ensure the smooth functioning of the Health HIV team, the Policy and Programme Quality department, Global Programmes and other SC UK teams and departments as required. Person Specification Essential Indepth and extensive experience in child health, including routine immunisation and new vaccination programmes. Significant experience of implementing and supporting health programmes in particular in developing countries, with practical involvement in supporting national or district health systems strengthening. Excellent knowledge of the RED IMNCI approaches; continuum of care for maternal, newborn and child health, specific interventions to improve health and the building blocks of health systems. Sound strategic thinking and planning skills, including ability to think creatively and innovate and to set priorities, manageable workplans and evaluate progress. Highly developed research and analytical writing skills with a track record of producing effective materials. Strong communications skills (both written and verbal) at a level appropriate for highlevel external representation (lobbying, presentations) and ability to tailor communications to different audiences Strong interest in the factors affecting health and health systems performance in developing countries. Ability to analyse complex data (scientific, legal, technical) in a technical area and to summarise and communicate this in ways that are accessible to a range of audiences and cultures. Commitment to SC UK’s mission, values and approach (includes child protection, equal opportunities and health and safety). Ability to operate within a predominantly administratively selfservicing environment. Computer literate. Ability to travel to remote and insecure locations. Desirable : Broad understanding of rights and development issues, international relations and the international humanitarian systems. A degree in public health or other health related science Other useful language(s)