Title: Senior Staff Nurse  Intensive Care Unit  Basingstoke
Webindex: 67151712
Company: Medic International
Description: Our client is a leading UK provider of independent healthcare, with hospitals in England, Scotland and Wales. We are seeking an experienced Senior Staff Nurse for their level 3 Intensive Care Unit at their Basingstoke site. Applications will be considered from parttime or fulltime applicants Supported by stateoftheart equipment this centre of excellent offers a high standard of acute and critical care, within pleasant and comfortable surroundings. Successful applicants will enjoy career development and support from a strong management team, the opportunity to work alongside expert consultants and a multi disciplinary team of other healthcare specialists, access to a dedicated professional and personal development program and experience within a highly professional working environment. The benefits of working for this company include: •Free Private Medical cover •A minimum of 25 days annual leave from the start of employment •Free Critical Illness Insurance cover •Reasonably priced quality accommodation provided •Interestfree season ticket loans and Cycle to work scheme •The opportunity to join their employer contributory Pension Scheme •Gym membership Duties of the post •You are able to supervise/ lead team of nurses and deputise Clinical Leads as required. •You are expert practitioner/ clinical resource in critical care nursing and you are willing to support and educate other members of team. •You have excellent communication skills and willingness to work in flexible environment •You enjoy working as a part of team •Experience in supervising students and healthcare assistants, and assisting in the orientation of new staff. A full job description is available upon request. Person requirements •Registered Nurse registered with the NMC (not requiring a period of supervised placement) •Permission to undertake employment in the UK (not requiring ?workpermit? sponsorship) •A minimum of three years critical care experience, one years UKbased experience is desirable •You must have recognised critical care post graduation qualification e.g ENB 100 or equivalent and appropriate post course experience. •You have teaching and assessing qualification e.g ENB 998 or equivalent