Title: Area/Locality Manager
Webindex: 48271617
Description: A Locality Manager is responsible for the delivery, development and performance of an integrated service portfolio across a defined locality. Manage a locality budget and deliver a strong financial performance to deliver commercial and social objectives. Responsible for a total of up to **** staff Multisite and Remote management Must be based within or have easy access to the Locality. Regional and sometimes national travel and overnight stays are required Full and clean driving license and enhanced CRB disclosure required Person specification Experience of managing multiple services to high standards and able to evidence excellent levels of customer Experience of customer engagement, relationship management with individuals, public sector and private sector agencies. Experience of budgetary management and analysing financial performance Understanding of regulatory and best practise direction in care health or housing service delivery. Strong understanding of business planning and able to construct Able to identify and exploit commercial opportunities Able to influence situations, decisions and people Able to personally manage conflicting priorities and a busy schedule of operations and development activities. Can prioritise and deliver against objectives Skilled in delivering presentations to teams and customers Understanding of current public sector commissioning strategies / processes and the key drivers for change Understanding of private customer dynamics and the key drivers that affect an individuals choice of social care provider & longterm loyalty If you are Interested in this position or would like to have a confidential discussion to find out further details please email your CV to p.bethelledenbrown.com or call **** **** **** Eden Brown  Recruitment for Social Care, Social Housing, Nursing and Domiciliary Care with 6 offices Nationwide, giving you every opportunity to fully realise your potential. Eden Brown are the UK's Leading Social Care Agency. Eden Brown is always ideally located to find the right opportunities for your needs. Eden Brown operates as an employment business for the supply of temporary staff and a employment agency for the supply of permanent staff. Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.