Title: Domiciliary Care Manager  Wisbech
Webindex: 69618331
Company: Coburg Banks
Description: Domiciliary Care Manager Domiciliary Home Care Salary: **** to **** Location: Wisbech, Cambridge We are currently seeking an experienced and dedicated Domiciliary Care Manager to manage small Domiciliary Care company based in Cambridge. The Position: This is a fantastic position that requires a flexible Domiciliary Care Manager to help develop the business. Ideally you will have experience working within a similar service or have a strong working history working within the domiciliary care sector. You will have full backing of an established and reputable company where the ethos is based on providing outstanding care. There will be various tasks that can be incorporated within a home care managers position some of which outlined below: • Strong domiciliary care business development and marketing skills to identify and secure new business • Have responsibility for all staff  to plan, allocate and evaluate the workload of all staff • Ensure successful operation of quality control systems • Ensure that all computerized and manual records are up to date • Write reports and maintain monitoring of service • Ensure all staff receive supervision and appraisals • Ensure training needs of all staff are met effectively  implement induction programs and identify and provide for ongoing training needs • Work within agreed budgets • Actively participate in the growth and development of the business. • Maintain administrative systems • Recruit, select and effectively supervise staff team • Maintain effective assessment and review procedures The Person: You will be a positive, proactive forward thinker and enjoy working in within domiciliary care. You must a strong background working within domiciliary care You must possess an NVQ Level 4 / RMA or be willing to complete within the 1st six months The Company: One of the UK’s elite care brands, providing care professional care staff to into the community. They are currently rated highly with CQC and have won a number of awards for their services. This position would be ideal for a registered manager, care manager, community care manager, home care manager, senior carer coordinator, deputy manager, field supervisor, branch manager, domiciliary manager or team leader. Interested? Then send us your CV and we will consider you for the first round of interviews To apply for this or similar opportunities, please email a full and updated CV to dean.robertsoncoburgbanks.co.uk, alternatively please contact Dean on **** **** ****