Title: Production Pharmacy Technician
Webindex: 69010578
Company: The Locum Practice
Description: Aseptic Production Technician Additional Information Location: Chapeltown, South Yorkshire Salary: Negotiable Hours: Full Time Support the production manager in the day to day running and supervision of the aseptic manufacturing unit. To work closely with the production and QA manager to develop the aseptic manufacturing service in the most efficient, safe and cost effective manner. Key Responsibilities To participate in the development, delivery and maintenance of a safe and effective aseptic manufacturing service, in accordance with the principles of Good Manufacturing Practice, in line with available resources and service demands including: Providing support to both the Production Manager and Quality Assurance Manager when required, allowing for the flexibility in working patterns promoting efficiency in production output. Developing and maintaining expertise in use of equipment and facilities. Participating and assisting in the training of technical and support staff who are working in the aseptic manufacturing unit Ensuring environmental monitoring required is undertaken at scheduled times Ensuring data is recorded accurately, legibly, in a timely manner, is up to date and appropriately filed Participating in the assembly (and checking) of items required for aseptic manufacturing activities Working to a high degree of accuracy when making aseptic products Responding positively and in a timely way to those changes which may occur and affect the nature, direction and delivery of the aseptic manufacturing service. Assisting with the supply of products manufactured in the unit to customers in response to orders Ensuring that stock control of products used in aseptic manufacturing is maintained Assisting with the maintenance of a safe working environment in accordance with COSHH and Health and Safety regulations. Participating and encouraging the use of the system for error/near miss reporting. To act in a professional manner at all times in order to promote a positive image of the Company. To deal with any other duties as directed which do not change the nature of this post. Requirements BTEC NC Pharmacy Services/NVQ Level 3 pharmacy Aseptic manufacture and or dispensing of Parenteral Nutrition, Cytotoxics and Intravenous Additives. Working in clean rooms, LAFC s and Isolators Experience of supervisory role. Aptitude and Ability Ability to work as part of a team or under own initiative whilst maintaining required standards. Able to train individuals in the use of equipment or processes to required standards Knowledge and Skills Working knowledge of GMP, Good communication skills, Understanding of the importance of SOP s Works to a high level of accuracy and attention to detail Keyboard/IT skills Personal Attributes Flexible and adaptable whilst maintaining high standards of work Takes responsibility for the completion of tasks undertaken We act as an employment business to provide temporary staff and an employment agency to provide permanent staff