Title: Work Coach (Health Provision)
Webindex: 67106666
Company: Interserve Working Futures Ltd
Description: WORK COACH ( Health Provision ) Positions available in Bradford, Halifax , Leeds, Pontefract and Wakefield **** per annum We would welcome applications from potential Work Coaches who have previous experience of working with people with long term health problems which is a significant barrier to gaining sustainable employment. Your experience may have been gained in health care provision or in working with local community based organizations established to work specifically with this customer group. An understanding of how chronic and long term health issues can impact on an individual’s employment and of addressing barriers to work is essential. We passionately believe that the delivery of effective and personalised support will enable all of our customers to achieve their personal best and secure sustainable employment. People are our business and our team of experts are key to enabling our customers to achieve their true potential. It is our aim to make a significant difference to the lives of our customers and the communities in which they live. We are results driven and are committed to working with our partners to provide a professional and high quality service. If you share these values and feel you can contribute to our success we want to hear from you. Based in one of our West Yorkshire branches you will work with your own caseload of customers, supporting them through their journey into employment and beyond. Much of the work will be customer facing on a onetoone or group basis with you preparing and motivating your customers towards achieving a challenging action plan. As can be expected from a Company that is recognized for the national standard Investor in People we take the development and contribution of our people to achieving our challenging business goals very seriously and you can anticipate working in a supportive environment. So if you believe you can contribute to our Company please download our application form from www.workingfutures.interserve.com which should be returned no later than Friday 18th January 2013 . Interserve Working Futures Ltd is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of its Participants and expects all staff to share in this commitment. The successful applicant will be required to undertake a Criminal Records Bureau (CRB) check and provide proof of their right to work in the UK. We welcome applications from all members of the community on an equal basis regardless of age, gender, disability, ethnic background, religion or sexual orientation. Interserve Working Futures Ltd Staff are required to comply with the security procedures in place for the confidentiality of all paperbased and IT data and records.