Title: Clinical Study Speiclaist
Webindex: 71713245
Company: Barrington James Ltd
Description: We have an opportunity for the right person to work for a Healthcare company with a very broad spectrum in terms of flagship franchises. They invest a lot of time and money into their research and development and equally as much into their sales team. They have operations in over 100 countries and have a work force of over **** employees. Why not let out client realise your potential This role enables you to develop, evaluate and execute all essential clinical trial documents and clinical trial agreements (CTA s). You will align execution activities with agreed upon project priorities, timings and quality specifications, ensuring relevant regulations are adhered to including ICH and PhRMA guidelines. Within this role you must conduct your work in compliance with all internal requirements and with all applicable regulatory requirements. These internal requirements will include compliance with ethics, environmental health and safety, financial, human resources, and general business policies, requirements and objectives as appropriate to the role. The ideal candidate will be computer literate; will have good organisational skills, ability to prioritize and a good understanding of clinical study costs. Requirements:  A bachelor s degree, preferably in a science or health related discipline.  A basic understanding of contracts and negotiations is preferred.  Clinical research or Regulatory experience preferred.  Good relationship building  Excellent communication skills  Good decision making ability How to apply: if you would like to discuss this vacancy further, or if you are unsure whether this is a suitable role for you and would like to discuss your career options in confidence, please send your CV to ckeoghbarringtonjames.com or call our office on **** **** Barrington James is a professional recruitment service which specialises in the placement of candidates within the Pharmaceutical Industry. Our service is professional and with over 28 years experience in the industry we offer the total recruitment solution. Click Here for URL removed Introduce a Friend or Colleague Reward  Refer a friend or a colleague to Barrington James today and earn **** cash If you refer someone we are currently not aware of and we find them a new position we will give you both ****