Title: Support Worker Care Home
Webindex: 55278088
Description: Job title: Support Worker  Care Home Salary: **** to **** (dependent on experience and qualifications) plus excellent benefits Location: Bromyard, Herefordshire The Role; My clients are currently recruiting full and part time support workers in permanent positions, to join their dedicated team to work in the Herefordshire area. As a support worker you will be required to support individuals with severe learning disabilities and challenging behaviours to actively live their lives to the full. You will be supporting them in their personal care needs, completing support developing and maintaining personal contact with families and support agencies, preparing reports for reviews and development programmes, meeting health needs, and encouraging social integration as well as providing for resident's special events  Birthdays, Christmas and home visits plans. The Person; My clients are looking for caring individuals who want to make a difference to peoples' lives. You will be **** or over and need to be literate in English and be numerate, as you will be required to read and write Clients support plans, basic computer skills is also required. The successful person will ideally have experience of working in a care setting, however this isn't essential as full training is provided and you will be supported in gaining recognised qualifications in health and social care. This role will allow you to develop your existing skills as well as providing you with the opportunity to gain experience working with a diverse range of Clients and their needs. Due to the nature of the role, flexibility of working hours is required over a **** day shift pattern and due to the rural location of the home a driving licence is essential. The Company: My clients have a portfolio of specialist schools and colleges throughout England and Wales. These offer academic and vocational programmes, therapy and expert care for young people between the ages of **** and 19 years, with a range of special educational and complex care needs. They also have adult homes to support young people in their transition into adulthood along with Community Support Services. My clients also have vacancies in their community based homes in Bromyard, Tenbury Wells, and Wellington, and for those with restricted availability have vacancies for Casual Support Workers. All positions are subject to Enhanced CRB, clearance cost will be met by the employer. If you are interested in joining please click 'apply now' to the link below.