Title: Creative Writer/Copywriter Med Comm/Advertising Bucks
Webindex: 69012211
Company: Fforde Management
Description: Our client, an expanding and successful Healthcare Advertising agency, has a unique opportunity for a Creative Writer with a specialism in medical and life sciences to join their successful Buckinghamshire based team. The agency is looking for a dedicated and ambitious individual. It is absolutely vital for this position that applicants have a solid background in medical sciences and can use and translate complex medical terminology, so although this is a creative role for a passionate writer, you must also be a healthcare specialist in order to be considered. The new Creative Writer in this talented Healthcare Advertising team will ensure that projects are delivered on time, will be responsible for both internal and external client satisfaction and will contribute to new business pitches. The new Creative Writer will also adhere to core agency values at all times and undertake a range of other ad hoc writing duties. In order to be considered for this position you should have extensive experience as a copywriter within the Pharmaceutical industry. Ideally you will come from an academic science background and hold a degree in a related discipline although that is not essential provided you have acquired a deep, thorough knowledge of medical terminology and therapy areas. You must have proven experience of working with an Art Director and experience pitching and presenting to healthcare and pharmaceutical industry clients. Excellent written and verbal communication skills, the ability to accurately interpret and complete client briefs and a willingness to learn and apply new skills are all essential. Adaptability and flexibility are both important qualities along with reliability, good time management skills and project management skills. You must be proactive, versatile and proficient with Word, PowerPoint and Excel in order to be eligible. If you want to boost your career at an exciting agency working alongside industry experts, apply today Fforde is acting as a recruitment agency/business. Fforde has been established since **** and has become one of the market leaders in Pharmaceutical Recruitment. As Pharmaceutical specialists our consultants are highly experienced and knowledgeable, proudly providing a professional and ethical service to candidates and clients. Fforde cares and goes the extra mile to ensure that professional candidates are deservedly matched to the best roles in the market. If you re looking for new roles but this opportunity doesn t quite match your requirements please contact us to discuss our latest vacancies with you. If you know someone that could be suitable and would be interested we offer a referral scheme on successful placement. Key Words: Creative Medical Writer, Medical Copywriter, Life Science Writer, Healthcare Writer, Healthcare Advertising, Pharmaceutical, Pharma, Bucks, Buckinghamshire. Creative Medical Writer, Medical Copywriter, Life Science Writer, Healthcare Writer, Healthcare Advertising, Pharmaceutical, Pharma, Bucks, Buckinghamshire