Title: RMN  JOB  South Wales
Webindex: 69685239
Company: The Placement Group
Description: RMN  Job – Wales Pontypridd/Newport Staff nurse Salary ****  **** Fulltime  Permanent role Start Asap Based in south Wales the company is currently recruiting for a RMN to work in Pontypridd and Newport, they are a high quality provider of specialist Mental Health and Learning Disability services providing assessment, treatment, rehabilitation and education leading to recovery. Their services are clinically led by highly qualified and experienced staff, ethical and value based, promoting choice, dignity, hope and empowerment. They believe that all individuals can change and it is their role to motivate their clients to be willing, ready and able to engage in therapeutic opportunities and move towards greater self responsibility. The overall objective – Working as part of a multidisciplinary team, you will be responsible for the assessment, formulation, implementation and evaluation of person centred care plans. Also to carry out all relevant forms of clinical care as instructed. Your duties will include – •To participate in the supervision, objectives and regular reviews of support staff on the Unit. •To support other qualified staff and unit manager in the management and clinical supervision of staff on the unit. •To provide support for staff in stressful situations. •To assist in the induction of new staff and students on placement in the absence of the Unit Manager and Unit Team Leader and Head of Care. •To support relatives, visitors and other members of staff etc. when visiting the Unit. •Assist the Unit Manager and Unit Team Leader in ensuring the Unit is adequately and safely staffed from within the agreed establishment by adopting a flexible approach in duty patterns. To qualify for this position you must have proven experience working with mental health clients in an inpatient or community setting. You must have nursing qualification, and be registered with the NMC. In return you will be offered a competitive salary and standard company benefits including a 3% contributory pension that you can opt into if you wish, life assurance to the value of 3 times the annual salary, 23 days holiday and childcare voucher scheme. If you would like to apply for this position send your cv to everton.browntpgplc.com for more info call Everton on **** **** ****