Title: Chemoinformatician  Hertfordshire
Webindex: 69933648
Company: CK Group 
Description: Julie Marshall at CK Science is currently recruiting for a Chemoinformatician to join small team within a Drug Discovery Company based Hertfordshire in on a full time, Temporary basis. Length of contract to be advised. The successful candidate will work as part of a small team responsible for applying and developing tools for use by project teams working to discover new medicines. You will be responsible for the following: Liaising with scientific contacts, identifing technical solutions and partner with local and global informatics teams to deliver projects. Providing advanced technical expertise and systems integration in supporting existing informatics tools and in developing and deploying new tools. You must be able to analyse, model and optimise workflows, develop and use best practices, and must have applied technical abilities. The application and refinement of existing protocols to aid in generation of focused compound libraries. The development of novel protocols and implementation of chemoinformatics techniques to improve selection processes. The analysis and interpretation of large datasets related to chemistry, biology and biochemistry using existing methodology. The development and implementation of tools and interfaces to support our Drug Discovery project teams. The successful Chemoinformatician will have the following qualifications, skills & experiences: Good basic knowledge of Organic Chemistry (BSc in Chemistry (or equivalent) is preferred, in particular small molecule physicochemical properties, conformation and interactions, as well as strong theoretical and practical knowledge of computational chemistry and chemoinformatics methodologies including but not limited to: library design, data triage, multivariate data analysis, QSAR. Experience with chemistry software and pipelining tools is essential, with expertise in Pipeline Pilot and MOE highly preferred. Practical experience of data analysis, data management and data mining/integration in a chemical environment. Strong linux and windows skills. The experience of working in a chemoinformatics role within a pharmaceutical or biotech environment would be desirable. If successful, you will be joining a global Drug Discovery company and in return there is a competitive salary, coupled with excellent benefits and career progression opportunities. CK Science is an Equal Opportunities employer who welcomes applications from all who meet our selection criteria. If you do not hear back from us within **** working days of your application for this role, it means that on this occasion you have not been shortlisted for the next stage of the recruitment campaign. Entitlement to work in the EEA is essential. Please quote reference ST**** in all correspondence. Keywords: Chemoinformatics, Chemoinformatician, Chemistry, Drug Discovery Julie Marshall