Title: Activities Organiser  Barchester Healthcare
Webindex: 68068210
Company: Barchester Healthcare
Description: What is expected of you as an Activities Organiser? A fun and varied role, you will need to be creative and energetic At Barchester we pride ourselves on focusing on the individual needs of every person we support. You will be responsible for providing a wide ranging programme of activities and events to promote physical as well as mental wellbeing of the people we support. This role affords a good deal of autonomy so self motivation is essential. Why join Barchester as an Activities Organiser? As market leaders we place the people we support first  and our staff are the best. You will benefit from a wealth of experience and as a company that places a great emphasis on investing in its people you will have the opportunity for both personal and professional development. Barchester has its own Learning and Development department, giving you the freedom to develop professionally and create your own career pathway  it's just a case of high do you want to climb? We offer: Nationally recognised qualifications such as Apprenticeships and NVQs in many aspects of our service from care and hospitality to administration. These are programmes of learning at work which give you the opportunity to develop new skills while earning at the same time. Benefits:  Free uniform  Paid breaks  Flexible shifts  CRB company funded  NVQs company funded  Voluntary Benefit Scheme including: Retail Discount Vouchers, Child Care vouchers, Discounted Holiday / Leisure vouchers and much more  Employee help line to support staff in times of need What skills do I need to join? We don't ask for any formal qualifications but experience in a similar setting is essential as well as genuine interest and enthusiasm. It's a great feeling helping the people we support celebrate life to the full  it could be just what you're looking for Please note: This is a temporary post to cover Maternity leave. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ActivitiesOrganiserBarchesterHealthcare_job****