Title: Discharge Nurse
Webindex: 69568471
Company: The Placement Group
Description: Staff Nurse  Midlands Band 7  Discharge Nurse 30,000  **** DOE Start ASAP The company specialise in providing care for complex spinal and Neuro cases throughout the UK, and employ over **** employees, supporting people in **** Primary Care Trusts to live independent lives in the community, outside care homes or hospitals. The company is not an agency; staff are employed, to make sure clients receive consistent quality of care, placing them at the centre of every decision. Its success shows in its threestar excellence rating. They are currently recruiting for a community Nurse with spinal and Neuro experience to join their new discharge team, to work alongside the Occupational therapist. Main Purpose of Job: To assess, plan, implement and evaluate nursing care to individuals being prepared for discharge to a community/domiciliary setting, having regard to the responsibilities of being the designated caseload holder during the Discharge process. To facilitate the safe discharge and transfer of clients to the companies care within designated timescales As part of the multi disciplinary team ensure safe and appropriate handover of care is given to bespoke care teams recruited for discharged clients. You must have strong community experience, recent experience preferred, be a car driver, ideally living in central England along the M1 corridor for easy access to major road links. Due to the nature of the role early starts and late finishes maybe required due the travel required in the role, plus overnight stay's away from home due to training requirements of new teams. To be considered for this position you must have a nursing degree currently registered with NMC and show proof recent CPD, also recent experience in the community working with inter agency services for vulnerable adults or children is desired. Children and vent experience preferred but not essential. Extensive experience of assessing and providing care to people with complex and long term conditions within the community. In return you will be offered a competitive salary, 25 days annual leave plus public holidays, pension scheme, private health insurance, sick pay, and learning and development training. If you would like to apply for this role please send your cv to for more info call