Title: Support Workers Children s Residential
Webindex: 70086561
Description: We are looking to recruit **** experienced Support Workers/Therapeutic Practitioners for a children's residential home, based in Salisbury Wiltshire, on a permanent basis. These positions are working with children that display challenging behaviour and are permanent positions. Duties will include: To contribute to the normal development of the children and young people through the provision of a healthy life style and support of the child during such activities as appropriate. To be aware of the children's and young people's leisure and recreational needs and preferences within organisational policies and guidelines. To listen to and talk to children and young people, and to observe their behaviour, and record significant features. Ensure that all concerns are communicated to the Therapeutic Team Manager with regards to the children's and young people's physical or emotional needs and be alert to signs of distress or abuse, and to ensure that children and young people are monitored and protected. To contribute to placement planning, participating in reviews and other meetings as required, and to assist in the implementation of placement plans to facilitate the young people working towards the aims and goals of their care plans, taking into account the views of the young person. To provide for the child or young person's physical needs as necessary, for example, by cooking, washing, ironing, shopping, bathing (where appropriate), budgeting, or by enabling young people to carry out such tasks for themselves. To assist in returning them to their families or enable them to move to alternate accommodation, to contribute to the normal development of the children and young people through the provision of a healthy life style and support of the child during such activities as appropriate. To be aware of the children's and young people's leisure and recreational needs and preferences within organisational policies and guidelines. Skills required include: a theoretical knowledge of child and adolescent development and the effects of trauma, loss, abuse and deprivation, Knowledge of therapeutic child care practice, Knowledge of relevant core social care legislation, guidelines and good practice, Knowledge of sound safeguarding in residential and fostering settings, Knowledge and understanding of working in social care organisations and the sector, Knowledge of inexperienced care workers' support and learning needs, Substantial care planning experience. Successful applicants will be hold an NVQ**** in childcare or equivalent and ideally be a car driver. For further details and a full job description, please apply online. The Synergy Group is an equal opportunities employer. For more opportunities, please visit www.synergygroup.co.uk