Title: Agency Registered Nurse
Webindex: 69959837
Company: Precedo Healthcare
Description: Precedo Healthcare is currently seeking experienced NMC Registered Nurses to join our ever expanding team, to work in various Nursing/care Homes in the Derbyshire area. Locations include Bakewell and Chesterfield the surrounding areas. You will be working alongside a team of highly trained nursing and care staff, leading with high standards of care and overseeing the all nursing assignments and care for service users. Other duties will include dispensing medications, observations and administering IV Medications and PEG feeds. Applicants must be qualified as a Registered General or Mental Health Nurse and hold an NMC Statement of Entry and Pin Card. Candidates would also preferably drive or be comfortable and familiar with public transport networks, and be willing to travel in and around the area. The successful candidate will lead by example, be motivated and committed to helping others, and must be able to provide the following skills and experience  Recent care experience within a Nursing Home or Residential Care Environment, applicants must have 6 months experience within the last 1**** months working in an acute healthcare setting  Have Excellent Communication Skills  Have the ability to adapt to different working environments  Be reliable, hardworking and flexible  Proof of NMC Registration  At times able to work on short notice availability  Proof of eligibility to work in the UK  Be able to provide details of 2 clinical references from a healthcare setting, one must be from your present/previous employer As part of the recruitment process you will also be required to complete an enhanced CRB check. Working for PRECEDO healthcare you will receive a variety of benefits including:  Excellent, competitive Pay Rates  Flexible hours to meet your needs and fit around your diary  Free Mandatory Training and uniform  Recommend a Friend Scheme for referring other workers to Precedo  Experienced Consultants and an easy joining process Plus much more Precedo Healthcare is an Equal Opportunities Employer and is committed to delivering high quality care and service delivery. If you are interested in this position and you would like further information please call Linda Worboys or Georgie Denman **** 272023 Mon –Fri 9am5pm or send your current CV and cover letter to Please note  If you are not contacted within 7 days of submitting your application, please assume that on this occasion you have been unsuccessful. Candidates must have a valid NMC Pin Number. Candidates must be authorised to work in the EEC