Title: ABA Therapists
Webindex: 68703632
Company: Online Resourcing
Description: A fantastic opportunity for enthusiastic people who are keen to develop their skills within the Applied Behaviour Analysis (ABA) field as ABA Therapists Leeds and London Autism Partnership UK was established in 2000 to provide a comprehensive service to families and professionals caring for individuals with Autism Spectrum Disorders. Their method is based on an established and systematic research based strategy, Applied Behaviour Analysis (ABA). Autism Partnership UK is now looking for full time ABA Therapists covering West Yorkshire (Leeds) and London. Autism Partnership is looking for a passionate, creative and caring individual who has graduated with a Psychology or relevant Bachelor Degree who wants to develop their skills helping children and families affected by Autism. This is a fantastic ABA Therapy opportunity for enthusiastic graduates who are keen to develop their skills within the Applied Behaviour Analysis (ABA) field, providing ****:**** instructions to children in both a home and school environment. As an ABA therapist, your role will support a network of fellow therapists and supervisors whilst delivering singular support to children and families within your area. You will be instrumental in the implementation of the child’s treatment and development plan whilst delivering programmes and recording observations. This is a highly exciting and fulfilling role that would provide a superb platform to carve your career in this specialist and compassionate sector. Along with possessing a strong yet empathetic nature and driven personality, you must have access to your own vehicle and a full clean driving licence, for the Leeds area. Candidates will be initially paid ****ph for the first two months whilst undergoing training, increasing to ****ph thereafter and will include annual performance reviews. If you would like to apply for the ABA Therapist role, please forward in absolute confidence a full curriculum vitae and covering letter to Online Resourcing by clicking the apply button and completing the short application procedure. Due to high volume of response if you do not hear from us within 14 days then on this occasion you have been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ABATherapists_job****