Title: Nutritional Nurse Advisor Adult/Dual Trained
Webindex: 67959646
Description: Our client specialises in the delivery of advanced medical nutrition for patients requiring disease and malnutrition management. This is a field based Adult or Dual qualified Nutritional Nurse opportunity supporting home enterally fed patients via home visits and telephone support  covering the East Kent region. Ashford, Canterbury, Dover etc Looking after one or more hospitals that work in a group or a large PCT, the patient's population may come from across a whole county  they can live anywhere within that geography. A patient facing role  the recruited nurse is required to understand the commercial aspects of the role and work alongside their Clinical Nurse Manager attending contract and Service Level Agreement review meetings. Responsibilities include: Supporting families/carers to obtain the optimum nutritional state for the patient. Promote/support positive enteral feeding practices for patients and carers Support the objectives of early supportive discharge and admission avoidance (pre and unplanned) Develop high level expertise in Malnutrition and the universal screening tool 'MUST' Be aware and take into consideration current legislation, and nutritional trends and research Support enteral feeding clinics and special schools nurses and Children Community Nurses, with expert advice. Obtain accurate and appropriate health assessments, to reflect the nutritional state of the patient. Identify nutritional deficits and monitor compliance with the feeding regime. Maintain and promote positive working relationships with the multi  disciplinary team. Deliver educational support and training, in a variety of settings, for the patient, to include evaluation. Develop, with training and support the ability to change skin level devices (buttons), balloon gastrostomy tubes, nasogastric tubes, as appropriate Minimum Requirements NMC Registered. Adult or Dual trained. Minimum of 2 years post registration nursing experience Full UK driving licence Competent and confident IT skills  Word, Excel, Powerpoint and email Ability to stay away from home as required. Excellent time management skills and planning is essential Strong communication skills  for patient and carer training and presentations to the account (Dieticians and Hospital and Community based Nutrition nurses) Preferable Requirements Experience in the oral supplement /Enteral feed therapy area ENB 998 or equivalent. Experience of working independently Experience of working in a commercial/customer service organization Equal Approach Clinical division specialise in recruiting nurses and medical professionals and clinicians at all levels nationally for the commercial market If you are interested in this position please send your CV in application or call **** **** **** for further information If you need to receive this information in an alternative format, please contact Equal Approach and we will take reasonable steps to arrange this for you. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and we actively encourage candidate applications from all sections of the community. The successful candidate may be required to undertake an Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau Check.