Title: Live in Carers Gravesham and Dartford
Webindex: 54711480
Description: Bluebird Care are looking for live in carers to provide support and encouragement to enable customers to lead an independent lifestyle within their own home. The live in carer resides in the customer’s home and it is important that they recognise the importance of respecting the customer’s right to make choices and to their privacy. JOB SPECIFICATION Essential Ability to reside in customer home for extended periods Genuine care for others Good communication skills Ability to understand what the role entails Ability to follow instructions Desirable Experience in care provision Experience in running a home Key Competencies To be able to attend to customer’s needs To understand the importance of maintaining customer’s independence To be able to cope with emergency and difficult situations To be able to communicate with other people To be able to maintain high standards of care provision To be able to identify changing needs of the customer Tasks (The role may involve some or all of the following. This is not intended as a complete list and is supplied for information only) o Assist customers to get up, dressing and preparing them for their day. o Washing, bathing, showering, oral care, grooming. o Toileting, assisting with use of commode, emptying commode. o Continence management o Using manual handling equipment as specified. o Working with other care professionals such as District Nurses, GPs. o Assisting with prescribed medication o Assist customers to go to bed, including undressing and washing o Preparation of meals and assistance with feeding o Shopping and supplies management o General household duties o Bed making, laundry and ironing o Assisting with outside activities o To keep accurate records of care delivered Anyone who does not genuinely care about the welfare of other people will not be suitable for this job. If you are looking for a career in care then please email your CV to graveshambluebirdcare.co.uk or telephone **** **** All offers of work will be subject to a CRB check and referencing being completed. (Due to a high volume of applications received, unfortunately those deemed unsuitable will not be contacted