Title: Water Treatment/Legionella Business Development Manager
Webindex: 70764430
Company: Future Select Recruitment
Description: Our client is a multidisciplinary organization offering an array of services including health, safety and environmental to clients from all levels, including blue chip clients. Due to continuous growth of the business, they are looking for an astute and selfdriven Water Treatment/Legionella Business Development Manager to join them in London. The successful candidate must come from a strong chemical/technical/business management/sales background and must have proven experience working within this role and within the water treatment/legionella industry. Main Responsibilities: Bringing in new business for the company  legionella risk assessment and indoor air quality services to the maintenance and facilities Management Company and sectors of the built environment. Generating enquiries  cold calling, etc. Supporting the business and Technical Director and selling their services  water management, legionella, risk assessment and monitoring, and at the same time managing their existing portfolio of clients. Managing and supporting the technical side that is undertaking legionella risk assessments systems, audits, meeting to clients as and when required. Assisting with reviews and reports. Supporting and mentoring other consultants and assisting them in developing their account management and business skills. In general, you will be commercially focused, confident, have excellent client facing/people management skills and have the ability to take the business forward. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a highly successful company that offers competitive salary, depending on experience company car, bonus and may other benefits. Future Select are recruiting in the Water Treatment/Hygiene industry. We would be interested in speaking to candidates with experience in any disciplines from Risk Assessors, Service Engineers, Accounts Manager, Business Development/Operational Managers through to Director level. We are dealing with clients across the UK, salaries ****k. Please feel free to visit our website (url removed) for further details. We are inundated with applications, will endeavour to get back in touch, however if you have applied to Future Select and you have not heard from us after a week, on this occasion, you will not have been successful. Your details will be saved on our system and you will be contacted in the future if a vacancy matches your skills