Title: Account Director  Healthcare Policy Public Affairs
Webindex: 68532093
Company: Fresh Connect  Limited
Description: This leading independent public affairs and communications agency is looking for a senior player to join their healthcare team, based in London. Leading on an array of impressive accounts, the successful applicant will be an integral member of the team and will drive the effective development and delivery of public affairs campaigns forward as an Account Director. A key element of this senior role is to ensure that deadlines are met and clients are consistently satisfied with the results. You will also play a key part in attracting and retaining new business. They are looking for someone who has a deep understanding of healthcare policy and communications to join their growing healthcare business which currently has a clientbase which includes major healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies, trade associations and healthrelated charities. The ideal candidate will work at a senior level with the head of the team to develop the business and lead big ticket accounts. First class written and verbal communications skills are essential. The preferred candidate will be a professional who combines experience of dynamic account leadership with a vision for his/her active involvement in the broader management and development of the agency. They re looking for someone who is good at multitasking, managing the team to meet deadlines and also willing to roll up their sleeves and get their hands dirty. To be considered for this exceptional role, you will need to have excellent written and spoken English skills. Truly extensive experience in a senior level, similar role is vital to be eligible for this position. This is your chance to work on some exceptional accounts. Join this leading agency, apply today For this and similar vacancies, please contact Gary Hoult at Fresh Connect on **** **** **** or email garyfreshconnect.co.uk Account Director, Associate Director, Senior Account Manager, Healthcare Public Affairs, Healthcare policy, London. Account Director, Associate Director, Senior Account Manager, Healthcare Public Affairs, Healthcare policy, London