Title: Mental Health Nurse (RMN)  nursing home  Chipping Norton
Webindex: 71614457
Company: Team 24 Ltd
Description: A nurse is required for this warm, friendly and well furnished home in Oxfordshire. The role is open to newly qualified nurses, or those with only a few years experience. If you have more experience and are happy with the salary range, do also apply. The home is very well run with both the manager and deputy manager being long standing, experienced general nurses. As such, this provides a great opportunity for a newly qualified nurse to learn and develop. The primary goal of the post holder is to help all the residents remain as independent as possible, limit their dependency and prevent them from losing their ability to function. To be responsible for following tailored plans of assistance for mobility, communication, social interaction, nutrition and physical care. Local accommodation is available, so a nurse looking to relocate can be cared for as organised by the home. The right candidate will be RMN first level qualified, with a current NMC PIN. Experience in dementia care, or a specialism in such from your training would be beneficial. Strong written and verbal communication skills are required, as is a lively and outgoing personality. To apply for this excellent entry level position, please contact Ross Taylor, on ross.taylorteam24.co.uk or **** **** **** About us: Team24 is a healthcare recruitment specialist which provides healthcare workers for a wide range of temporary placements, from doctors to specialist nurses across the NHS and private sectors. We pride ourselves on providing an exceptional quality of service to all in the healthcare sector, including the NHS, GP Surgeries, Mental Health Institutions, Prisons, Charities, Community Nursing, Nursing Homes, Residential Homes and the Military. We supply Nurses, Care workers, GP’s, Consultants and Homecare, on a 24 hour basis depending on when you need work. We can do this on a Temporary, Fixed Term Contract or Permanent Basis, what ever you need, when ever you need it. We work throughout the UK, supporting clients when they need us and working in partnership with them to ensure that we supply the right member of staff for their needs. As a company we are growing on a weekly basis and have numerous opportunities available in various trusts and private organisations throughout the UK, if this role isn’t what you are looking for why not send you details to our recruitment team via email recruitersteam24.co.uk or visit our website at www.team24.co.uk Thank you for your interest. Team24 is an Equal Opportunity Employer