Title: Nurse Advisor COPD
Webindex: 56209766
Description: Job Title COPD Nurse Location  Watford Hours  Full Time or Part Time  Monday to Friday 9am  5pm Salary  ****k  ****k Company Eclypse Recruitment are recruiting for a pioneering Telemedicine with highquality, lowcost systems available for use in GP surgeries and pharmacies as well as within other institutions, commercial premises and private homes. Telemedicine is an emerging health opportunity, which utilises everimproving technology enabling clinicians to have rapid access to medical data through telecommunications and information technology. My client has developed specific software and hardware solutions to support the management of patients within their own homes who are living with long term conditions such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), diabetes or cardiovascular disease. The software and hardware is used to gather information on clinical variables such as blood pressure, blood glucose or BMI and general health and wellbeing as part of the management of patients with longterm conditions. Their products are used within the NHS including in an award winning services in Scotland for the management of COPD patients. Job Role A Nurse Specialists in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), you will have gained clinical expertise through learning and development, gaining additional qualifications and in the management of specialist services for patients with COPD within the public or private healthcare sector. You will be using your clinical skills to develop protocols and care pathways for the remote management of patients. You will be used to working on your own or within a small clinical team and will be experienced in working with varying case loads. As the expert in your clinical area you will be responsible for the day to day running of nurse led clinical support services relating to your area of specialism. The business will seek guidance and advice from you in our journey from a technology led provider to a healthcare provider. It is envisaged that these will be 'in hours' support services. There is the opportunity for you to establish and develop your own team of nurses and healthcare assistants as the service grows. Experience in setting up a new service or redesigning an existing service will be essential whether gained as a service lead or as part of a service team. If you would like to apply for this post please call Emma at Eclypse on **** **** or email your CV to esmitheclypserecruitment.co.uk