Title: Water Treatment Sales/Accounts Manager  East Midlands
Webindex: 69010433
Company: Future Select Recruitment
Description: A forward thinking and progressive water treatment company that has a national presence and provides an array of water treatment services to clients across the UK is presently looking for a selfdriven and high calibre Water Treatment Sales/Accounts Manager to work for them in East Midlands  South Yorkshire/Lincolnshire area. This role will involve 60% sales and 40% accounts. The successful candidate must come from a strong chemical/sales/accounts/management background  must have a thorough knowledge of the water treatment/water hygiene market and must have proven experience working within this role and within the water treatment industry. The role will involve winning new legionella/water treatment contracts  cross selling their water treatment/legionella services to a cross section of clients nationally and at the same time managing the accounts. Maintaining and developing good relations with clients  prospecting and closing clients, hence good clientfacing skills will be required for this role. In general, the successful candidate will be commercially focused, have excellent communication/organizational/people management skills and at the same have the ability to take the business forward. This is a good opportunity to join a highly successful company that offers a competitive salary, plus OTE, company car and along with other benefits. Future Select are recruiting in the Water Treatment/Hygiene industry. We would be interested in speaking to candidates with experience in any disciplines from Risk Assessors, Service Engineers, Accounts Manager, Business Development/Operational Managers through to Director level. We are dealing with clients across the UK, salaries ****k. Please feel free to visit our website (url removed) for further details. We are inundated with applications, will endeavour to get back in touch, however if you have applied to Future Select and you have not heard from us after a week, on this occasion, you will not have been successful. Your details will be saved on our system and you will be contacted in the future if a vacancy matches your skills