Title: Nurse : Lead Nurse  Treatment Centre  HBLEADNURSE
Webindex: 71413386
Description: Job Title: Lead Nurse Salary – Band 7 Location – Nottingham Hours – Permanent Full time JOB SUMMARY: The post holder will manage and coordinate the day to day running of the clinics and treatment facilities for the particular specialty/gateway. They will work closely with the multi disciplinary team and will be responsible for the development, implementation and coordination of care in the outpatient setting. The post holder will directly manage the nursing team, be an effective clinical leader and role model, and provide direct patient care, using experience to support the implementation of both clinical and nonclinical governance. My client is ideally looking for someone with managerial experience in outpatients. The right candidate will be working in the main areas: private patients, digestive diseases and cardiology/respiratory. If you have some experience in one of the areas it would be beneficial but not essential. Clinical Practice Responsible for the assessment of care needs in the department ensuring that the patient has a satisfactory experience by evaluating patient processes and redesigning care pathways as required. Provide specialist knowledge and advice to patients during clinical sessions as necessary. Undertake a clinical role in providing specialist treatment when required. Organise the day to day running of department by ensuring that staff are allocated appropriately to each area. Provide a key contact point within the department for any queries or complaints that may develop. Responsible for maintaining an efficient and effective service. Management Responsible for the adequate provision of staff, through off duty planning and staff allocation Coordinate the recruitment and selection of staff following Treatment Centre procedures. Undertake training and appraisal of all untrained staff employed within the department. Monitor and record staff absence and sickness in accordance with the Treatment Centre policy. Demonstrate clear lines of communication within the defined clinical area, which result in clear responsibilities being identified within the Department. Encourage all staff to be involved in service development and changes that improve the patient experience. Identify areas for development in conjunction with the management team encouraging a culture that ensures contribution from all grades of staff. Ensure effective communication between the multidisciplinary team to ensure effective team working. Encourage departmental staff to manage resources effectively, by the effective use of clinical and nonclinical supplies. Ensure that all Treatment Centre policies and procedures are implemented and monitored for their effectiveness. Monitor and record all incident reports submitted under the Treatment Centre policy, changing practice accordingly. Participate in management team meetings as appropriate. Training & Qualifications Current level one NMC registration Teaching & Assessing Qualification Possession of a Mentoring Course Degree or equivalent Experience Minimum of 5 years post registration experience Proven management/leadership experience Ability to lead change and lead new ways of working Ability to set up and establish new services For more information please contact Holly Brace at JP Recruit on **** **** or **** **** **** alternatively please submit your CV to hollyjprec.co.uk