Title: HSE Coach  Singapore
Webindex: 69171434
Company: ACORN RECRUITMENT LIMITED
Description: HSE Coach  Singapore Our client is a subsea contractor offering a range of services to the oil and gas and marine industries. Their services include dynamically positioned vessels, subsea equipment, personnel, engineering and know how. Due to continued growth, we have been asked to source a HSE Coach to work onshore and aboard/vessels off the Singapore coast. Job Purpose To coach and provide input and support for the safe conduct of work by personnel associated with the development and operation of the Companys work sites and associated offshore projects. Responsibilities  Provide onboard safety and loss prevention information, support and mentorship to Marine, Project and Operations personnel and other internal clients to ensure the conduct of safe and hygienic work practices as per the NOPSEMA accepted vessel Safety Case and the companys IMS.  Provide onboard training and coaching in Task Risk Assessment, Permit to Work, Job Analysis and Hazard observations (HOC).  Take an active role in the development of the permit to work system and provide independent oversight by auditing selected permits issued.  Assist with the development and presentation of safety training courses.  Conduct regular facility safety inspections of operating plant and equipment and personnel, as well as new modifications under construction.  Participate in audits of safety program implementation.  Participate in emergency response training, drills and exercises.  Assist in incident control during accidents or emergencies.  Participate in incident investigations, including near misses, property damage, injuries, occupational illness and spills/loss of containment.  Ensure that safety equipment and facilities are kept in best working condition by implementing inspections of Preventative Maintenance Systems and equipment.  Participate in safety reviews as required, including HAZID, whatif, cause and effects reviews.  Assist the medic with industrial hygiene surveys to identify and quantify occupational workplace stresses.  Keep abreast of new developments, safe working practices, government regulations and relevant internal codes of practice.  Participate in the implementation of the companys IMS.  Facilitate Risk Assessments.  Provide weekly reports to the HSEQ Manager in accordance with the companys IMS.  Ensure all supervised work activities are carried out in accordance with company policies and standards.  Report all hazard observations, incidents and near misses as required by company procedures. Qualifications / Experience  Formal HSE training (NEBOSH or similar).  Minimum of 5 years relevant industry experience.  HAZID facilitation.  Risk Assessments.  Incident reporting and analysis (Kelvin Topset Incident Investigation skills preferred).  HOC behavioral observation program.  Worksite inspection and reporting. Rewards  ****  ****k per annum  Funded Flights and Visas  Accommodation assistance whilst onshore This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HSECoachSingapore_job****