Title: Integrated Healthcare Specialist, N Lancs / Sefton / Wirral (dermatology)
Webindex: 68824794
Company: Sapling Recruitment Ltd
Description: HEADCOUNT INTEGRATED HEALTHCARE SPECIALIST VACANCY Our client, a medium sized European company specialising in dermatology and critical care, is seeking to recruit an Integrated Healthcare Specialist to achieve sales by maximise prescribing opportunities for products within their Psoriasis Portfolio through creating clinical and commercial demand from Primary Care prescribers and influencers. SR **** North Lancashire, Sefton, Wirral In this role you will be responsible for:  Developing a robust Key Account Management plan to maximise prescribing and promotion to key primary care players e.g. commissioners, NHS managers, budget holders, clinical commissioning leads, prescribing leads, referral reduction service improvement lead, finance leads, public health representatives, health board members, area prescribing committees etc.  Managing a list of key primary care customers (predominantly GPs) and promoting the portfolio to these customers ensuring appropriate prescribing and advocacy.  Informing and engaging key primary healthcare stakeholders of the value to patients and the NHS of prescribing the portfolio.  Identifying and developing local primary care Key Opinion Leaders.  Accountable for identifying account needs and recommending business opportunities.  Facilitating market access prelaunch  Identifying strategies and opportunities to improve the position of the dermatology portfolio in formularies and local guidelines, and to drive service redesign  Effectively promote brands to targeted decision makers with formulary/ guidelines/ protocols  Facilitate mutually positive links between primary and secondary care.  Facilitate the development of colleagues, providing coaching, mentoring and other support as required. Applicants wishing to be considered must meet the following criteria:  Proven track record of influencing a wide range of healthcare professionals both prescribing and nonprescribing advisors, medicines management teams, commissioners, clinical leads, to achieve tangible business outcomes at PCT and commissioning group level.  Be able to demonstrate excellent teamwork, including collaborative teamworking to achieve objectives, influencing colleagues and taking accountability for results.  An indepth understanding of Key Account Management and examples of successful implementation are essential.  Educated to degree level or equivalent with ABPI qualification ( preferably Wellards diploma)  Already live work on territory  Full UK driving licence with no more than **** points  Current or previous dermatology expertise would be an asset, but is not essential. In return, you will be rewarded with a generous basic salary (up to **** dependent on experience), plus tax free daily allowance, fully expensed company car or allowance if preferred, laptop mobile telephone, pension, private healthcare bonus along with a host of other benefits. Email us a copy of your CV if you d like to register your interest in this position  please note however that if you have not received a response from us within 7 days your application has not been successful on this occasion. All applications will be treated in the strictest of confidence, and your CV will never be sent out without your express consent. Know someone else who is currently job hunting, then why not pass on our details? You will receive **** as a thank you if we place them.