Title: Care Assistant (Elderly Residential)  Leeds
Webindex: 70475046
Company: Swiis Healthcare
Description: SWIIS urgently requires experienced care assistants to work with elderly service users within a residential home in the Leeds area. Candidates must have experience working with elderly people, have knowledge of the ageing process and be able to respond to the personal care needs of the service users, ensuring their dignity is respected at all times. Some but not all service users have dementia.Successful applicants must be able to provide current, valid certificates as evidence of having completed training in the following areas: Moving and Handling, SOVA, Infection Control, Basic Life Support, Administration of Medication.These roles are available on an ad hoc shift basis. You will be offered the prospect of working varied shifts, including night and weekend work. However, for the purpose of registration you will be expected to commit to a minimum of 3 shifts per week and be available at times for short notice work.Why SWIIS?SWIIS is a provider of quality services, led by people who have extensive knowledge of the health and social care industry and the needs of the different sectors within which we work. SWIIS offers all workers full continuous professional training, dedicated consultant and ****4 hour oncall support, and flexible working opportunities to meet individual workers’ requirements within their skill sectors. Benefits ****  **** per hour (dependent on the project). Free CRB. Free mandatory and servicespecific training. Ongoing professional update maintenance. Excellent outofhours management support. Essential requirements Excellent communication skills. At least **** year of recent paid experience in relevant field. Training in Moving and Handling, SOVA, Infection Control, Basic Life Support, Administration of Medication. Eligibility to work in the UK without work permit or visa restrictions. Commitment to the care and wellbeing of service users. Dedication to continued professional and personal development. Desirable Car driver or a willingness to travel. NVQ 2 in Health and Social Care (or equivalent). Current enhanced CRB. Apply nowIf you have the skills, attitude and experience to be successful in this role, we want to hear from you today. Please submit an uptodate CV detailing a full employment and study history. SWIIS is an Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. SWIIS is an equal opportunities employer.Due to the volume of applicants, if you have not received a response from us within 14 days, please assume that you have not been successful in your application. Terms and conditions apply.