Title: Qualified Children Social Worker Cornwall
Webindex: 46633669
Description: Social Worker required for work within Children & Families in the Cornwall area. We are currently seeking an experienced Social Worker to join a busy Child In Need Team in St Austell. The suitable candidate will have experience of working with children and families and identifying potential child protection or dealing with ongoing child protection issues Commitment to improving outcomes for these individuals in the short, medium and long term is paramount. Our Children In Need Team in St Austell require a social worker who has professional expertise and demonstrable experience in social work with vulnerbale children, young people and their families or a newly qualified worker with a demonstrable commitment to children and family work, reflected in either past experience or in the student placements undertaken. Knowledge of legislature and inspectional framework and to work within the structure of the ICS framework in accordance with policy and procedures as directed by relevant managers. Ability to undertake complex assessments of need, risks, strengths, produce analysis and translate into plan and outcome. Demonstrable skills in record keeping. Demonstrable skills in analysis of information. Demonstrable presentation skills (court etc). Understanding of the management structure and accountability levels within a statutory Social Care organisation. Demonstrable knowledge in the current agenda of Social Work within the children's social care service including an up to date knowledge of national and local issues. Must hold a recognised social work qualification. Would like candidate for an immediate start for a minimum of one month contract. Candidate must have own car and a full driving licence. Requirements: Minimum **** months post qualifying experience within the relative team. GSCC Current enhanced CRB (within last 12mths) Recognised social work qualification Ideally a driver with access to own car Able to reside and work in the UK To discuss this role or any other Unqualified Social Care roles in South please contact Kelly Stock at Eden Brown on **** **** **** or email your CV to: k.stockedenbrown.com Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.