Title: Mobile Optical Advisor Jobs in Leicester
Webindex: 69152106
Company: Flame Health Associates LLP
Description: Flame Health Optometry  Mobile Optical Advisor Jobs in Leicester Flame Health Optometry have been tasked with finding Mobile Optical Advisor in the Leicester area for our client who provide a mobile home visiting optical service to those who are unable to travel to the high street ensuring the delivery of a high quality professional service, to meet company standards of patient care, customer satisfaction and commercial activity. As a Mobile Optical Assistant you will be reporting to the Manager of the Field Delivery Team. Your particular contribution to the overall process lies in delivering, fitting and the testing of prescription glasses. In addition you will be expected to carry out “Aftercare” home visits, inline with service level agreements. You will have frequent contact with a group of vulnerable people who have a range of optical needs that you will be sympathetic to, and to a great extent be able to respond to and satisfy by offering the patient the opportunity to purchase all the complimentary products that would normally be available to them in the high street. Key Attributes: Self starter  Highly selfmotivated and focused on achieving challenging goals. Confident about working in a role were you will be alone for long periods of time. Naturally work focused  willing to work extended hours to ensure service levels and targets are met. Commercially focused and energised by a targetoriented environment. Dedicated to exemplary patient service and prepared to go the extra mile to ensure patient satisfaction. Excellent communication skills. Strong desire to succeed, in an environment where success is celebrated and the need to be fulfilled is recognised. Benefits: Very competitive salary Uncapped monthly bonus Fully expensed company car Comprehensive training Career progression opportunities Company pension To apply for this position or enquire about additional Optical Advisor job opportunities in Leicester or the Leicestershire region  Contact Flame Health freephone on **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email us a copy of your CV optometryflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business