Title: RGN Clinical Lead Nurse Warminster
Webindex: 51061170
Description: RGN Clinical Lead for Nursing Home in Warminster, Wiltshire Competitive Salary and Excellent Career Opportunities Eclypse Recruitment are currently recruiting for an excellent nursing home based in Warminster, Wiltshire which is currently recruiting for a RGN Clinical Lead. The home is a large nursing home which caters for elderly frail residents and EMI residents. The home is well established in the local area and the home manager is very keen to recruit a strong clinical lead who can move from unit to unit advising on clinical standards throughout the nursing home. As the clinical lead you will be working clinically on the floor with the other nurses but making sure the clinical standards are high and if needed providing training or arranging training for clinical staff in the home. You will be responsible for the following: Clinical Standards Training Developing the clinical services in the whole nursing home The home is large with more than 50 beds and we are looking for an RGN Clinical Lead who has lots of experience working in nursing homes and someone who has a very strong clinical background. The home is based in Warminster in Wiltshire but unless you live very locally it is preferable that you drive and have access to your own transport. Your contracted hours will be ****6 hours per week and you will generally work 3 long days a week. Your contract will include weekend work and the occasional night if you need to cover any shifts. We are looking for a very experienced Senior Nurse who has a strong background in nursing homes and elderly care. In return you will be paid a competitive salary with a good company package. Salary is between ****  **** dependent upon experience. If you are an RGN Clinical Lead Nurse in Warminster and you would like to be considered for this post, then please contact Becky at Eclypse Recruitment with you CV. Keywords: Clinical Lead Nurse, Elderly Nursing Home, Warminster