Title: Managing Optometrist Jobs in Morecambe
Webindex: 72226477
Company: Flame Health Associates LLP
Description: Flame Health Optometry  Managing Optometrist Jobs in Morecambe Flame Health Optometry are looking to recruit an Managing Optometrist in Morecambe There has never been a better time to join a company that can provide a solid career structure as well as an unbeatable support system to help you achieve your career aims. This company can provide a wide variety of career choices in a huge range of working environments and every practice meets the needs of people from every walk of life. Put simply, there’s a range of practices to suit all optics professionals. Whether you are looking to work primarily in a single location, across a number of practices or as one of their growing band of professional managers. As an optometrist you must be able to combine a real professional interest in your field with a passion for providing exceptional standards of service. This will give you the opportunity to really drive the business from the consulting room. Your clinical excellence will fuel the companies’ success. The company has key development programmes because they are interested in who you are, and they want to support you to be the best you can. So every effort will be made to ensure that you have every opportunity to explore your potential, and realise it. In return for your hard work and enthusiasm, the company will reward you with a package that is one of the best and most comprehensive in the UK. As well as a competitive salary, other options include flexible fulltime, part time and annualised hours. The great range of benefits include 29 days Holiday plus bank holidays Bonus based on store performance Company car scheme or car allowance Staff discount card offering generous savings Generous company sick pay scheme Employee share scheme GOC fees and professional indemnity cover paid Stakeholder pension scheme Discounted healthcare and dental plans You will be a qualified GOC registered Optometrist and have previous Managing experience. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Optometrist Job Opportunities in Morecambe or the Lancashire Region  Contact Flame Health Frephone on **** **** **** or from a mobile on **** **** **** alternatively email optometryflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency and Employment Business