Title: General Nurses Needed Within Cheshire
Webindex: 66601643
Company: Team 24 
Description: I am currently supplying to a number of Hospitals across Cheshire. I am looking for Nurses with at least 12 months post graduate experience working within Medical or Surgical settings with access to transport. If you are looking for either part time or full time work please contact me on my details below or call me on to arrange an interview locally to yourself. The successful candidates will  Have a minimum 12 months recent experience in working within a Accute Hospital environment Have excellent communication skills Have the ability to adapt to different hospital environments Be flexible and reliable Be able to provide 2 referee contact details from acute settings Be willing to have an enhanced CRB Check completed on them Be able to provide Occupational Health documents In return Team 24 will offer you  Excellent rates of pay Flexible hours to meet your needs Immediate employment opportunities upon completion of your recruitment with us Personal Consultant to understand and meet your needs Plus much more Our opportunities are endless whether you want ad hoc shifts or long term assignments Team 24 can meet your requirements so call today on or apply online. About us: Team24 is a healthcare recruitment specialist which provides healthcare workers for a wide range of temporary placements, from doctors to specialist nurses across the NHS and private sectors. We pride ourselves on providing an exceptional quality of service to all in the healthcare sector, including the NHS, GP Surgeries, Mental Health Institutions, Prisons, Charities, Community Nursing, Nursing Homes, Residential Homes and the Military. We supply Nurses, Care workers, GP's, Consultants and Homecare, on a 24 hour basis depending on when you need work. We can do this on a Temporary, Fixed Term Contract or Permanent Basis, what ever you need, when ever you need it. We work throughout the UK, supporting clients when they need us and working in partnership with them to ensure that we supply the right member of staff for their needs. As a company we are growing on a weekly basis and have numerous opportunities available in various trusts and private organisations throughout the UK, if this role isn't what you are looking for why not send you details to our recruitment team via email or visit our website at Thank you for your interest. Team24 is an Equal Opportunity Employer