Title: Manager  RGN, Winchester  Winchester
Webindex: 70263578
Company: Populus Healthcare
Description: Nursing Home Manager  Hampshire / Winchester  RGN  ****k  ****k Populus are proud to announce a superb management vacancy working within elderly care. Successful candidates will work within a management position and oversee the care of circa **** service users. Candidates should currently be working in a Home Manager or Deputy Manager / Clinical Lead role and candidates must have strong clinical skills. The successful applicant will be involved in a wide range of management related tasks including ensuring CQC regulations are met, ensuring quality care is delivered at all times, safeguarding the wellbeing of all service users, staff / nurse management, liaise with family members and external stakeholders. Via use of excellent clinical skills you will ensure that the care, health and safety of all residents is assessed and delivered to the best possible standards. My client seeks a personable, friendly and caring Manager with a stable background and strong knowledge of elderly care. You will manage a clinical team of nurses and help to ensure that the care delivered to service users continues to be delivered in an excellent fashion. This home has an excellent reputation for care in the local area and the organisation are eager to ensure this is maintained. You will join a caring, compassionate organisation whose primary aim is to ensure a high standard of life for all service users. This is a large, modern establishment which is boasts fantastic facilities including beautiful gardens and physical attributes including interiors and bedrooms etc. It is an excellent environment that has been designed specifically for the care of elderly service users. The home caters for nursing, residential and dementia sufferers. The successful candidate will be: • Hold RGN or RMN nursing qualification • General management experience • Knowledge of quality standards • CQC legislation knowledge • Home promotion skills • Ability to manage multiple priorities effectively • Strong planning and organisational skills • Good communication skills