Title: Foster Carer / Fostering
Webindex: 70037189
Company: Gemploy.com
Description: We are looking for experienced carers as well as people with no experience but who have a genuine interest in caring for children. You do need to have a genuine interest in providing care to children and be able to provide a safe and secure home, and an empty spare bedroom. If you??re a special caring kind of person and you feel you might be able to help foster a child, then please get in touch for an initial conversation, and potentially kickstart the most rewarding work you??ll ever do You will:  Earn up to **** per week, per child, plus allowances  Receive support from social care professionals  Receive regular training and supervision  Work alongside parents of children in your care and their Social Workers  Make a difference to a young person??s life You don't have to have any prior qualifications but you will need to undertake preparation training as part of the initial assessment process of ??Skills to Foster??. This includes behaviour management, loss and attachments, how fostering impacts on your family, record keeping, the legal system etc. You will need to participate in ongoing supervision and training as a Foster Carer. As part of the initial assessment you will need to show that you understand children and their needs. Personal skills take precedence over academic ability and requirements include a stable home life, a caring nature and a desire to work with children. There is no maximum age limit or ideal family situation and each application is reviewed on its own merits. A history in care work or working with children is helpful but not essential. Having brought up children of your own is a plus but again, not essential. Gemploy.com is a leading provider of Online Flatfee Recruitment Services nationwide. Services offered by Gemploy.com Ltd are those of an employment agency / business. We will provide our Client with your full details, subject to their criteria, in order that they can consider whether you may be suitable for this vacancy. Your details, as submitted by you, will not be put forward for any other vacancy without your permission. By submitting your CV, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose.