Title: Lecturer in Healthcare Practice
Webindex: 71620431
Company: Gloucestershire College
Description: Lecturer in Healthcare Practice **** **** per annum pro rata 14.5 hours per week (**** FTE) We are looking to hire a Lecturer in Healthcare Practice (Practicing Nurse with an active PIN) To create effective and stimulating opportunities for learning on the Health Care programmes, including our new Foundation Degree in Health Care Practice (Adult nursing) through high quality teaching that enables the development and progression of all learners. About the College Gloucestershire College is a successful college of further and higher education in the UK, offering a wide range of education and training programmes, including A Levels and GCSEs, vocational qualifications, workbased learning, basic skills courses, higher education, short courses for business, parttime day and evening courses and English for overseas students. Main duties and responsibilities: Learning and teaching Provide learning activities which meet curriculum requirements and the aims and needs of all learners. Plan and use a range of effective and appropriate teaching and learning techniques to engage and motivate learners and encourage independence and learner autonomy. Establish a purposeful and motivating learning environment where learners feel safe, secure, confident and valued. Establish and maintain procedures with learners which promote and maintain appropriate behaviour, communication and respect for others, while challenging discriminatory behaviour and attitudes. Select and develop a range of effective resources, including appropriate use of new and emerging technologies ensuring they are inclusive, promote equality and engage with diversity Evaluate the efficiency and effectiveness of own teaching, including consideration of learner feedback and learning theories. Use listening and questioning techniques appropriately and effectively in a range of learning contexts. Evaluate and improve own communication skills to maximise effective communication and overcome identifiable barriers to communication. Collaborate and communicate appropriately with colleagues and external agencies to encourage learner progress. Provide opportunities for learners to understand how the specialist area relates to the wider social, economic and environmental context. Work with learners to address particular individual learning needs and overcome identified barriers to learning. Work with colleagues with relevant learner expertise to identify and address literacy, language and numeracy development in own specialist area. For a comprehensive list of duties, please refer to the College job description. Essential Experience, Skills and Qualifications: Practicing Nurse with an active PIN. HE Teaching experience Relevant professional experience in Nursing or Care. A demonstrable record of personal and professional development. Diploma, degree or professional qualification in Nursing. Minimum of level 2 literacy and numeracy or willingness to complete. Certificate in education / PGCE / DTLLS (or willing to complete) Qualified Teacher status (or willing to complete) Engaged in continuing professional development Equality and Diversity and Safeguarding training or willingness to undertake Motivate and inspire young people to want to achieve their individual learning aims and qualifications. Structure and present information clearly and effectively. Communicate effectively and appropriately using different forms of language and media, including written, oral and nonverbal communication, and new and emerging technologies to enhance learning. Belief in the benefits education and training can bring Willing to reflect on and demonstrate commitment to improvement of own personal and teaching skills through regular evaluation and use of feedback. Willingness to work evenings and weekends Able to travel between College sites if required Enhanced CRB Check Desirable Experience, Skills and Qualifications: FE teaching experience. Experience of or desire to work with young people. Experience of training or mentoring mature students Hours 14.5 hours per week (**** FTE) Closing date 17th February 2013 Please send your current CV to Sharronr21education.co.uk you will then be sent an application form. Please note that this College does NOT accept CV s.