Title: Manager  Birmingham
Webindex: 71607151
Company: Goodall Brazier Ltd
Description: Our outstanding client with a nearly perfect reputation with the very highest standards of care is looking for a Residential Coordinator Manager required for old age and dementia must be a nurse (RGN OR RMN PREFFERABLE RGN. This home is a fantastic home with amazing facilities and features with a much modernised touch providing an excellent service for the residents.A strong candidate is needed to report to Registered Manager for all matters relating to regulatory standards set out by CQC. There is also a dotted reporting line into the General Manager for personal and career development, appraisals and pay review and all budgetary matters. The Registered Manager will also work in partnership with other Coordinator colleagues, and the Area Care Team to deliver high quality care. Responsible for:Residential Manager – Alzheimer’s and Dementia – (Knowle)Resident Programmes and Care Plans, organises, develops and directs the overall operation of the Neighbourhood in accordance with CQC regulations and company standards and guidelines. Champions high standards of care within the Resident Centred Care Model. Facilitates the production of Individual Service Plans (ISPs), Risk Assessments and Daily Assignment Sheets and monitors ongoing process and practice. Prior to ‘move in’, review residents’ files and schedule family meetings to discuss resident profiles – coordinates the health care needs with the team and ensures resident has current Individual Service Plan according to company policy and CQC guidelines. Ensures the right resources are in place to deliver quality care and meet residents’ needs. Manages the care assessment process to determine levels of care with the appropriate staffing levels in partnership with the Registered Manager and General Manager. Partners with other coordinators to ensure individual resident needs and preferences are met. Recognises changes to a resident’s wellbeing / condition and takes appropriate action. Communicates regularly with families, GPs and other multi agency professionals. Additional responsibilities specific to the Residential Coordinator Dementia manager Neighbourhood: Acts as the community champion for the Reminiscence programme and activities. Demonstrates competence and leads programming with the assistance of the Activities and Volunteer Coordinator for the Residential Coordinator Designs, schedules and facilitates the Residential programme incorporating Life Skills and focusing on creating pleasant days including a range of activities appropriate for residents who have dementia. Quality Assurance and Regulatory Compliance Ensures the Neighbourhood follows all national minimum standards and company standards as they pertain to resident care and services. Report issues or concerns to the Registered Manager and the General Manager Strives to achieve an ‘excellent’ CQC rating. Develops and implements corrective plan of action in areas of poor performance, non compliance with CQC regulations and / or company standards. Develops a thorough working knowledge of current and evolving laws and regulations, policies and procedures relating to resident care and ensures compliance. Assists in the leadership and promotion of the company Health and Safety Programs and Risk Management policies. Ensures all required documentation is completed in accurately and in a timely manner. People Management Overall management of the Neighbourhood team members ensuring the right people are in the right place and doing a good job. Ensuring staffing levels are in line with recruitment targets of 120% and that job holders meet the requirements of the role. Ensures all team members receive the appropriate induction and all mandatory training is completed within the specified timescales. Training Delivery as and when required. Manages the performance of team members and ensures regular reviews and appraisals take place. Areas of poor performance or conduct are to be addressed in an appropriate and timely manner. Complete staff supervisions bimonthly or as required. Act as a role model for team members and other managers. Schedule shifts, work patterns and training to ensure correct staffing levels in place at all times. Champions the Designated Care Manager approach to care delivery. Holds self and team accountable for delivery of quality care, implements corrective action as and when required and documents for record keeping. Attends Management meetings and training as and when required. Keeps up to date with developments in elderly care through reading, attending conferences and training sessions. Establishes cooperative relationships with local support groups for the elderly and Alzheimer’s and facilitates support for families from these groups. Financial Management Ensures clinical budget is utilised efficiently. Understands and manages the department budget to include labour and other expenses and its impact on the Community’s profitability. Reviews labour costs on a week by week basis and implements initiatives that minimise costs without compromising staffing levels or quality of care, in discussion with the General Manager. Understands the internal costs associated with all company resident care programmes and ensures the community is achieving the care pack utilisation budget. Family Services Communicates regularly with families, GPs and other Multi disciplinary agencies, through the use of letters, phone calls, family buddies, family gatherings and Individual Service Plan meetings. Acts as a resource and meets the residents’ and family members’ social programme while encouraging family involvement. Additional responsibilities specific to the Residential Dementia Neighbourhood: Oversees the operation of the Family Resource Library and maintains standards and resources along with information on Alzheimer’s disease. GB Care is one of the fastest growing Social Care recruitment Consultancies in the UK. Specialising in two main areas of healthcare recruitment, having teams of professional recruiters to tackle both clinical and back of house solutions. We recruit in particular Nurses, Management, Regional management and Directors.Please call me on **** **** to discuss or contact my email on sam.mwandogoodallbrazier.com