Title: Nutritional Nurse Advisor  Bedford
Webindex: 72187323
Company: Equal Approach
Description: Nutritional Nurse Advisor Luton, Dunstable and surrounding areas. Package includes: Company Car, bonus, pension, 25 days holiday. Private Health, daily allowance, NMC and RCN registration paid, phone and laptop. If you would like to work autonomously, and enjoy working in a teaching, support and clinical nurse capacity as well as maintaining a professional approach at all times, then this role will offer you the right opportunity, where you will be able to specialise in one therapy area. This is a field based Nutritional Nurse opportunity supporting home enterally fed patients via home visits and telephone support. A patient facing role you will work alongside a Clinical Nurse Manager and will attend contract and Service Level Agreement review meetings and then present back on the achievement of your activities. Daily responsibilities will include: Supporting families and carers to obtain the optimum nutritional state Promote and support positive enteral feeding practices for patients and carers Support the objectives of early supportive discharge and admission avoidance (pre & unplanned) To develop high level expertise in Malnutrition and the universal screening tool 'MUST’ Be aware and take into consideration current legislation, and nutritional trends and research Team player, with flexibility, who can also work in isolation, and be accountable for own clinical decisions. Minimum Requirements for the role. NMC Registered. RGN qualified with a minimum of 2 years post registration nursing experience Full UK driving licence Computer skills Excellent time management skills and planning is essential Strong communication skills  for patient and carer training and presentations to the account (Dieticians and Hospital and Community based nurses) Preferable Requirements Experience in the oral supplement /Enteral feed therapy area ENB 998 or equivalent. Experience of working independently Experience of working in a commercial/customer service organization Our client specialises in the delivery of advanced medical nutrition for patients requiring disease and malnutrition management. They pride themselves in their constant innovation through products and services, a flexible approach in the way they work in partnership with their customers and the care they provide their often vulnerable patient groups. EA Clinical and Healthcare specialise in recruiting nurses and medical professionals and clinicians at all levels nationally for the commercial market. If you are interested in this position please send your CV in application to pippa.gardinerequalapproach.com or call **** **** **** for further information Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and Equal Approach actively encourages candidate applications from all sections of the community.If you need to receive this information in an alternative format, please contact Equal Approach and we will take reasonable steps to arrange this for you. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and we actively encourage candidate applications from all sections of the community. The successful candidate may be required to undertake an Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau Check.