Title: Qualified Social Worker Quality Assurance Officer / Northfleet  Gravesend
Webindex: 71805322
Company: Kent Social Care Professionals
Description: YOU MUST BE A QUALIFIED SOCIAL WORKER WITH EXPERIENCE OF FOSTERING / CHILDREN AND YOUNG PEOPLE TO APPLY FOR THIS ROLE. Our client is a registered charity established nearly 20 years, and has created this post for Quality Assurance/Tendering Officer. You will take a key role in the development, monitoring, review and reporting of quality assurance across the organisation. This new post offers the opportunity to join a genuinely child focused organisation. It’s about making real positive improvements to children’s lives. This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced candidate able to work with a degree of autonomy while reporting to the Director of Care. The primary role is the quality assurance function in these key areas: •Our internal QA systems •the collection and analysis of data required by our contractual arrangements with local authority partners. •The collection and analysis of data required by the inspectorate •The collection, analysis and presentation of data to support our tender applications •To contribute to the creation of a child centred QA system that truly reflects and represents the achievements of the children, staff and carers. You, the successful candidate •are likely to be based near Bluewater •will understand the approach and values adopted at inspections •are able to meet targets and deadlines •will be responsible for the collection, evaluation and analysis of data for agency development and to meet the needs of local authority partners including tendering applications •will have previous experience in a relevant social care environment and quality assurance or related area. •can demonstrate an understanding of an outcomesbased approach to foster care •are able to focus on the necessary detailed requirements while being able to stand back to see the bigger picture. •have a knowledge of the regulatory framework for fostering in England and Wales •will assist the Director of Care and Registered Managers prepare for Ofsted and CSSIW inspections in terms of auditing and presentation of information •will contribute to the creation and maintenance of a database. •assist Registered Managers with quarterly quality assurance audits •will be confident in the use of IT to analyse and report on outcomes •want to make a constructive and positive contribution to putting the ethos of the organisation into practice. •have the ability to effectively communicate with colleagues and other professionals •have a pragmatic approach to meeting the requirements, timescales and demands of local authorities •have a sense of humour YOU MUST BE A QUALIFIED SOCIAL WORKER TO APPLY AND HAVE EXPERIENCE OF FOSTERING. Please do not apply if you do not have this experience. Our client is an Equal Opportunities Employer. If this vacancy is not exactly what you are looking for, you can search all of our vacancies on the Kent Social Care Professionals website. We offer an excellent referral bonus scheme if you recommend a friend If we place them in a new job, we will pay you a fee just for referring them.