Title: Waste Site Chemist
Webindex: 69933533
Company: City Centre Recruitment
Description: JOB DESCRIPTION MAIN PURPOSE OF JOB The purpose of the role is to efficiently receive Monitor and control all processes within the facility in terms of people and equipment to ensure operational productivities and storage bay availability. Ensure security of waste entering the facility and disposal in line with any stated customer requirement. Ensure inputs and outputs meet defined standards e.g. PPC, discharge consent, pre acceptance, onward transfer caveats, whilst driving best practice and continuous improvement in cost control and processing operations. Control material flows through the site to ensure delays and backlogs are minimised. To carry out regular stock control and inventory of materials, both waste and consumables held on site. To maintain a high level of housekeeping in all areas and ensure any housekeeping activities are carried out in an effective and timely manner. Keep abreast of Health, Safety and Environmental legislation and Company policy to ensure defined standards and best practice are implemented. Implement and ensure compliance with all company policy, process and procedures. Deputise for the Transfer Station Manager in their absence. Analyse and review activities, costcontrol, Health s, implementing necessary corrective actions in the event of variance. Work within crossdivisional teams to provide integrated waste solutions using best practice and through continuous improvement. To maintain necessary documentation and inspect loads for conformity and integrity. To respond to sales enquiries ensuring timely turnaround in the costing of work. Assist in Duty of Care compliance audits on Wednesbury and external disposal facilities. To become a CoTC holder and out of hours contact for the facility. To analyse samples according to Company Procedures To undertake work at other facilities including customer s premises. This may involve travelling and nights out. Help develop operating procedures and risk assessments setting pass/fail criteria for waste inputs and processes. Control contractors, visitors and incoming waste to the site. Ensure purchase commitments are in line with company purchasing policy. Deliver production and safety briefings. Promote a positive Health and Safety Culture with conscientious near miss/Hazard spotting reporting and zero LTI s. Carry out any other such reasonable job related tasks as the company may require you to undertake from time to time Essential Desirable Education/Qualifications: Minimum GCSE or equivalent in Maths Min HNC Chemistry qualification IOSH or other safety qualifications Management training or qualifications Hazardous treatment Experience: Experience as a chemist in a waste management business Development and implementation of data capture and recording systems Writing SOPs