Title: Head of Care  RGN  Southampton
Webindex: 70016219
Company: Appoint Group
Description: Appoint Group vacancy Job Title – Head of Care (RGN) Location – Southampton (Hampshire) Salary  **** (negotiable dependant on experience) Hours: Full Time Contract type: Permanent Job Description – We are currently looking for a Registered Nurse (RGN) with excellent clinical knowledge and experience to become the Head of Care within a large purposebuilt nursing home designed to meet the needs of elderly residents. The service enjoys an excellent reputation for care quality and succeeds in offering an attentive, friendly and homely environment. Staff morale is very high. As the Head of care you will get to know the service users and their families so that you can understand and assess a resident’s needs and validate decisions about their individual care. You will create and update care plans and maintain accurate and up to date medication records for all our residents. You will oversee and assist every aspect of nursing care and all activities for our residents and help to make sure everything runs smoothly and everyone feels at home. To be considered for this role all applicants must be a natural educator, happy to share your experience and professional knowledge of care with your colleagues and have a sound and up to date knowledge of tissue viability, infection control and care planning. Our client offers an extensive benefits package that includes:  A comprehensive induction, structured training scheme and ongoing career development opportunities  A fantastic preceptorship programme for newly qualified nurses  Excellent work environments  Competitive salary rates based on experience, qualifications and skill  Sick pay  5.6 weeks of paid holiday per annum  Paid breaks  Lunch on shift  Contributory pension scheme  Competitive staff benefits such as weekly offers and discounts  Bonus payment (every year)  Staff discounts  Holiday of a life time scheme  Free uniform  Christmas present Applicants must be RGN trained and must hold a valid PIN. All applicants should be eligible to live and work in the UK without restriction. Previous senior or managerial experience within elderly care is essential. For more information regarding this vacancy, please contact Erin Banner on **** **** or send a copy of your CV to erin.bannerappointgroup.co.uk.