Title: Band 6 Acute Occupational Therapist ??? Oxfordshire
Webindex: 69869466
Company: About Health Professionals
Description: Band 6 Acute Occupational Therapist  Oxfordshire Our client has a vacancy for a Band 6 Acute Occupational Therapist to work in Oxfordshire. The pay rate for this role is **** per hour. Duties   Making emergency assessments in a busy acute setting.  Facilitate early and safe discharge from hospital.  Preventing hospital admission using planned therapy programs.  Using uptodate Occupational Therapy techniques to facilitate independence within patients. Requirements  You must have a relevant qualification in Occupational Therapy, be professionally registered in the area you wish to work and be eligible to work in the UK. Candidates applying to work in England must hold a HCPC registration. You must have a minimum of **** year post qualifying experience working in Accident and Emergency and/or Emergency Assessment Unit is required. Intermediate Care experience would also be beneficial, but is not a requirement. Contact  This vacancy is advertised by Tom Russell, if you are interested in this vacancy please click the link below to apply now. What you can expect from About Heath Professionals:  Support from a dedicated consultant with extensive health care experience  Choice of a variety of positions throughout the UK within many specialism's  Excellent rates of pay  Automatic job alerts tailored to your requirements and experience  PAYE or LTD company payments  Excellent Referral Scheme  **** for each successfully placed referral About Health Professionals is part of Sanctuary Personnel, the largest independently owned social work recruitment company in the UK. Our high level of commitment and support within the allied health market separates us from other agencies in the sector. About Sanctuary:  Preferred supplier to **** local authorities and organisations such as the NHS.  Specialist social work training division 'Sanctuary Training'  We have our own DBS (formerly CRB) umbrella body, including faster online DBS applications  Double winners of the 2012 national Recruiter Awards for Excellence in the 'Best Public Sector Recruitment Agency' and 'Best Client Service' categories  Sixtime winners of the Archant Recruitment awards