Title: Account Manager South West  Renal
Webindex: 68285763
Company: Orrery Recruitment Ltd
Description: Account Manager  Renal Medicine This is a great opportunity to get into one of the most respected, people orientated companies in the market. Outstanding and palpable culture where talent thrives. This company has a very low turn over of staff due to superb succession planning. The ideal applicant would have had a solid career in Medical sales and developed into an exceptional Sales professional, grounded and methodical. I need a focused well rounded approach to winning business ideally with superb clinical competence in Renal Medicine. This is about understanding clinically messaging and how that translates into an Economic Value proposition so you need to an expert in Renal and a Clinical Sales process Bristol,Bath,South Wales This is role will see you work daily with clinical professionals in ITU, Nutrition, Specialist Clinicians alongside procurement ,EBME and financial stockholders. Successful track record in Medical Device is key to a successful application as is attitude and Key Account Management skills. Responsible for managing welldefined accounts within the Business in order to maximise revenue, customer growth and customer satisfaction within a given geographical / business / assigned area by building, strengthening and enlarging longterm customer relationships. Achieve agreed sales and financial targets in line with received objectives for the geographical / business / assigned area responsible for Develop, implement and review account plans, in line with company commercial policies, for targeted customers, purchasers and influencers that drive sales of the products Build and develop professional longterm customer relationships by agreeing service requirements, owning customer issues and ensuring all parties are kept informed of relevant information in order to enhance customer loyalty and revenue generation Manage the complete sales cycle (including the negotiation of sales conditions) while gaining access to the appropriate decision makers and influencers in it .Explore the potential expansion of a sales opportunity to larger solutions by probing into areas that underlie, integrate with or bridge across the need under discussion providing a total package where appropriate . Minimum 3 years of Sales experience within Healthcare Industry / Hospital environment / medical sales. Minimum 2 years experience as an Account Manager within Healthcare Industry / Hospital environment / medical sales.