Title: Oncology Nurses x ****  Cheshire  Cheadle
Webindex: 71805348
Company: JP Recruitment Ltd
Description: A well established Oncology Suite requires two experienced Oncology Nurses within a Private Hospital in Cheshire.Working within a specialist area, the successful candidate must provide the highest quality of nursing care to patients receiving treatment for various cancers.My Client is looking to recruit nurses who have ideally worked within a similar setting, whether currently or previously. Have a sound knowledge of oncology, and can show evidence of assessing and planning. Core Responsibilities: Perform comprehensive assessment of patient nursing needs, plan, implement and evaluate care delivery as determined by care plans. Ensure care plans are regularly updated using evidencebased practice. After training administer IV Chemotherapy and nonchemotherapy IV treatments, ensuring prescriptions and regimes are followed. Ensure that all patient information and treatment is accurately documented in their records. Comply with all agreed nursing and organisational policies, procedures and protocols. Ensure the safe custody and administration of drugs according to the controlled drug policy. Support colleagues and management to ensure communication with all users of the service is of a high standard. Address highly sensitive and complex care issues with patients and carers who may have physical/psychological/social/cultural barriers to communication. Provide education to patients and relatives on aspects of chemotherapy treatment, including side effects and offer psychological support. Ensure all adverse occurrences are reported and you are familiar with the correct process for carrying this out. Delegate duties to suitably qualified and experienced members of the unit team as appropriate. Support colleagues in other parts of the hospital to ensure all patients have a safe journey through care. Ensure all equipment used is checked before use for cleanliness and is fit for purpose. Work daily in an environment that is subject to cytotoxic spillage and regular handling of blood and other bodily fluids. Able to deal with difficult behaviour on occasions where patients or their relatives feel angry and wish to complain. The Oncology service has recently expanded so now is a great time to come on board as possible opportunities for career progression and development awaits the right candidate. The Oncology Suite will also provide an OUTREACH service to patients in their own homes and the role may have on call commitment.Skills / Qualifications Required RGN, with Valid NMC Registration Qualification in a relevant oncology course desirable. Willing to work towards relevant oncology course. Must have evidence of being able to communicate at a high level and be a flexible team player.Salary for this role is between ****  **** per annum. Other benefits consist of great holiday entitlement, pension, private medical insurance, free parking, subsidised meals and annual pay increases.For further information and a full comprehensive job description, please call Zoe at JP Recruit on **** **** or email your CV to zoejprec.co.uk.