Title: QSW Children in Care Leaving Care
Webindex: 48271615
Description: Qualified Social Worker  Children in Care  Leaving Care  Greater Manchester  Full Time A Qualified Social Worker is required to join a Children in Care (Leaving Care) team on a full time basis in The Greater Manchester area. Working within the Children in Care  Leaving Care team, this Qualified Social Worker will have the following responsibilities:  To provide a high standard of social work support to young people of **** living in and leaving care to improve their life chances, safety, accommodation needs, education and employment, finances and independence skills.  To improve safeguarding arrangements, assessments, preparation and planning for care leavers.  Responsible for safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people at all times.  To ensure that Service Users are placed at the heart of the Service, are treated courteously and fairly and consulted on all aspects of their service provision.  Assessing the needs of young people in order that they achieve higher levels of independent living skills.  To formulate a Pathway Plan with every care leaver allocated and to review that Pathway Plan every six months or sooner if required. The successful Qualified Social Worker will be GSCC registered, have a current CRB and 2 years post qualification experience. To discuss this role or any other Qualified Social Worker jobs in The Greater Manchester area please contact Julia Snowball at The Synergy Group on **** **** **** or email your CV to julia.snowballsynergygroup.co.uk. Working with The Synergy Group offers:  The most experienced Social Work recruitment team in the UK  Access to the broadest selection of Social Work vacancies in the UK  The choice of PAYE or limited company schemes  Weekly payroll service  Excellent rates of pay  Personal service The Synergy Group is a specialist recruiter of Social Work jobs, to view a full selection of our current vacancies please visit synergygroup.co.uk The Synergy Group is an equal opportunities employer. For more opportunities, please visit www.synergygroup.co.uk