Title: Organic Chemistry Team Leader
Webindex: 71556876
Company: Reed
Description: Our client is the UK s biggest water and sewerage company with around 14 million customers. You would be joining a company with an amazing history and exciting future. There are a diverse set of roles within the organisation, ranging from engineering, scientific opportunities through to contact centre and regulation, finance and IT. On offer is a welcoming work environment and extensive benefits, as well as opportunities for career progression within the business. Role details This is a key role within a highthroughput laboratory, which is well equipped with state of the art analytical instrumentation. This particular team are passionate about maintaining the quality of drinking water and providing an excellent service to customers. We are looking for an effective problem solver to contribute to the development and validation of analytical techniques, and play a part in selecting future processes to meet changing customer demands. Leading, training and developing a team of analysts to undertake the preparation and analysis of samples, primarily within organic chemistry analysis techniques, you will be responsible for determining trace metals in waters and biosolids. The Team Leader will take responsibility for resources including analytical instrumentation, materials and laboratory infrastructure within the agreed budget and deadlines. Key responsibilities:  Manage all the people aspects of a small team in line with company policy.  Develop and contribute towards operational efficiency.  Optimise service delivery, in line with service line agreements and key performance indicators.  Carry out analysis as required and maintain a high level of technical competence.  Maintain compliancy with all aspects of Drinking Water Inspectorate (DWI) competent person guidance document. Your profile To be considered for this role you must hold a HNC/NVQ Level 3 in a scientific or equivalent discipline and ideally, a membership within a professional body in line with DWI guidance. You must be able to demonstrate relevant industry experience and solid technical understanding. The ideal candidate will have a strong business awareness, and can think about the team s goals both independently and within the organisation as a whole. The ability to lead, manage, motivate and develop people within a team is key. Good communication, interpersonal and organisational skills are imperative. We are looking for someone who can work well under pressure and prioritise intelligently to react to issues when they arise. You will have good basic IT skills. The closing date for this role is Tuesday 5th February, so please ensure your application is submitted on or before this date. To find out more about this role and other opportunities within the Water/Utility/Engineering industry then contact our Direct Sourcing team (MonFri, 8am6pm) on (Apply online only). Reed Consulting are part of Reed Specialist Recruitment who help public and private sector organisations of all sizes to transform performance by designing and implementing the most effective strategies to acquire and develop talent