Title: Product Specialist  Neuro  Midlands East Anglia
Webindex: 68824822
Company: Evolve Selection Limited
Description: Our client is a world leading pharmaceutical company with an excellent track record working within the Neurology market. Our client currently has a very exciting opportunity working as a Product Specialist across the Midlands and East Anglia. The Role: To maximise contribution in delivering sales against set budgets on a month by month and annual basis. To deliver; support and communicate central marketing strategies at territory level that ensure the short; medium and longterm success of the business unit strategic focus. You will be a highly experienced Account Manager with good experience selling a range of Pharmaceutical products on territory into NHS customers at all levels. Key Duties and Responsibilities: Achieves / exceed sales targets; annually in line with agreed goals and objectives Develop a strategy which manages budget effectively and appropriately in order to drive and demonstrate a high level ROI Drive and monitor sales through centrally generated sales reports Create; implement and update Key Account Plan as required Aligns territory activities to Neurosciences/regional marketing strategy: Deliver required call coverage and frequency on different customer types Deliver agreed target for number of days in field in line with goals and objectives Deliver agreed numbers of customer educational meetings. Outlook connection and communication 3 times/week minimum Desired Competencies: Flexible can do attitude needed to thrive in a fast growing company. Able to influence NHS staff at the highest levels. A proven track record in commercialising pharmaceutical products. Ability to take an account management approach to managing territory business. Ability to manage the demands of a portfolio of products. ABPI qualified. IT literate with strong analytical skills A current driving licence with no more than **** points. Required Competencies: Self accountability/motivation Innovation Tenacity Drive to ensure success. Self motivation; persuasiveness and competitiveness Good organisational skills. Recruitment Process: 2 stage process Package: Circa ****;**** plus ****K OTE with 2 times multiplier