Title: Oncology home IV Nurse
Webindex: 64573307
Description:  Oncology Home IV Nurse  **** per annum  Car allowance or company Car  3% contributory pension  Private healthcare cover My Client who are one of the market leaders in their industry are looking for experienced oncology Home IV nurses to work in the Surrey community. General Assisting in the development and marketing of a managed home care company, to include HPN, chemotherapy, antibiotics, hydration, pain relief and clinical trials. Having responsibility for the health, safety and welfare of self and others and complying at all times with requirements of Health and Safety regulations. Working at all times as part of the Healthcare at Home team and promoting Healthcare at Home at all times. Undertaking such other duties as may be required from time to time as are consistent with the responsibilities of the grade. Being flexible with regard to working hours including oncall coverage and scheduled weekend and evening work. A current clean driving licence is essential. Experience: RGN part **** of the NMC Register (RSCN where appropriate). Experience in an acute care setting/relevant ENB post registration. Experience in administration of chemotherapy (including vesicants) ENB 998 of C&G **** and/or teaching experience. Cannulation and phlebotomy skills are essential. Experience in the care of IV devices and administration of IV therapies. Personal Skills & Qualities: To be responsible, without supervision, for the assessment of care needs and the development, implementation and evaluation of programmes of care with an understanding of NMC Code of Practice. Ability to coordinate and communicate all aspects of care with the pharmacist, consultant and client. To assist in the planning and delivery of training programmes and maintaining supplies in good working order. To work as a flexible team member, showing interest and participation in understanding the business and industry at all times and to be responsible and compliant for Health and Safety Regulations of self and others. To be proactive and motivated responding positively to new challenges. Key Competencies: Planning and Organising Teamwork Communication Delivering Results Decision Making Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.