Title: Dispensing Optician  Brentwood  ****
Webindex: 71225405
Company: Prospect Health
Description: This is an independent practice which is privately owned and was established 1**** years ago. This is a unique opportunity to work for a top independent company with high end frames such as D if there’s a problem it can be fixed quickly; likewise, if someone has a good idea it can be implemented quickly. The whole set up is geared towards people getting much more job satisfaction than you’d get in most other firms. Practice The practice is easy to commute with parking and is close to the train station. The practice is based over one floor and has one test room. The practice has all up to date equipment and is fitted out to an excellent standard. You will also be working alongside a team of highly trained, dedicated support staff to help you settle into your role. This could progress into a managerial role for the right person. Role As a dispensing optician with this company you will have the chance to develop your skills working with other qualified colleagues and sharing your experiences on a daily basis. Working closely with the directors of the business, your ideas and opinions can be heard and acted upon at short notice. You won’t be just a number, you won’t have to jump through hoops or deal with masses of red tape to get things done. This is the kind of environment where you can have a say in how the business is run and feel the kind of autonomy and flexibility most employees dream about. The role requires 5 days per week and is open 9am – 7pm Monday and Wednesday, **** the rest of the week and Saturdays **** Remuneration & benefits Package You can expect a very competitive salary package which rewards high performance and those who exceed the expectations placed upon them. You will also be entitled to 20 days holiday plus 8 days bank holiday. Summary In summary this is a fantastic opportunity if you are confident, reliable and want to operate in an environment where ideas are heard and your skills, experience and creativity can impact the business directly on a daily basis. What Happens Next? To apply for this position you must be registered with the GOC as a student dispensing optician or dispensing optician. You must also possess the right to work in the United Kingdom. To talk to us in confidence about this opportunity and any other suitable positions please contact a member of the Optometry division on [blocked] (Office hours Mon – Thurs 8:30am – 8:30pm & Friday 8:30am – 5:30pm)