Title: Advanced Nurse Practitioner  Derby
Webindex: 68310305
Company: Medic International
Description: Our client is a primary care service provider, which is patient and GP focused and delivers high quality care along with a wide variety of services tailored to patient needs at each of their surgeries. They are seeking to recruit a highly motivated and committed Advanced Nurse Practitioner on a fulltime (or parttime) basis. Their board and management team have substantial experience of managing major public and private organisations and of bringing first class clinical services and skills mix to primary care. As a dynamic, independent provider, our client is revolutionising the delivery of Primary Care through innovative, patient focused healthcare solutions. Duties of the post •To access patients at point of entry into health care system with undifferentiated undiagnosed problems. •To take responsibility for making autonomous decisions in relation to patient care. •Using advanced assessment skills of history taking and clinical examination, make a diagnosis and initiate an appropriate care plan including any necessary tests of referral. •Operate successfully as an Independent practitioner, whilst communicating and working effectively with broader clinical team as required •To prescribe within current parameters according to prescribing authority for extended and supplementary prescribing. •Provide expert nursing clinical advice to other nurses working in primary care. A full job description is available upon request. Person requirements •Registered Nurse with valid NMC registration (not requiring a period of supervised placement) •Independent/Supplementary Nurse Prescribing •MSc/Post Graduate Diploma: Nurse Practitioner in Primary Care or equivalent •Advanced assessment skills incorporating: history taking, clinical examination, diagnosis and initiating programmes of care. •Minimum of 3 years in primary care. •Leadership skills including team development •Highly developed interpersonal and communication skills. •Good team player •Permission to undertake employment in the UK (not requiring a ?workpermit?)