Title: Manufacturing Operations Manager
Webindex: 68791264
Description: Due to increasing sales and new market demands, our client The Wykes Group are seeking a high calibre Manufacturing Operations Manager to join their senior team. Wykes is an exciting progressive company with a strong proven background in renewable energy systems, waste process solutions, process heavy plant and machinery, fabrication and welding. Reporting to the General Manager and working closely with the Managing Director this role will include: Identifying the areas in the business where the production processes, systems and controls structure can be improved Direct responsibility for scheduling production jobs to support commercial projects that have strict due dates. Defining and implementing significantly improved production processes, systems and controls to achieve the required improvements. Accountability for coordinating the Engineering programming, planning, and purchasing needs to support the production requirements for the department. Taking direct responsibility for all aspects of the production in the company, to exceed customer expectations in terms of delivery and quality Resource planning, cost and schedule control, and measurement of department performance for safety, customer service, quality, and productivity. Being instrumental in bringing about a step change improvement in product quality, service and throughput. Technical detailed engineering management, ability to review technological improvements within Manufacturing and keep updated with new techniques. Working closely with the sales, engineering design and procurement departments ensuring a seamless flow from sales enquiry to customer delivery, and providing clear visibility across the business at all times. Development of a highly motivated and technically qualified workforce that provides promotional opportunities and advanced technical capabilities. Contribution to the development of the overall business strategy and management of the company as a member of the core management team, while being actively involved with operations on the shop floor. Who we re looking for The right candidate will have: A very strong production operations management background with a clear understanding of modern manufacturing techniques in a fabrication and heavy engineering environment. Managed teams comfortably and be able to demonstrate how your challenging management style has enabled you to deliver improved performance through your team, by inspiring, challenging and developing them with ability to overcome technical and people difficulties. Excellent Financial awareness to improve productivity, efficiency and delivery. The ability to be a strong technical leader with a proven engineering background. A Degree in Mechanical Engineering or equivalent. Demonstrated a proven track record in implementing change in quality, service and throughput, with quantifiable results. Excellent written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills for effective interface with all internal and external contacts. About our client The Wykes Group provide Turnkey solutions in process plant for a wide variety of industries, with particular expertise in food and waste management. They use World class technical expertise combined with the skill of a highly focused engineering team to bring the very best in design, manufacture and service to their clients. This is a growing dynamic business that can offer an exciting and stable career for the right candidate in a varied working atmosphere. What s on offer ****  ****carpackage