Title: Pharmacists Jobs in Workington
Webindex: 69933569
Company: Flame Health Associates LLP
Description: Flame Health Pharmacy Jobs  Pharmacists Job in Workington, Cumbria Flame Health Pharmacy are currently recruiting for a nationwide Pharmacy chain. They require a full time **** hours Pharmacist within the Workington, Cumbria area. Your role will be to head up the Pharmacy with a focus on delivering the Sales versus plan whilst delivering all local services available from the PCT. All your colleagues will be trained and coached to aid you to succeed in your role and you will have quarterly **** reviews with all of them. All of your colleagues within the pharmacy will have structured training plan which you will be heavily involved with in terms of developing them and helping them to achieve their goals. It goes without saying that you will adhere to all company Pharmacy Standard Operating Procedures in order to protect your customers and you will be responsible for keeping up to date with all Local and National Pharmacy issues. You will also be tasked in Delivering Corporate Pharmacy Events and helping to ensure that you are seen as the Pharmacist of the Community. This will involve organising at least one event per quarter in the community within schools and local interest groups. You will also be responsible for planning your own CPD in both areas specified by the company and that which you have personally identified. In return you will receive the following benefits: Holidays: 25 days plus bank holidays Bonus: Store related bonus system Colleague Discount: Eligible to receive 10% discount off company products Registration Fees Paid Share Plans: Eligible to join the Share Save Scheme after 6 months service Pension: Stakeholder Pension Scheme Professional Fees: Paid by the company Professional Indemnity Cover: Paid by the company Voluntary Benefits: Lots of extra benefits on a range of products and services including: holidays, days out, dental plans and much more Long Service Awards You will be a qualified pharmacist registered with the GPHC. Pharmacist experience is required. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Pharmacy Manager Job Opportunities in the Workington or the Cumbria region  Contact Flame Health freephone on (Apply online only) or if calling from a mobile on (Apply online only). Flame Health Associate LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business