Title: Clinical Nurse Specialist
Webindex: 57513998
Description: Our client is the leading European provider of clinical nutrition and infusion therapy offering a unique and comprehensive range of products and services for both hospital and home settings. Through innovation they are committed to becoming the preferred partner for saving, treating and caring for chronically and critically ill patients. This role will cover the Cambridgeshire and East Anglia regions, so there is an expectation of travel across the regions. As a Clinical Nurse Specialist you will be responsible for providing clinical and training support to Parenteral/ IV homecare patients, their carers and NHS personnel who are involved in the provision of homecare. To manage a patient caseload, fulfilling all nursing requirements. To provide a connection and disconnection service to those patients unable to complete their administration of therapy independently. To identify patient and carers training needs and undertake appropriate and suitable training to ensure safe administration of therapy. To ensure patients receive professional, individual and appropriate nursing care. Working with an established nursing team, also providing predischarge assessments/home visits and installations for this patient group. Skills and experience required: RGN Qualified A multidisciplined nursing background. Some experience of Parenteral nutrition would be preferred. Teaching qualification beneficial. As would any previous commercial experience Equal Approach specialise in recruiting nurses and medical professionals and clinicians at all levels nationally for the commercial market. Equal Approach offers a variety of bespoke, national recruitment solutions to a portfolio of prestigious national clients. Please send your CV in application to pippa.gardinerequalapproach.com or call **** **** **** for further information If you need to receive this information in an alternative format, please contact Equal Approach and we will take reasonable steps to arrange this for you. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and we actively encourage candidate applications from all sections of the community. The successful candidate may be required to undertake an Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau Check.