Title: Experienced Primary Care Key Account Manager, Torbay to Taunton
Webindex: 71233417
Company: Sapling Recruitment Ltd
Description:  EXPERIENCED MEDICAL SALES REPRESENTATIVES / ACCOUNT EXECUTIVES REQUIRED  My client is a leading pharmaceutical company, with an exciting opportunity for an Experienced Pharmaceutical Medical Sales Representative to join their successful team in the following area: SR **** South Tyneside SR **** Torquay to Taunton (Devon Somerset) In this interesting challenging role you will be responsible for promoting a portfolio of prescription only pharmaceutical product and associated services, primarily to GPs, practice Nurses and retail pharmacists in key high priority bricks, with some PCO level involvement. The products you will sell focus on a particularly key therapeutic area (respiratory medicine), which GPs are incentivised to treat successfully, therefore has bags of potential both in terms of access to customers and generating opportunities for growth in cash sales and market shareand of course bonus This role will particularly appeal to candidates who love a challenge, relish the opportunity to convert awkward or particularly conservative customers, and love the buzz of successfully closing a sale. As you will be selling in a market which is very traditional and established but increasingly competitive, you need to be self motivated, commercially astute, and confident enough to close every time. You must be extremely business focused and not be afraid to ask for the business . On this occasion all applicants should already be experienced pharmaceutical sales representatives, with on territory contacts at primary care level within the geographical area in question; previous respiratory therapy area knowledge would be useful but is by no means a prerequisite. Candidates who have left the pharmaceutical sales industry (due to redundancy for example) should have been away from the job for no more than 12 months. Candidates relocating to the area will not be considered due to our clients requirement for customer knowledge. Successful applicants will be invited to commence employment as soon as they are able. As with all field based sales roles of this type, a full UK driving license is require (with **** points or fewer no previous driving bans) and all candidates must be eligible to work in the UK on a full time, permanent basis (no student or working holiday visas please). In return, you will be rewarded with a generous basic salary (up to **** dependent on experience), plus tax free daily allowance, fully expensed company car, laptop mobile telephone, pension, private healthcare bonus of up to **** per annum available based on performance. To register your interest apply online or email us a copy of your CV  please note however that if you have not received a response from us within 7 days, you have not been successful at this stage. All applications will be treated in the strictest of confidence, and your CV will never be sent out without your express consent. If you know someone else who is currently job hunting and you d like to refer them, why not pass on our details? You will receive **** as a thank you if we place them.