Title: Adult IV Specialist Nurse
Webindex: 46637050
Description: Our client is a growing organisation that specialises in the provision of specialist care to patients in their own home. A position has arisen for an Adult IV Specialist Nurse to provide care to patients living mainly within North East Yorkshire and North Lincolnshire region, including Hull, York, Doncaster and Grimsby Package includes company car, or car allowance, and benefits. Working closely with other members of the multidisciplinary team this position will ensure that the services provided by the team are of the highest standards of care and that they comply with the requirements of the Commission for Social Care Inspection, best clinical practice and the legal and ethical requirements of the RCN and the NMC. The main responsibilities for this position include: All patient care and administration of enzyme replacement therapy. To provide a comprehensive training programme for patients/carers/parents in the home environment, to allow selfcannulation and infusion. To provide support and advice to clients. Develop strong working relationships with each of the referral centres. To maintain accurate records of care in a timely manner To report to and work closely with your manager providing all appropriate communication in a timely manner Through excellent time management skills provide a flexible service that meets client needs In order to apply for this position you must be/have: Qualified Nurse (RN/RGN) with current NMC registration. Excellent IV and cannulation skills Confident working with these procedures in an autonomous nature, in sometimes challenging circumstances. You will need to possess excellent communication skills to build rapport with patients and develop good working relationships with the referral centres. As a Nurse, you must enjoy travel and be happy to work within a field based role This will require strong time management skills and disciplined administration ability. In addition to these attributes you will require the ability to work alone with confidence within the community and maintain a positive outlook, a desire to take ownership of problems and an ability to resolve issues as required. Equal Approach specialise in recruiting nurses and medical professionals and clinicians at all levels nationally for the commercial market. Equal Approach offers a variety of bespoke, national recruitment solutions to a portfolio of prestigious national clients. Please send your CV in application to pippa.gardinerequalapproach.com or call **** **** **** for further information.If you need to receive this information in an alternative format, please contact Equal Approach and we will take reasonable steps to arrange this for you. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and we actively encourage candidate applications from all sections of the community. The successful candidate may be required to undertake an Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau Check.