Title: Drug Safety Associate
Webindex: 71679528
Company: Gold Group Ltd.
Description: Our client, a globally recognised R D Pharmaceutical organisation, has an urgent requirement for a Drug Safety Associate to join them for a minimum 12 month contract. It is expected the contract will extend beyond this date. It is essential the Drug Safety Associate has previous experience of Case Processing. The Drug Safety Associate will be responsible for the receipt data entry of adverse event reports following Company Standard Operating Procedures, internal business practices regulatory guidance documents to ensure compliance with worldwide safety regulations and corporate policies. Case Processing: Definition: The completion of full case information on the database, culminating in Quality Review to ensure accuracy and completeness. Activities Include: Triage of incoming cases to determine seriousness for prioritization of daily workflow (to be discussed re triage specialist) Confirmation of Safety Coordinator case registry data Database searches as necessary Completion of literature searches as necessary Completion of remaining case data entry, including narrative or autonarrative Completion of risk and quality (label, approval, manual coding quality review steps Clarification of unclear or illegible information from the LSO or Call Centre Discuss source documents, coding conventions and adhoc queries with Medical Assessment Physician Completion of protocol request forms as necessary Preparation of deviation memo as necessary Request deletions as necessary Single case unblinding Processes and Procedures: Definition: Continuing awareness of company procedures and guidelines to maintain regulatory compliance. Activities Include: Standard Operating Procedures and Working Practices Department guidance documents MedDRA coding dictionary and MedDRA points to consider Understand relevant safety implications regarding contracts with operating companies and/or marketing partners Review and make suggestions for system and procedure enhancements. Project Work Audits, Inspections and other Adhoc Requirements: Definition: Participation in BRM projects, preparations for audits and inspections. Activities Include: Participation in inspections and audits, as required (e.g., interviews) Participation in local or global project teams Registered Nurse and/or Health/Biomedical Degree Pharmaceutical industry experience desired Required Skills/Abilities Intermediate Information Technology Skills Data entry experience desired Accountability for delivery of results Decision making skills Problem solving skills Proactive approach/uses own initiative Managing own work, ability to prioritize, plan and organize work assignments and work under strict timelines Ability to follow guidelines, working practices etc. Experience of working with SOP/SWP's preferred Quality orientation, attention to detail/accuracy Flexibility/Adaptability Positive attitude Good team player Ability to work independently and to collaborate Good written and verbal communication skills Understanding of medical terminology Ability to summarize medical information To arrange an interview, please contact Anne Taylor at Gold Group Ltd on **** **** **** This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK's leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we've got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business. Please be aware that we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised and regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DrugSafetyAssociate_job****