Title: Strategic Health & Safety Manager  South
Webindex: 71848619
Company: Virgin Care Limited
Description: Strategic Health Safety Manager  South based Virgin Care works in partnership with a range of organisations and invests time and money to develop high quality NHS services which provide care good enough for our own families. Brief Job Description: This role is designed to support the Virgin Care Ltd Environment Management role and enable internal group management of property and workplace Health and Safety standards within Virgin Care. Environment describes the environment within which the Virgin Care Service is provided.The term encompasses Health and Safety (H S), Estates Facilities Management (both hard soft Facilities Management). Key Responsibilities:  Set corporate policy / standards and practice for H S across Virgin Care services  Develop systems that enable new services / contracts to integrate into Virgin Care structure  Promote a safe working environment for all Virgin Care staff  Identify competency levels for H S across Virgin Care staff and commission a training programme to ensure that these are met  Support and help develop the Virgin Care accident/incident reporting system (CIRIS) including systems and monitoring of accident investigation and providing support in claims management.  Ensure regional / local groups implement regular H S committee meetings and provide a synopsis of key issues for the Corporate Committee  Develop and monitor the Virgin Care risk assessment strategy  Provide support to Environment in strategic management of key H S issues such as legionella, asbestos, manual handling, violence and fire safety standards. Knowledge, Skills, Experience and Qualifications Required Essential: General A chartered health and safety practitioner with a background in health and safety management Proven experience at both an operational and strategic level Qualifications NEBOSH Diploma or equivalent. Chartered Safety Practitioner status Environmental Skills Ability to:  Communicate effectively at all levels of employment  Integrate H S disciplines with other business objectives  Identify and analyse risks across the group  Understand how H S links with property management issues  Produce concise and practical guidance / reports  Good IT skills  Understand how recognised H S Management systems can be implemented in a timely and cost effective manner (e.g. OHSAS 1****001).  Work to tight deadlines  Understand the value of KPIs and set /measure relevant KPIs across the group. Desirable: A background in healthcare is advantageous  Experience gained within a rapidly growing organization  Qualification in delivering training  Understand how H S links with CQC standards Other Considerations: The post holder will be based in either our London , Surrey, or Daresbury ( Cheshire ) offices but will be required to travel throughout the UK .A full driving licence is essential, and the successful candidate will require use of a car. 37.5 hours per week Monday – Friday flexibility required. Closing date 8 th February, interview date week commencing **** th February. To apply with your CV and covering letter or to request a job specification please email careersvirgincare.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/StrategicHealthSafetyManagerSouth_job****