Title: Field Based Compliance Officer
Webindex: 69011001
Company: Total Assist
Description: Are you a qualified Phlebotomist? Do you hold a clean UK Drivers License? Then Total Assist Group is the company for you We require: FIELD BASED COMPLIANCE OFFICER s We are a medical recruitment business that have been running successfully for ****2 years. We are fortunate at the moment to be experiencing a good level of growth and an increased demand for our locum doctors. You may not be aware but, in order to supply the NHS with locum Drs all Agencies have to be able to assure their clients that ALL of the Drs supplied have been met Face to Face and interviewed, their bloods are checked for immunities, they have had Basic Life Support Training Delivered and that they complete our Registration Forms, CRB, appraisal details and that they are issued with our Staff handbook. We have approx **** Drs that need to be met and their compliance assured. Successful applicants will be required to operate on our behalf a service where all of the above can be delivered at our Drs convenience (as far as possible). The reality is that you could potentially meet our Dr anywhere. We will ensure that you are supported and safe and that you are meeting the correct person in the correct circumstances. Essential We require you to be a qualified Phlebotomist and hold a clean UK drivers licence or have worked in the healthcare industry and would be interested at being trained as a Phlebotomist. Training We will offer full Training for delivery of Basic Life Support Courses to the Drs ? We can also offer a Phlebotomy Refresher Course, the only caveat is that if you leave within 1 year of joining us, you will be liable for all training costs for external training that we have to but in? Expenses We will pay for all of your business miles. We will issue you with a BP Fuel card to use for your BUSINESS MILES ONLY. Hardware We will issue you with a laptop, mobile phone and scanner for use to scan Drs original Documents. Support We ensure that you have a coordinator and point of contact twentyfour/seven and a diary manager to ensure that you know where to be and when every day. We are keen to get this project started ASAP and are looking for candidates that would be interested in this type of role. Please contact me as soon as possible to organise a telephone interview