Title: Cook Childrens Service's Brent
Webindex: 68063991
Company: 4Social Work
Description: Cook | Childrens Service's | Harrow ****Social Work has an exciting Cook position that has become available within a Childrens Centre. We are seeking a skilled and motivated individual to work within a challenging yet rewarding role for our client based in Harrow The position will be initially for 3 days, but is likely to be extended due to the urgent requirement. Job Description: To assist in the provision of the catering service to the standards required by the authority. You will need some experience of preparing and cooking food, be able to communicate at a reasonable level, be aware of procedures with regards to cleanliness and storage of food, including food rotation, be able to complete simple forms and read basic instructions in English (this is required as cleaning rotas need to be filled in as do other daily records and instructions are often written) you will need to have received an introduction to Food Hygiene training Needs verified photo ID. Health Safety, you must have experience in catering or service industry and have knowledge of Food Hygiene Regulations and must be well presented with high standards of personal hygiene. For this position, no jewelry or nail polish is to be worn. All catering staff must have undergone preemployment health screening. Personal Protective Equipment Must possess overall, headgear, sensible shoes with nonslip soles essential. We offer • Competitive rates • Bonuses for your loyalty and referrals • Training opportunities and professional development • Full support by an expert Social Work Consultant team If you are looking for your next role, whether newly qualified or at management level, please email us your CV and job reference ASAP. If you have a friend/colleague you feel would be capable of filling this role, why not refer them and earn up to **** t c apply. Who Cares? We Do. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CookChildrensServicesBrent_job****