Title: Health Economy Account Manager  South East London
Webindex: 70091238
Company: Apodi Ltd
Description: Permanent Headcount Role Our client is a global scienceled healthcare organisation and ranks in the top 5 Pharmaceutical Companies in the world by revenue. Treating major disease areas including asthma, cardiovascular and mental health, our client aims to improve health around the world. Job Description Our client is recruiting for a Health Economy Account Manager role reporting to the Health Economy Business Director. This role will be covering Bexley and Bromley. In the role you will identify and create shared value by account managing and working collaboratively with NHS and internal stakeholders to optimise ROI across the licensed client portfolio of medicines in a local health economy: Key responsibilities/accountabilities:  To develop and implement local cross portfolio account plans with NHS customers, working across **** PCT clusters/Health Boards  Customer facing account management responsibility for mid to senior level NHS personnel in their designated Health Economy:  Ability to build trust and develop relationships with all stakeholders in local Health economy and account manage portfolio customers using an account management approach. Includes e .g. PCOs, CCGs, Health Boards, Hospital Trusts and Private Providers  In depth understanding of national/local policy with ability to influence and shape local total health economy  Work with product launch teams prior to the licensing of new products to understand market access needs and ensure budget notification is in place where required  Market Access  ensure an optimum environment for the prescribing of medicines to ensure patients have appropriate access to medicines using tools developed by the Access to Medicines team. This includes formulary inclusion in both primary and secondary care, maintenance of neutral/positive local guidance, ensuring the uptake of medicines on formulary/guidance and ensuring agreed funding flows are in place.  Service Awareness/Development/Implementation  implement local services/solutions to ensure that all patients who could benefit from the clients medicine, within license, have access to it. Will require development of the business case(s) and project management of these services / solutions e.g. via Joint Working or other business partnering. Will also be required to feed in customer insight to the Customer Solutions teams to ensure new services / value propositions are developed where the opportunity exists to add shared value, and work with this team where appropriate during the development of these solutions / local tailoring of existing solutions.  Lead local crossfunctional account team in the development and implementation/delivery of local account plan to set and deliver commercial objectives aligned behind the client s strategy:  Leadership of sales, medical, health outcomes and Customer Solutions teams to input into and implement propositions/solutions to meet customer, portfolio and patient needs  Translation of environmental insights/understanding in order to upskill account teams to effectively drive implementation of local account plan and inform wider business functions of key local insights  Measurement and monitoring of account plans and projects. Includes proposals on resource requirements, budget management across projects, coordinating the measurement of Joint Working / business partnerships and inputting into the performance appraisals of account teams. Desired Skills Experience Basic qualifications:  Degree level education, certified healthcare professional qualification or relevant experience  Possess current ABPI certification or required to attain certification within **** year  Account management experience and skills preferable  Project Management skills, including the ability to implement, monitor and review projects  Breadth of NHS knowledge and understanding  Ability to work in a complex environment  Interpersonal, communication and influencing skills  both internal and external  Proven ability to interact with senior customers  Demonstrated ability to analyse and assimilate data.  Budget financial management planning  Ability to form collaborative relationships and to lead without authority  Experience working in, preferably leading, large crossfunctional matrix teams Preferred qualifications:  ADP experience / knowledge would be advantageous  Understanding of drivers and decision making processes to ensure patient access to medicines preferable  Understanding of the Primary and Secondary care interface preferable Excellent salary and benefits package offered. To apply for this roles please send your cv to applyapodi.co.uk or contact the resourcing team on **** **** A referral bonus of **** will be awarded when you recommend someone to us who we then place. If this is not your ideal position then please call us to discuss other opportunities. Whilst we would like to reply individually to every application on some occasions it may not be possible to do this therefore if you have not heard from us within 7 days please assume you have not been successful on this occasion however, this does not exclude you from applying for any other relevant roles.