Title: Case Manager  Occupational Therapist  Wirral
Webindex: 70264311
Company: Coburg Banks
Description: Case Manager  Children and Young People Team Supporting people with a complex injury within a community setting Location: Wirral  Covering the North West Salary: ****  **** plus mobile, expenses, bonuses and training The Role; As the case manager you will be responsible for creating and designing rehabilitation and life style programmes to meet your client’s needs and assess what is the right care package for them. These clients have complex multiple problems and disabilities, the majority having an acquired brain injury through accidents and injuries. As the case manager 50% of your time will be office based and the other 50% visiting clients. All Case Manager’s will be working with a small caseload to enable you to build longterm relationships with each client and their family. Working predominately Monday to Friday, 9am 5pm, with overtime as and when your clients require. This overtime will be reimbursed back in Lieu and all Case Managers are required to have some flexibility in this role. The Person; As the Case Manager you will be an occupational therapists or peadiatric nurse with a minimum of 8 years’ experience of working within your profession, post qualification. All candidates must have a UK Driving License, access to their own transport and be prepared to obtain their own business insurance. Some knowledge of working with clients with acquired brain injury would be an advantage although not essential as training would be offered. The Client; Our client is an excellent provider of support and care to people who have acquired complex multiple problems and disabilities either in their own homes, supported accommodation or other community settings. Our client has met all CQC standards with no action for improvements required within the service. You will have the opportunity to work with a supportive, expanding and a professional team, using and developing all of your skills with encouragement to develop your specialist practice. All applicants must undergo a full enhanced CRB check with no criminal convictions due to the nature of the business. Interested? Please call Fran Stallard for an informal discussion on **** alternatively “apply now”