Title: Staff Nurse : Surgical Ward  Chichester
Webindex: 67748420
Company: Medic International
Description: Our client is a major provider of independent healthcare with a national network of hospital; we are seeking a motivated, experienced Staff Nurse to join their busy surgical ward at their site based in West Sussex. We are eager to hear from nurses with experience in at least one of the following specialities; complex orthopaedic, gynaecology, urology, breast, plastics or Gastro surgery. Treating the full range of medical and surgical specialities this hospital works with the elite of the UK's most experienced consultant surgeons and other healthcare specialists. Working with many of the country?s most experienced consultant surgeons and other healthcare specialists our client delivers excellent medical and surgical care supported by stateoftheart equipment and a high standard of nursing care, within pleasant and comfortable surroundings. Successful applicants will benefit from; support from an experienced Management team and the opportunity to work alongside expert consultants and a multi disciplinary team of other healthcare specialists. In addition, access to a dedicated professional and personal development program and experience within a highly professional working environment. Staff also enjoy the benefits of 25 days annual leave, pension benefits and private health insurance. Duties of the post •To assess, plan, deliver and evaluate high standards of nursing care. •To work within a team, supervising and directing junior staff and deputising for Senior Staff Nurse in their absence. •Experience in supervising students and healthcare assistants, and assisting in the orientation of new staff. A full job description is available upon request. Person requirements •Registered Nurse with full NMC Registration (not requiring a period of supervised placement) •Minimum of one years post graduate experience in a surgical ward setting •Coming from a (UKbased) Surgical Ward background of a minimum of one year you will have experience in at least one of the following specialities; complex orthopaedic, gynaecology, urology, breast, plastics or Gastro surgery. •Phlebotomy skills desirable •Permission to undertake employment in the UK (not requiring ?workpermit? sponsorship)