Title: Senior Clinical Research Associate  Home Based UK
Webindex: 71713191
Company: Barrington James Ltd
Description: My client a global CRO with offices across 40 countries worldwide is keen to consolidate their clinical team in the UK with a number of new SCRA s. My client is committed to providing excellent opportunities for personal and professional development and offer new employees a competitive basic plus a fantastic benefits package. Due to a solid pipeline they are looking to recruit dynamic, ambitious, career minded CRA s who are looking to progress their career in clinical research whilst gaining invaluable Project Management skills. For the right candidates internal progression into either Project Management or Line Management is a very real prospect with the skillset gained at a PM level being respected throughout the industry for being truly crossfunctional. Responsibilities will include but are not limited to:  Ensuring the monitoring team has all the necessary tools and guidance to successfully carry out the clinical monitoring  Act as PM when required  Be involved in writing the monitoring guidelines  Assist in managing site visit schedules  Conduct comonitoring visit and mentor junior team members  Review site monitoring tasks at a regional and study level The ideal candidate will have;  Good educational background (minimum BSc. Life Sciences)  Minimum 3 years independent monitoring experience in the UK  Good knowledge of ICH GCP  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills This position can be home based anywhere in the UK. For a confidential discussion please contact Paul Shaw at Barrington James on **** **** or email pshawbarringtonjames.com. Barrington James understands that in a recruiter saturated market it can be difficult to differentiate between individual recruiters and to know which follow true best practice. The Barrington James clinical team is widely acknowledged to be one of the best in the industry with an unparalleled clinical network. Each of our clinical consultants has been in the team for at least 2.5 years ensuring an in depth knowledge of individual markets and a proven placement history. The majority of our team are also bilingual/trilingual. Please feel free to access my LinkedIn profile for further information about my background and placement history in the UK Clinical market. I am always looking to expand my networks in the UK as well as in Switzerland  please contact me if you are seeking advice on either of these markets and looking to ascertain where your next career move should be or if your organisation wishes to expand clinical capacity in these areas. Barrington James Clinical prides itself on its ability to provide a consultative approach in creating proactive recruitment solutions.