Title: Staff Nurse (Endoscopy)  Bristol
Webindex: 70016462
Company: Nuffield Health   StaffNurse.com
Description: Nuffield Health has been part of Bristol’s healthcare sector for 50 years. St Mary’s hospital is situated in the heart of the city and offers a broad range of services from orthopaedics and general surgery to physiotherapy. We’ve just embarked on an incredibly exciting journey with the development of our Chesterfield Hospital, which is due to open in the summer of 201****. The Chesterfield will be a new 20m stateoftheart hospital, built alongside our Grade II listed property in the heart of Clifton. It will be one of the most technologically advanced private hospitals in the South West, offering a 5star patient environment, 3 of the most up to date digital theatres, a 3bed Intensive Care Unit and excellent daycase facilities.To enable us to enhance our services in preparation for our new hospital we are looking to recruit an Endoscopy / theatre practitioner to join our theatre team. We are interested in talking to Registered Nurses with endoscopy and theatre experience who are committed to delivering high quality patient care. We offer a wide variety of cases which will broaden your skills.As an essential part of our theatre team, you’ll deliver high quality, clinically effective patient care. We offer a wide variety of cases which will broaden your skills. You will have the time to put patients first and be part of developing our five star service approach.To excel in this role, you will be able to demonstrate previous experience in Endoscopy. You’ll be customer focused and will be able to demonstrate excellent interpersonal and relationship building skills as well as strong organisational skills.You’ll have excellent attention to detail and will be capable of managing a wide range of activities and changing priorities.Nuffield Health is Britain’s largest and most pioneering healthcare charity, integrating fitness and wellbeing, prevention and cure. We’ve brought together our hospitals, clinics, fitness & wellbeing centres as well as our diagnostic units into one holistic healthcare service provided from over **** locations. A notforprofit organisation, we reinvest every penny we make into helping the people of Britain to lead healthier, happier lives. In today’s healthcare market, we’re in an enviably strong position.In addition to this exciting opportunity, we can offer you a competitive salary and benefits package, as well as training and support for your career development.We have a duty to apply to the criminal records bureau for disclosure on successful candidates.For further information and to submit an application, click on the apply button and this will take you directly onto our website.