Title: Clinical Manager (RGN)  London
Webindex: 70475641
Company: Liquid Personnel Ltd
Description: Clinical Manager (RGN) – Home Healthcare, based London and surrounding  salary up to **** plus benefits We are currently recruiting for a Clinical Manager (RGN) to manage a community team in and around the central London area. You will be an experienced nurse seeking an exciting new opportunity in management. Ideally with a background in the management of community based nursing teams, you will relish the opportunity to work with one of the UK's largest independent provider of acute healthcare at home to the NHS. Our model of care enables patients to complete their inpatient care in the comfort of their own home. Currently undergoing an extended period of growth and are looking for talented clinical leaders to help drive forward our growth in areas where we have recently been successful in winning a contract to provide acute healthcare at home. Role Summary: The Clinical Manager has 24 hour management responsibility for the multidisciplinary care given to patients under the care of the organisation. An experienced clinician, the Clinical Manager will provide professional leadership ensuring close collaboration with all health care professionals. The Clinical Manager will ensure that they and their multidisciplinary team work to company standards. The Clinical Manager will primarily ensure the delivery of a high quality, effective service on a daytoday basis. They will also facilitate and participate in the development of new ways of working and new care pathways in conjunction with our NHS stakeholders. Key Relationships: •Patients •All internal staff clinical and nonclinical •NHS Clinicians medical, nursing and therapist •NHS Contract Manager •NHS Discharge teams •NHS Consultants and Private sector Consultants You Should have: 5 years experience as a nurse Have management experience Have recent experience in venepuncture and cannulation Have experience in managing a budget For more information on this position, please contact James at Liquid Personnel on **** **** **** or j.lewisliquidpersonnel.com