Title: Senior Quality Technician
Webindex: 68062757
Company: PMP Solutions
Description: My client is a market leader in the wet wipe industry supplying many well known industry names in sectors such as: House hold cleaning products, Automotive, Health care / NHS etc They are expanding within due to continued success in their field, therefore they require the following personnel: Reports to Quality Engineer Role The purpose of the role is to provide support to production operations in all aspects of Quality and GMP activities. Initiate and aid in the resolution of quality issues and material rejections with suppliers. Further, the role is to ensure that products comply with specifications and meet customer expectations. An essential aspect of this role is to develop close working relationships with production personnel to enable effective, timely resolutions of quality issues and promote continual improvements. Key Responsibilities  Assist with product signoffs in line with the product approval procedure.  Conduct random product inspections to verify the efficacy of inprocess checks.  Assist in the development implementation of finished product AQL Inspections.  Create material rejection and supplier complaint forms.  Maintain quarantined materials area and ensure all quarantined materials are correctly identified and each has a suitably detailed material rejection form attached.  Driving responses from suppliers and updating the system with accepted CAPA responses.  Maintain the recording and retention of received Certificates of Analysis / Conformance from suppliers.  Ensure that product retained samples are obtained, catalogued and stored in accordance with company and customer expectations.  Coordinate the collection and sending of micro samples.  Review finished product manufacturing documentation packs to ensure correct completion of QC paperwork associated with each works order.  Provide a final QC product release on completion of batch documentation review.  Assist with amendments of product specifications in a timely manner so as to minimise any impact on production. Principle Accountabilities Provide support for the Quality Engineer as required. Other Duties PM Professional Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorQualityTechnician_job****