Title: Technical Consultant  Cardiology  North
Webindex: 68824886
Company: Evolve Selection Limited
Description: Technical Consultant  Cardiology  North Our client is a worldleading player in the cardiovascular medical devices market. They are looking for a technical consultant to provide implant support and deal with patient clinics. The technical consultant will work alongside the sales representatives to ensure adequate cover is available for hospital procedures etc. Customer groups will include Consultants; Nursing Staff and cardiac physiologists. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a medical device company; with the potential to progress into a sales role. The Role: To provide high quality field implant and logistical support to the CRM UK sales organization. Demonstrate and encourages good clinical practice during implants and follow up Implant ICD`s; CRT devices; and pacemakers regionally (and nationally) to support product specialists Take full responsibility for implants once assigned; organizes kit; delivery; start time etc. Manage personal inventory of devices and accessories Ensure safe and timely return of implant kit if applicable Collect appropriate information and completes implant data forms and distributes accordingly Inform Product Specialist and Customer Services post implant to pass on relevant information to each. Attend and support ICD (and pacemaker) clinics as above Demonstrate the programmer during clinics and other visits Coordinate programmer software upgrades in the region Perform basic device follow up and troubleshooting with reference to clinical specialists. Assist Product Specialist to deliver sales objectives Deliver product and programmer presentations Participation in therapy development initiatives in conjunction with Product Specialists Attendance and assistance at regional therapy meetings Attending implants and follow ups for the purposes of data collection for Medical Science Studies; ensuring patients and data are appropriately controlled in the hospital. PR visits to hospitals as required by Product Specialist and Regional Manager; particularly to promote CRM Education initiatives Excellent compliance with and reporting of regulatory issues This is a highlyinvolved; patient focused role. This role will be hospital based and time will be split between Cardiac Catheter Lab time; patient clinics and training the clinical staff. Candidate Background: Basic science based education Relevant HNC/HTEC or Science Degree (Physiology; Physics; Medical Physics; Biomedical Engineering etc.) General pacing or cardiology background (cardiac technician or CCU nurse) Catheter Laboratory experience (preferred) Patient handling skills Excellent interpersonal skills Selfmotivation and the ability to organize travel and hospital visits Computer literacy Able to use Word; PowerPoint; Excel; Outlook to a reasonable level. Full UK driving license (essential) State Registration (where applicable) Recruitment Process: **** stage process Package  Very Competitive with excellent bonus and benefits