Title: Registere General Nurse (RGN) Care Home
Webindex: 70764463
Company: MedicsPro
Description: Position: Registered General Nurse Care Home Location: Winchester, Hampshire Salary: ****/hour Summary of Registered General Nurse: MedicsPro are actively recruiting Registered Nurses to support our client s new care home facility in Winchester. The home will accommodate frail elderly, dementia and nursing care to **** older people. The Nurse s role combines hands on care work with the experience gained from a nursing qualification. This is an excellent opportunity for someone working or looking to work with elderly people. You will need to be a registered Nurse with a current PIN number and have experience in a care environment. You must have good understanding of the needs of the elderly and excellent communication skills. You will be working closely with the deputy home manager to ensure the highest quality of care for the residents, using a personcentred care approach and be responsible for clinical practice within the home. We currently have opportunities available for fulltime parttime nights and days. Skills/Requirements for Staff Nurse: Registered Nurse Level 1 NMC Registered with an active PIN Number 1 year post registration experience Excellent communication skills Must have good English skills Experience working with elderly people If you are interested in applying for this role please click APPLY now or contact Katie on (Apply online only) or via email About MedicsPro: MedicsPro is one of the UK s leading specialist medical recruitment agencies, contracted to supply medical staff to a wide range of public and private sector clients throughout the country. MedicsPro offer both Locum and Permanent staffing solutions across all medical areas working with Nurses, Doctors, Allied Health Professionals (AHP), Health Science Staff (HSS) and more. Refer a Friend: We are offering a bonus of **** for any referral that leads to a successful placement in this role. Please call (Apply online only) for further details