Title: RGN  Outpatients Digestive Diseases  Nottingham
Webindex: 68537249
Company: JP Recruitment
Description: Position  Outpatient Nurse  Digestive Diseases Location  NottinghamSalary  Band 5Hours  Part Time  **** hrs per week Our client, an impressive, modern, purposebuilt Treatment Centre in Nottingham with stateoftheart facilities, currently has an excellent opportunity for a RGN to work within its expanding Outpatient Department on a part time basis 30 hours per week.Working Monday to Friday and occasionally Saturday in the Outpatient Digestive Diseases unit, postholders will be expected to assist in the development of the Digestive Diseases service and assess, plan, implement and evaluate patients’ health care needs, ensuring the very highest levels of clinical standards and patient care are met at all times.As a registered nurse, the post holder is responsible for the assessment, planning, implementation and evaluation of patient care during their span of duty.JOB DUTIES:Clinical Be responsible for the assessment of care needs and the development of programmes of care ensuring that these are evaluated and amended as appropriate. Document the condition and progress of patients and report to senior nursing and/ or medical staff any areas of concern. Undertake nursing procedures and techniques in accordance with agreed policies and guidelines. Demonstrate clinical procedures to registered and unregistered staff and agency staff as required. Take charge of the clinical area on a regular basis in the absence of the person who has continuing responsibility or his/ her deputy. Maintain an awareness of the developments in the care and treatment of patients in order to be able to carry out duties competently and efficiently. Ensure that the rights, dignity and confidentiality of the patient are protected at all times. Take all reasonable steps to ensure the safe keeping of patients' property in accordance with the Patients' Property Procedure. Comply with the Drug Custody and Administration Code of Practice. Report all accidents and untoward incidents to the Line Manager and complete an incident form in accordance with Treatment Centre policy. Management Supervise registered and unregistered staff as appropriate. Assist the Line Manager in introducing new members of staff to their duties. Ensure where appropriate that the programmes of training for junior staff are completed. Undertake formal and informal teaching sessions as required and act as a mentor to junior staff. Organise day to day workload of both self and junior staff whenever required to do so. Use all physical resources carefully and as instructed. Assist in maintaining stock levels for the department if required to do so. Report any problems relating to equipment to the Line Manager.Applicants should have minimum 6 months post qualification experience, along with excellent communication and teamworking skills and a commitment to CPD.A good working knowledge of Digestive Diseases, or experience of working in an outpatient setting is preferable, however is not essential, as comprehensive training will be provided.An attractive benefits package awaits successful applicants, including: Competitive salary (********k pro rata. depending on experience/qualifications) Pension Profitshare scheme Share option scheme 25 days annual leave plus statsFor more information please contact Holly Brace at JP Recruit on **** **** or **** **** **** alternatively please submit your CV to hollyjprec.co.uk