Title: Pharmaceutical  Analytical Chemist Jobs in Northern Ireland
Webindex: 72702956
Company: Flame Pharma
Description: Job Summary Pharmaceutical  Analytical Chemist Jobs in Northern Ireland Flame Pharma is now working with one of the world s leaders in providing analytical services, drug development and research services. We are recruiting for an Analytical Chemist for their laboratory in Northern Ireland to perform, monitor and accept accountability for all assigned analytical duties relating to specific chemistry and/or analytical projects. Key aspects of the Analytical Chemist opportunity:  Develop and suitably validate analytical methods in support of API and/or drug product manufacture and/or standalone analytical projects.  Perform routine analytical testing inline with project requirements. This includes: Stability testing Testing in support of chemical development activities (process development, protein and peptide technology radiolabelling) Release testing in support of inhouse nonGMP and GMP projects as well as release testing for Clinical Services projects  Perform analytical duties rightfirsttime in order to complete work within the budgeted resource time and in line with agreed timelines.  Take responsibility for allocated work in order to ensure a successful project outcome as measured by QQTE (Quantity, Quality, Timeliness Efficiency)  Prepare and review data and documents accurately and efficiently, inline with the Analytical Department s culture of RightFirstTime.  Be responsible for the management of own work schedule and provide regular updates to line manager and team members.  Ensure that unplanned deviations (UPDs) are kept to a minimum and that your line manager is notified as soon as UPDs are generated.  Ensure that any corrective or preventative action arising from UPDS is completed in full and within allocated timeframes.  Assist with the identification of alternative test methods and/or equipment to improve efficiency and maximise throughput of testing in the laboratories.  Make suggestions for the improvement of efficiency and/or reduction in operating costs within the Analytical Department and the wider company.  Identify incidents of out of specification results and inform the Team Leader  Assist in the generation of specifications and SOPs relevant to the Analytical Laboratories, ensuring that current versions are available.  Inform supervisor on a regular basis of progress and any circumstances that alter agreed timescales. Key requirements of the Analytical Chemist opportunity:  Degree in Chemistry or closely related discipline  Previous analytical experience within industry (i.e. pharmaceuticals/fine chemistry)  Experience of drug substance or drug product analysis in a GMP/GLP environment  Experience in HPLC method development and/or validation To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Analytical Chemist Opportunities across the UK and Europe  Contact Flame Pharma free phone on **** **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** or email careersflamepharma.com Flame Health Associates LLP incorporating Flame Pharma operates as an Employment Agency Employment Business Key Words Key Words Analytical Chemist, Analytical Scientist, Analysis, Organic Chemistry, Organic Chemist