Title: Beauty Therapist (Maternity Cover)
Webindex: 69688660
Company: Adam Butler Limited
Description: Job Title: Beauty Therapist (Maternity Cover) Salary Benefits: F rom **** per week (subject to experience) plus commission, free parking Free hair beauty treatments when business allows Location: Braintree, CM77 7WW Hours: Full time Hrs ****  per week Providing the ultimate beauty solution in the convenient location within Great Notley Garden Village, our client is a one stop hair and beauty therapy solution with a comprehensive treatment list. My Client is now looking to recruit an experienced Beauty Therapist to cover a period of Maternity Leave, however this position could lead to a permanent role for the right person. Supported by the management team, the successful Beauty Therapist will be responsible for providing the highest levels of product knowledge and customer service whilst carrying out all beauty treatments. You will also be responsible for covering the reception desk, ensuring that all areas of the salon are kept clean and tidy and carrying out regular stock checks. Essential skills and qualifications for the role include:  NVQ level 2 and **** (Decleor trained would be advantageous)  Experienced in all aspects of beauty therapy, especially nails, waxing, massage and facials  Have high professional standards and good communication skills  Work flexible hours (Including evenings Saturdays) You will be given all the equipment and products required to deliver the highest quality treatments. In return for you hard work, passion and enthusiasm you will be rewarded with a competitive basic salary as well as commission opportunities that could add significantly to your overall earnings. If you have the skills, qualities, experience, and passion to succeed in this exciting business, then we want to hear from you. Please send your CV and any cover note you feel appropriate for immediate consideration. This vacancy is being advertised by Adam Butler Limited. The services advertised here are those of an Employment Agency. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation, and we are pleased to accept applications from all sections of the community. Any qualifications listed are indicative and we confirm that we are willing to accept applications from people holding equivalent qualifications. Any direct canvassing or agency approaches will be automatically redirected to adambutlerltd.co.uk for further consideration.