Title: Healthcare Assistant (Cairnmartin Court)
Webindex: 68015225
Company: Priory Group
Description: Job title: Healthcare Assistant Reporting to Senior Care Assistant / NurseinCharge Responsible to Registered Manager, Gavin O HareConnolly Location: Cairnmartin Court Care Home, Ballygomartin Road, Belfast HoursFull time/Part time, Permanent and Bank hours available. (Days and Nights) About our Home: Cairnmartin Court Care Home is a leading provider of Nursing and Dementia Care within the Belfast area. Our 62 bed, modern home is purpose built, with only the best equipment and facilities for our staff and residents. The Home is led by Gavin O HareConnolly, (RCN Nurse of The Year 2011, Mental Health and Learning Disability), and demonstrates only the highest standards in clinical and social care. We pride ourselves in delivering high qulaity care in a homely, informal setting and welcome new staff with a robust and comprehensive induction and training package. Main purpose Supports and assists qualified staff in the planning and implementation of resident care. Delivering care to the resident as prescribed by the individual care plans. Key accountabilities 1. Assists qualified staff with the implementation of individual resident care plans, undertaking routine tasks and activities as directed to facilitate the well being, dignity and treatment of all residents. 2. Provides practical support and responsive care to residents who require assistance with intimate personal needs such as dressing, bathing and toileting activities ensuring that such activities comply with procedures and the relevant healthcare legislation. **** Observes and monitors the well being of residents ensuring that any unusual physical, mental or emotional occurrences are promptly referred to senior staff/the primary nurse and documented as appropriate. **** Develops and maintains a good professional relationship with residents, colleagues and visitors responding promptly and courteously to requests and enquiries. Knowledge skills The role holder will have a good standard of English. Educated to NVQ 2 level would be advantageous but not essential. Experience Experience is not essential as training will be provided, however candidates with a minimum of six months paid/voluntary experience will be preferred. Autonomy impact The majority of duties are routine and covered by local procedures and policy. Intelligent problem solving There is a limited degree of flexibility in altering the sequence of routine tasks. However, the role holder is encouraged to contribute ideas and suggestions, which lead to improvements in healthcare processes or therapeutic activities and events. Responsibility Staff: Occasionally asks to assist less experienced colleagues. Budgets equipment: Collective responsibility for the care and appropriate use of resources in the home. Informatics: Responsibility for the accuracy of personal recordings in residents’ records and maintaining confidentiality. Communication interaction The nature of the role necessitates frequent interaction with staff, residents and visitors in the home involving the regular exchange of routine information in person and over the telephone. Welldeveloped observational and listening skills are essential for monitoring the mental, emotional and physical well being of residents. Working environment The problems faced by residents may present difficult and challenging situations, which may heighten the physical, sensory and emotional demands of the role. Special features The role holder is required to participate in the Priory’s learning and development programme and to work towards acquiring an appropriate NVQ qualification For full job description please click here To Apply Please forward your CV via the apply button below