Title: Social Carer Required  No Experience Necessary  Up to ****
Webindex: 71847064
Company: Clarke Limited
Description: Are you still looking for employment, looking for a career change or just about to leave university or college? Do you feel you are a naturally caring person? Ever thought about a career in care assistance? If you’re longing to launch yourself into an exciting and rewarding career of care assistance, and possess the drive and determination to be the very best, then this opportunity could be just the answer. As the UK’s leading care assistant training provider, we are now recruiting for 2012 intakes and invite applications from highly motivates individuals with a proven track record of success. We provide you with the fastest route to being a care assistant thanks to guaranteed interviews with top employers and secondtonone career support. We offer some of the UK’s leading care assistant training facilities, distraction free learning and the opportunity to work alongside some of the most prestigious firms in the country. Train Now, Pay Later: We offer qualified candidates 100% funding through our Career Loan Scheme, so you can start straight away and then pay for your training once your career as a care assistant has started If successful, you will be offered an exclusive place on our care assistant training scheme where you’ll gain a professional recognised qualification. You will also enjoy professional career development and mentoring from our experienced tutors and industry experts, so you can enter the industry will all the qualifications and experience required. Our next intake is nearing capacity and places are limited and strictly application only. No previous experience or qualifications are necessary. Please note this is a UK wide training scheme. CVs need to be sent to our recruitment partner, Total Social Care Jobs in the first instance. Clarke Careers is working on behalf of this organisation (the Client) and acting as their CV filtering service. You application, if deemed appropriate, will be forwarded directly to the client. By applying for this role, you authorise us to submit your details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SocialCarerRequiredNoExperienceNecessaryUpto****_job****