Title: Quality Team Leader London  Healthcare
Webindex: 72447531
Company: Paramount Recruitment Pharmaceutical
Description: Quality Team Leader London  Healthcare A specialist Healthcare company are currently recruiting a Quality Team leader to join their hugely successful Quality Assurance (QA) Team at their site in South West London, England. This leading manufacturer is the largest in the UK as well as the longest established throughout Europe. They are renowned for their manufacture of natural healthcare products and they predominately specialise in bach flower remedies, herbal remedies, homeopathy and nutrition and health. This is an exceptional opportunity for a Quality professional to expand and develop their experience in all aspects of Quality Assurance and you will report directly to the Quality Manager with the following responsibilities: Key Responsibilities:  To consistently oversee manufacturing, packaging, labelling, and holding operations in the production of products to ensure that these functions are performed in a manner that prevents adulteration and misbranding of finished products.  To be responsible for overseeing that all products meet specifications for identity, purity, quality, strength, composition and compliance management.  To maintain and develop the QMS.  To conduct periodic internal audits of the entire plant, as well as satellite facilities, with documented corrective actions kept on file.  To support the review and approval of all master manufacturing records, and all modifications to the master manufacturing records.  To coordinate the review and approve all batch productionrelated records, including all records for packaging and labelling operations, ensuring that production records are reviewed for completion and errors.  To be involved in problem solving in both quality control laboratory and production situations.  To write Standard Operating Procedures, approve production operating manuals, and maintain updated Standard Operating Procedures.  To review and approve decisions for investigating product complaints, and review and approve the findings and followup action of any investigation performed.  To compile Product Quality Reviews as required by GMP.  To lead the management of change controls and associated actions.  To produce site Quality KPI's to monitor quality performance across the business. For this position, you will have obtained a degree in life sciences as well as at least 5 years experience in Quality Assurance in the natural medicines, healthcare, food or Pharmaceuticals Industry. Furthermore you should have experience in people management, QMS / Quality Management systems, GMP (Good manufacturing practice), GLP (Good laboratory practice) and experience in product manufacturing. This is an exceptional and unique opportunity offering a competitive salary, along with numerous benefits such as life assurance, pension, income protection, BUPA, generous holiday entitlement, and bonuses. Paramount Recruitment Limited provides services as an agency and an employment business. We regularly have similar roles in this area. Please see our website for details or send your CV in to us to find out the latest opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QualityTeamLeaderLondonHealthcare_job****