Title: Domiciliary Optometrist  South Wales / Bristol
Webindex: 72226798
Company: Your World Healthcare
Description: Full Time Domiciliary Optometrist Bristol / South Wales Due to increased demand from our clients, Your World Healthcare are currently recruiting for a Full Time Optometrist in the Bristol / South Wales area for our Domiciliary client One of the Country s leading providers of home sight tests to individuals in their own homes, residential and nursing homes are seeking a highly motivated and enthusiastic full time Optometrist to join their expanding business This role will appeal to those who want to move away from the High Street and want genuine professional freedom and above all a great changing working environment where you are rewarded and recognised for your daily contributions to the business. You must be qualified and have a caring nature, be reliable, friendly and confident whilst also having a full driving licence. You must possess excellent communication skills and have the ability to build rapport with the patients ensuring that they receive the best possible service. If you are looking for a change of environment from the high street and want more diversity and freedom in your working day then this role could be perfect for you. It will allow you the opportunity to put your skills to the test and make a real difference to the quality of a person s life and help and support a local community. Job Requirements Be registered with the GOC Have achieved the core competencies as specified by the college of Optometrists and approved by the GOC Demonstrate commercial awareness Ideally have some basic IT skills Have effective communication skills both verbal and written Demonstrate exceptional customer service skills This is a full time position based on 37.5 hours per week although flexibility will be necessary at times. Base Salary up to **** depending on experience  bonus  benefits ( GOC Fees Paid, Indemnity fees paid, CET events and more ) Your World is a specialist Healthcare recruitment agency registered with The Government Procurement Service for the recruitment of both AHP HSS and Nonmedical Nonclinical staff. With existing contracts, throughout the UK, within both the public and private sectors we are able to provide the best range of jobs possible. Don t forget you could earn **** by just referring a friend or colleague. Conditions apply.