Title: Treatment Room & OH Screening Nurse  Kensington
Webindex: 69817423
Company: Team 24 Ltd
Description: My client is a leading provider of occupational health services. A major private organisation, developing through organic growth and success over the past decade. They now seek an experienced General Nurse to provide a treatment room and screening service in Ealing and central London. The role will be three days a week, nonweekends. In this role as Treatment Room Nurse, you will provide a comprehensive Occupational Health (OH) service, to include the provision of emergency response, treatment and advisory services, health surveillance and promotion, conducting risk assessments, drug and alcohol testing; plus other general OH services. Key role focus areas are: •Clinical responsibilities and emergency response. •Preplacement screening. •Health surveillance and promotion with general OH services The successful candidate will be a qualified General Nurses with (ideally) a background in A&E (current or past). Key skills required include strong clinical skills, suturing, cannulation, triage and CPR. Relationship building skills are a must have, including good communication skills (verbal and written) and also the ability to self manage with good time keeping and decision making skills. This presents a great opportunity to join a leading private organisation and develop a career in Occupational Health. All required training in OH is delivered. Commuting by public transport is an option, but it is desirable (not essential) that you hold a valid drivers licence. To apply, please contact Ross Taylor on **** **** **** and email a CV to rossteam24.co.uk About us: Team24 is a healthcare recruitment specialist which provides healthcare workers for a wide range of temporary placements, from doctors to specialist nurses across the NHS and private sectors. We pride ourselves on providing an exceptional quality of service to all in the healthcare sector, including the NHS, GP Surgeries, Mental Health Institutions, Prisons, Charities, Community Nursing, Nursing Homes, Residential Homes and the Military. We supply Nurses, Care workers, GP’s, Consultants and Homecare, on a 24 hour basis depending on when you need work. We can do this on a Temporary, Fixed Term Contract or Permanent Basis, what ever you need, when ever you need it. We work throughout the UK, supporting clients when they need us and working in partnership with them to ensure that we supply the right member of staff for their needs. As a company we are growing on a weekly basis and have numerous opportunities available in various trusts and private organisations throughout the UK, if this role isn’t what you are looking for why not send you details to our recruitment team via email recruitersteam24.co.uk or visit our website at www.team24.co.uk Thank you for your interest. Team24 is an Equal Opportunity Employer