Title: Social Worker Safeguarding and support service
Webindex: 51285887
Description: Eden Brown Recruitment urgently require an experienced Social Worker to work in this friendly North London Safeguarding and support service team. You will be expected to deliver all aspects of social work provision to children and their families where an assessment of need has been carried out and family support services have been identified. Working with children and young people on Supervision Orders and Family Assistance Orders. The preparation of section **** and **** reports Key responsibilities / activities To assess, identify levels of risk and need and deliver protective or supportive services for children at risk or in need. To promote the welfare of children in need with particular regard for their age, sex, health, race, religion, culture and life experience. To accommodate children and young people and initiate care proceedings when appropriate. To implement care plans, including arrangements for funding and ensuring that the cost of provision remains within agreed budgets. To ensure that all expenditure on cases is properly authorised and recorded and that cases with financial packages are regularly monitored and reviewed. To monitor and review the implementation of, and to provide continuing advice, support and social work services to children and young people, their families and their carers. To produce court statements and when required, give evidence in court on behalf of the Local Authority in Family Proceedings Court and any other court within Family Division as required. To provide verbal and written reports to Child Protection conferences, strategy meetings, planning meeting and reviews. To take responsibility for managing an individual caseload, having regard to the relative needs of all service users and ensuring an effective use of time and resources. To attend and make use of supervision and staff appraisals. To maintain and develop up to date relevant skills and knowledge of current legislation, policy and social work practice, through training as required or agreed by Team Manager. To contribute through team meetings and organisational events to the development of the Assessment and Child in Need Service. To participate in the development and implementation of performance indicators and quality service standards. To maintain accurate and up to date electronic case records in line with Departmental policies and procedures. To act as duty officer on a rota basis and as required by the Team Manager. The duty social worker is responsibly for dealing with emergencies, which arise on allocated cases when the allocated worker is unavailable. To report any concerns about abuse or malpractice by colleague, in line with the Council's Whistle Blowing Policy. To ensure that all legislation and local council policies regarding Health and Safety are adhered to. These activities may be varied from time to time to meet the changing needs of the service. PERSON SPECIFICATION for SOCIAL WORKERS Assessment , Children in Need and Safegaurding Service Criteria The following criteria describe the education, experience and skills which are considered necessary to carry out the duties of this post. You should note that your application will be judged against these criteria's for shortlisting purposes and so you should address these points in your application. Experience /qualifications Social Work qualification and registration with the General Social Care Council. Experience of working directly with children and young people and their families from a linguistically and culturally diverse community. Experience of working in the Statutory, Voluntary or the Independent sector. To apply please send your CV to Becky today at B.Dewisedenbrown.com or call her direct dial on **** Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.