Title: Healthcare Development Executive
Webindex: 69864728
Company: 20 20 Selection Ltd
Description: Healthcare Development Executive, NHS Liaison, Partnership Development  this is an exciting opportunity to join a growing pharmaceutical company; a place where the best people can develop their careers and can contribute to and share in the ongoing success. Covering London and the South East (Kent, Sussex and Surrey), your key objectives would be to create and maintain key relationships with relevant NHS stakeholder so as to optimise sales of the portfolio in the area. This would include engaging NHS organisations (PCT/CCGs) and KOL s in projects and joint working initiatives to maximise opportunities. Reporting to the National Sales Manager, and working alongside Regional Business Managers and their teams, you would streamline key account plans and be the local NHS specialist. To be considered for this key, you will firstly need to be highly motivated, hardworking and innovative in your approach. It is also likely you will;  Be ABPI qualified with a proven track record in your field sales career to date  Have advanced selling, presentation and negotiating skills  Be able to motivate and influence internal and external customers at all levels  Have excellent analytical, business and planning skills  Sound clinical, competitor and NHS knowledge  Enjoy working towards challenging personal targets as well as contributing to the success of the wider team If you feel that this could be your job then we would like to hear from you; send your CV to administrator****selection.co.uk and/or call **** **** ********. On offer to the successful person will be an attractive basic salary, company car, pension, sales bonus, 25 days holiday (plus Public Holidays) and other benefits. Importantly, this is a company where innovation, dedication and application result in a rewarding and satisfying career. 20:20 Selection Ltd promises to treat your application as important and will review your profile against our client s requirements. However, if you have not heard from us within 7 days please assume that on this occasion you have not been successful. Keywords: sales, medical, pharmaceutical, healthcare, development, executive, partnership, NHS, Liaison, market, acccess, hospital, primary care, CCG, representative, senior, clinical, South East, Kent, Sussex, Surrey, London