Title: Care Assistant / Senior Care Assistant
Webindex: 48481483
Description: Care Assistant / Senior Care Assistant Domiciliary Care Salary: 7 to **** per hour (flexible Shifts, Full or Part Time) Location: Peterborough We require both full/ part time care assistants and senior care assistants to deliver a high standard of care to individuals with a range needs in their own homes. The Position: We are looking to recruit experienced care workers to work within the community based throughout the Peterborough Community. The service specialises in providing care and support for individuals with a range of conditions, disabilities and elderly service users. The Person: You need to be enthusiastic, committed and have an outgoing personality. Experience in a similar role is desirable but not essential as full training will be provided Higher rate of pay available for senior carers and carers with experience of reablement Qualifications are not essential  but if you have NVQ level 2 that would be beneficial to your application Senior Cares must hold and NVQ Level 3 in Health Small and established independent provider of quality home care and support services; supporting and enabling members of the community to retain independence, whether this be in the comfort of their own home or providing support that meets their needs; 7 days a week, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. They work closely with Peterborough Council and have won a number of key contracts, hence the need to recruit. The package: Basic salary starts ****ph (depending on experience and qualifications), competitive mileage and excellent incentives for reliable / high calibre carers. We can also offer higher salaries to senior carers or carers with experience working within enablement services. This position would be ideal for candidates from the following backgrounds: Carer, Home Carer, HCA, Support worker, care manager, care supervisor, care assistant and healthcare assistant. Interested? Then send us your CV and we will consider you for the first round of interviews. To apply for this or similar opportunities, please email a full and updated CV to dean.robertsoncoburgbanks.co.uk.