Title: Staff Nurse  Interventional Cardiology
Webindex: 70764126
Company: MedicsPro
Description: Position: Staff Nurse Interventional Cardiology Location: Central London Salary Range: ********/annum  Benefits Summary of Staff Nurse Interventional Cardiology: MedicsPro are actively seeking a nurse with experience in interventional cardiology for a permanent position at our client s private hospital in London. The post holder will be working on a busy 20 bedded interventional cardiology unit with a 5 bedded day case area. The unit carries out all types of cardiac interventions as well as some cardiac medical admissions. The post holder will be responsible for your allocated patient case load. You will mentor and educate junior or temporary staff to the unit. You will take on a link nurse role for your chosen area. An internal rotation will be required. The successful candidate will have opportunity for further training and development whilst at the hospital, as well as a fantastic benefits package. Skills/Requirements for Staff Nurse Interventional Cardiology: Registered Nurse Level 1 NMC registration Postregistration experience in interventional cardiology Mentorship qualification or specialist course is an advantage You must be able to work an internal rotation Benefits of Staff Nurse Interventional Cardiology:  Retirement Scheme  Healthcare Scheme  Life Assurance  Critical Illness Insurance  Childcare Vouchers  Dental Insurance  Life Style Screening  Personal Accident Insurance If you are interested in applying for this role please click APPLY now or contact Katie on (Apply online only) or via email About MedicsPro: MedicsPro is one of the UK s leading specialist medical recruitment agencies, contracted to supply medical staff to a wide range of public and private sector clients throughout the country. MedicsPro offer both Locum and Permanent staffing solutions across all medical areas working with Nurses, Doctors, Allied Health Professionals (AHP), Health Science Staff (HSS) and more. Refer a Friend: We are offering a bonus of **** for any referral that leads to a successful placement in this role. Please call (Apply online only) for further details