Title: Pharmacovigilance officer
Webindex: 68707947
Company: Austin Fraser
Description: I am currently recruiting for a Pharmacovigilance Officer for a privately owned, fast growing company focusing on the development, licensing and marketing of niche generic medicines and currently have over **** products licensed in the United Kingdom and across Europe. My client has over **** pharmaceutical products in various stages of development and registration covering a broad range of molecules in various dosage forms. This is a new role in the company as they are expanding and you will be working along side **** other Pharmacovigilance Officers and reporting to the New Drug Development and Scientific Affairs Manager. The ideal candidate will have Knowledge and use of the Pharmacovigilance database for processing of Adverse Events and Adverse Drug Reactions. A key part of the job will include Submission of Adverse Events and Adverse Drug Reactions in the appropriate format to the Regulatory bodies, in compliance with the statutory time lines. Below is a brief description of the responsibilities: Organisation of all cases into a comprehensive documentation system. Compilation and presentation of submission metrics. Highlighting any areas of concern/discrepancies in the ADR arena to the Scientific Affairs Manager. Maintain an up to date knowledge of pharmacovigilance regulations. Pharmacovigilance training and mentoring. SOP writing and maintenance. Communication with internal and external customers. Maintain contract database with all relevant documentation. Report writing and generation of meeting minutes. Monitoring of changes to the pharmacovigilance guidelines. Review of SmPCs against market leaders SmPC for generic clients. EudraVigilance reporting and reporting of expedited cases as appropriate. Updating and adding clients products to the EVMPD (EudraVigilance Medicinal Product Dictionary). Preparation of periodic safety update reports (PSURs) (training given). Prepare organisation for regulatory authority PV Inspections by the MHRA, MPA, FDA including development and maintenance of SPS document, followup of corrective and preventative actions. Work closely with International Quality Assurance to plan and execute the internal PV audit programme, implement monthly compliance reports, and assist with GCP Inspection. Assist with the customisation, upgrade, and rollout of the ARISg PV database, including the creation of User Requirement Specifications (URS), validation package, Data Entry Instructions, and associated training material. Reporting of adverse drug reactions to regulatory authorities and affiliates. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Pharmacovigilanceofficer_job****