Title: Clinical Study Specialist UK  Medical Device
Webindex: 71233351
Company: Head Office
Description: Clinical Study Specialist UK  Medical Device Company ****k Major Responsibilities Serving as a primary point of contact for investigators who are assigned to clinical studies for which they are responsible. Developing ongoing relationships with investigators to maximise all opportunities for full enrolment and data capture Will be having regular meetings with investigators, including attendance in OR as appropriate, to gain status update and ensure studies are in the forefront of the investigators mind. Assisting in the preparation and coordination of investigator meetings and attends when required Supporting patient recruitment at each assigned site via engagement of sites in a studywide patient recruitment programmes Providing Clinical Operations team with timely updates regarding site management and/or performance issues. Maintains a constant and effective communication with Clinical Operations team. Assisting in the preparation and dissemination of materials related to clinical studies as required ensuring they are appropriate to the local language and environment. Assists in the negotiation of the study agreements and budgets, with guidance from clinical project manager. Assists in the identification and recruitment of potential investigators. Coaches investigators to ensure compliance and performance, including meeting all regulatory requirements, reporting protocols discrepancies and ethical practice issues. Assists with the training of investigators to ensure consistency and appropriateness in surgical techniques in line with study protocol. Maintain current knowledge about industry activities, scientific advancements, clinical practices and newly published data; secure relevant timely documentation and communicate this to the appropriate stakeholders. Work within a multidisciplinary team including internal and external partners Position Qualifications Relevant Scientific degree, preferably in Life Sciences or a Clinical related field Knowledge of GCP and European regulatory requirements Must be able to fluently speak English and either French or German Skills and experience Ability to build strong relationships and work strategically with investigators, external agencies such as a CRO and internal colleagues. Ability to multitask and manage several projects and investigators in parallel, paying attention to detail Experience of Clinical Research and protocols Exceptional time management and ability to prioritise Strong presentation and influencing skills Proficient in Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint applications Proven ability to work successfully within a team as well as being selfdirectional when needed. Forge crossfunctional working relationships with internal teams and external project partners. Flexibility to travel is essential