Title: Registered Nurse RMN/RNLD  Bank  Edinburgh
Webindex: 67746185
Company: Four Seasons Health Care
Description: Site or Unit :Huntercombe Gilmerton Neurodisability CentreAddress :9 Moredunvale Road Moredun Edinburgh EH**** ****QUGilmerton Neurodisability Centre is part of The Huntercombe Group which is the largest specialist services provider in the UK. We have a very close knit team of around **** staff. The Centre is located in the district of Moredun which is within easy reach of the city of Edinburgh with it s many attractions and amenities and is easily accessible from the A**** with good public transport links. Edinburgh Royal Infirmary is situated nearby, as are local shops, library and other community services. The Unit has a good Care Inspectorate grading. Gilmerton Neurodisability Centre provides nursing, long term residential and social care to clients living with a variety of genetic and trauma related acquired brain injuries in a person centred care approach, promoting choices and independence as much as possible. This service is for adults aged 18 years and over who are medically stable with a range of conditions including: Complex Neurodisability Neurological Conditions such as Multiple Sclerosis, Motor Neurone Disease, Huntington's disease and Cerebral Palsy. Acquired brain injuries such as head injury and stroke. Gilmerton provides an excellent induction and continued training, with great opportunities to broaden your skill base. We have got an excellent support network within the group to assist and guide you with all aspects of the running of the centre.As a Registered Nurse you will work closely with the Centre Manager and deputise in their absence. You will be responsible for carrying out general nursing responsibilities including the overall well being of the residents and assisting with the formulation and implementation of the delivery of excellent standards of care; promoting independence and dignity and positively enhancing the lives of individuals in our care. So as a Registered Nurse what do you need to do to make this happen? Support the Deputy Nurse Manager and Registered Manager with the day to day nursing responsibilities Carry out ongoing assessments to determine individual needs and assist with the formulation of personal care plans Work Closely with the residents to promote greater independence and encourage a wide range of activities Ensure high standards of personal health hygiene.