Title: Clinical Advisor  Patient Monitoring
Webindex: 69689704
Company: Progress Sales Recruitment Ltd
Description: Clinical Specialist / Nurse Advisor Patient Monitoring / Non Invasive Haemoglobin Multinational company based in the US and are well respected in the marketplace, they have advanced technology that is used in the competitor products. Consistently growing, great opportunities for progression the UK operation enjoys phenomenal backup from the US office and service delivery is paramount.  UK Wide National Role  Home Based  ****k Basic Salary / Commission / Excellent package including car corporate benefits.  Clinical Advisor / Nurse Advisor / Territory Manager / Sales Representative / Account Manager / Business Development Manager  Patient Monitoring / MedicalCapital Equipment Sales Role The Clinical Specialist / Nurse Advisor will work closely with the sales team to facilitate the sales of a leading range of highly technical patient monitoring solutions. Specialising in a niche offering that through non invasive means measures haemoglobin within surgical, critical care and emergency department settings the device has particular emphasis on neuro, cardiac and liver disorders. The company is well established with a fantastic reputation so you will have a great potential to build on. Spending considerable time partnering / training clinical professionals the specialist / advisor will be tasked with positioning our client as the provider of choice within ITU / CCU and theatre based patient monitoring. This is a genuine opportunity with a growing market leader to nurture key specialist accounts nationally through already established contacts. Applicant  Experience working as an ODA / ODP with exposure to procedures / treatments in the neuro, cardiac or liver environment.  Ideally applicants will have worked as a nurse advisor, clinical specialist or similar.  A good understanding of patient monitoring.  Applicants will be considered without commercial experience if they have an excellent attitude and are looking to move into the commercial environment.  Smart, articulate, professional and hard working. To apply for this  or any of our exciting opportunities in the medical devices sales market  Apply Online. Progress Sales Recruitment is a specialist sales only medical recruitment consultancy dedicated to offering client and applicants alike the highest levels of service. With over 8 years experience in recruitment we specialise in the following areas of work  Nurse Advisers, Clinical Specialists, Theatre Sales Specialists, Sales Executives, Business Development Managers, Team Leaders, Sales Managers, Sales Directors and all other sales focused roles within the medical sector. Our core therapy areas include Vascular, Endoscopy, Urology, Neurology, ENT, Infection Control, Anaesthesia, Blood Products, Diathermy, Infusion, Orthopaedics, Surgical Instruments and all PCT, Primary, Secondary, Theatre and Rehabilitation products.