Title: Ward Sister  General and Orthopaedics
Webindex: 72610035
Company: JP Recruitment
Description: Location : Northamptonshire Job Type : Full Time Hours: Permanent 37.5 hours per week Following a large extension at my clients Hospital they are currently looking for a dynamic and professional Sisters to support the Ward Manager in the achievement of all the Ward relevant financial, activity and governance targets. You will also work with the project lead in the development of oncology, medical and cardiac services at the hospital. The Ward Sisters will be accountable to the Matron and Ward Manager. If you are a registered nurse, with a strong clinical background in ward nursing and have, or be willing to work towards a degree in a health related subject then the Ward Sister role will be a key role for utilising your skills and developing managerial skills. You must have or be willing to work towards a teaching and assessing qualification, ILS/ALS, ALERT or equivalent course. Clinical pathway review or redesign is an advantage but not essential. You will be pivotal in ensuring the delivery of high standards of care and will be expected to be proactive to support the ward Manager in ensuring the smooth and efficient running of the Ward. The successful applicant will need to be able to work under pressure and be an enthusiastic team player. You will have key relationships with all the departments within the hospital and will be interacting with Consultants on a daily basis and so excellent organisational and communication skills are essential The hospital currently has many facilities including, operating theatres, endoscopy unit, HDU unit, radiology unit, physiotherapy unit and outpatient facilities and is currently undergoing an exciting development to expand our operating and outpatient facilities. The hospital offers a wide variety of specialities and prides itself on providing a high standard of care both to patients and staff. Qualifications / Key Selection Criteria Role Specific Criteria Essential Strong clinical background as a ward nurse Some degree of exposure in a senior role to stakeholders such as Consultants, Physicians, Allied Health professionals, patients and suppliers Previous clinical supervisory experience ALS (or will obtain within 3 months of appointment) AIMS (or will obtain within 3 months of appointment) Desirables Previous training experience or qualification Degree (must be willing to work towards) Experience of clinical pathway design For more information please contact Holly Brace at JP Recruit on **** **** or **** **** **** or alternatively forward your CV to hollyjprec.co.uk Ward Sister General and Orthopaedics  **** Positions