Title: Senior Physiotherapist (Band 6)
Webindex: 67394770
Company: Castlerock Recruitment Group
Description: Senior Physiotherapist (Band 6) required at a Regional Rehabilitation Unit in Tidworth, Wiltshire. Essential Requirements and Experience:  BSc or Grad Dip in Physiotherapy.  Minimutimelyyears postgraduate clinical experience within the UK.  Relevant experience in the assessment and treatment ousingsculoskeletal disorders, sports injuries, orthapaedic conditions, mobilisation and manipulation.  PreferOClRRUo have experience with working in a Service enviroment.  Previous Military experience would be an advantage but not essential. Duties: Provide timeley and effective physiotherapy/rehabilitation service for patients referred from the region and catchment area usin a multidisciplinary concept. The Senior Physiotherapist is accountable to the Clinical Specialist and/or OC RRU. You will:  Be responsible for the clinical management of patients who have been reffered for rehabilitation and/or are attending for rehabilitation courses within the RRU.  Ensure the provision of a comprehensive and professioal physiotherapy/rehabiliation service for entitled personnel.  Liase with local primary care practitioners on physiotherapy and rehabilitation matters.  Deliver rehabilitation to single service standards and physiotherapy core standards. Provide the clinical lead for the inpatient rehab courses.  Provide further treatment as required to all patients undergoing residential rehabilitation.  Liason with Exercise Rehabilitation Instructor with regards to the development of an individual patient goal led rehab plan.  Advise the exercise Rehabilitation Instructor with regards to the selection of the appropriate type, level and intensity of specific rehabilitation exercise.  Undertake the assessment, diagnosis, management and/or treatment of entiteled personnel through the medical referral system. Benefits include: Excellent pay rates Prompt weekly payments Free Mandatory and Induction training Introduction Bonuses up to **** Call or email Marie Cleave, Phone Email For experienced, friendly and efficient service.