Title: Deputy Manager SEBD
Webindex: 55720822
Description: My Client is a successful independently owned and run social enterprise organisation that provides care to a wide range of service user groups in England and Wales to include Schools for children and young people with SEBD and associated difficulties. They are looking to recruit a Young People ’s Team Manager who has their NVQ 3/**** preferably in Children & Young People to work in one of their small Ofsted registered residential homes. The Home is registered with Ofsted for a maximum of **** young people aged **** who have social, educational, behavioural and associated disorders. The setting is a large, detatched family house near Croydon, Surrey. The home provides a nurturing, secure and supportive environment to its young people enabling them to develop both socially and emotionally enabling them to prepare for independent living and further education or work when leaving care. Applicants are invited to apply through Fprgroup and interviews will be held shortly. Applicants will possess the following qualifications, skills and experience: NVQ 3/**** in (Children & Young People) Previous experience of working in a supervisory role with young people with SEBD and associated difficulties Proficient knowledge of Ofsted regulating and other legislative requirements Excellent proven leadership skills and able to be a good role model to the pupils and staff whilst maintaining professionalism and resilience Excellent verbal and written communication skills as well as computer literate Excellent working knowledge and understanding of childcare legislation, including Every Child Matters/the five outcomes Able to effectively use a range of strategies when dealing with confrontational or challenging behaviour from a young person Previous experience of managing staff Able to use a computer and various software systems Must have clean driving licence and own transport Responsibilities: Working in collaboration with the Home Manager to: Actively contribute to the provision of quality care, education and development of the young person. To ensure that the health, welfare and development needs of the young person are met and ensure ‘looked after’ reviews are written accurately with the timescales required. To ensure that reviews and emergency planning meetings are attended To contribute towards the positive, safe and homely environment to promote a warm and accepting atmosphere where young people can develop at their own pace Delegating day to day tasks to the Seniors on shift in order to ensure the smooth running of the home. To adhere to and follow all aspects of legislation and regulation in conjunction with the home’s Policies and procedures and undertake comprehensive audits of care files to ensure compliancy with regulatory requirements and keep self updated with any changes to legislation, practice, etc. Ensure appropriate staff cover and rotas are covered in accordance with the home’s staffing budget. Undertake responsibility for ensuring that the upkeep of care plans, risk assessments, etc., is carried out on a regular basis or as and when necessary To assume overall responsibility for the house when required by the Team Manager Due to the nature of this role, applicants will require an enhanced CRB check and a full **** year reference history check. This is an excellent opportunity for Applicants wanting progress in their career working for a creative, forwardthinking, nationwide company. Working Details and Benefits : **** pa depending on experience, qualifications and aptitude 40 hours per week on a shift rota basis to include earlies, lates, some weekends and at least two sleepins per week 33 days holiday per year inc bank holidays Excellent career progression prospects Lovely working environment Excellent indoor and outdoor Activities Programme Ongoing support and continual professional training and development Please note: Due to the sensitive nature of this role, unfortunately Candidates applying who do not possess the necessary skills, qualifications and experience will not be put forward for this role. If you are interested please click on the ‘apply now’ button, send your CV to Cheskafprgroup.com or call me on **** **** immediately. FPR Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy