Title: Rehabilitation Assistant
Webindex: 71592475
Company: Woodlands Neurological Rehabilitation Centre
Description: Must be **** This is a zero hour contract vacancy. This is an introductory and training level which incorporates those from inexperienced backgrounds. A Grade Rehabilitation Assistant must demonstrate good literacy and numeracy skills and also demonstrate good communication skills. Purpose of Position  To share with other staff in meeting the personal and social care needs of residents in a way that respects the privacy and dignity of the individual and promotes independence.  To help in the care of the residents physical environment and in the general day to day activities of the home.  To take delegated responsibilities of the resident under your care.  Ability to work flexibly to meet the needs of the service. Responsibilities  Assist residents with all personal care needs ie showering, bathing, toileting, dressing etc as detailed in their individual care plan.  Support residents with mobility problems and other physical disabilities.  Support residents with their social, emotional, psychological, cognitive and behavioural needs as required and dictated by their individual care plans and risk assessments.  Adhere to the residents’ individual weekly programmes, supporting residents to achieve their daily activities as delegated by the Team Coordinator.  Provide residents with choice in all aspects of their daily living ie choice of food etc.  Respond to emergency bells, the door and the telephone in a timely manner.  Read and write entries in case notes and complete all other relevant paperwork ie incident and accident forms as required.  Take part in staff and residents’ meetings.  Participate in mandatory training and any other statutory training as required.  Actively communicate with the team and bring to the attention of a senior staff member anything that may have significant effect on the wellbeing of residents.  To protect the confidentiality of the home and in particular any details about residents or the business of the home and not communicate any of these details with individuals outside of the home.  To conform to all policies and procedures within the home, including Health and Safety.  Contribute to the maintenance of a safe home environment in accordance with health and safety legislation  Carry out other reasonable duties as may be required. Person Specification  Is willing, caring, can take direction, is a team player, can communicate, is enthusiastic, willing to learn and has a desire to develop within the company.  Has a desire to develop skills in working with vulnerable adults.  Is flexible, practical and demonstrates good ‘people’ skills.  Is empathetic to the needs of those with disabilities.  Is a team player. The employer has claimed an exception under the Equality Act 2010.