Title: Newly qualified RGN
Webindex: 69856569
Description: Appoint Group vacancy Job Title Newly Qualified Staff Nurse RGN Location  Salisbury (Wiltshire) Salary  **** per hour Hours: Full time and Part Time hours available Contract type: Permanent Job Description  An exciting opportunity has arisen for a newly qualified general nurse (RGN) to for one of the UK's leading healthcare providers. The service itself is a 38 bedded general Care Home which enjoys an excellent reputation for care quality and succeeds in offering an attentive, friendly and homely environment. Staff morale is high as is demonstrated by their low staff turnover. We are currently looking for a couple of nurses to work on a permanent basis. We have both full time and part time hours available. Shift patterns are flexible; we can offer either day (8am  8pm or 8am  2pm or 2pm  8am) or night shifts (8pm  8am), depending of your preference. To be considered for the role, the applicant must have a strong desire to work with elderly residents. Applicants must be confident in their ability to work both independently and within a multidisciplined team of care staff. Sound clinical knowledge and skills are also important. Employee benefits include:  A structured training scheme  A fantastic preceptorship programme for newly qualified nurses  Ongoing career development opportunities  Excellent work environments  Competitive salary rates based on experience, qualifications and skill  Sick pay  5.6 weeks of paid holiday per annum  Paid breaks  Lunch on shift  Contributory pension scheme  Bonus payment (every year)  Staff discounts  Holiday of a life time scheme  Free uniform  Christmas present  Applicants must be RGN trained and must hold a valid PIN. All applicants should be eligible to live and work in the UK without restriction. Strong communication skills are vital to succeed in this role, together with the ability to be a good team player. Sound clinical knowledge and skills are also important. For more information regarding this vacancy, please contact Erin Banner on **** **** or send a copy of your CV to erin.bannerappointgroup.co.uk.