Title: Optometrist  Plymouth
Webindex: 68496996
Company: Your World Healthcare
Description: Optometrist Plymouth Due to Increased demand from our clients, Your World Healthcare are currently recruiting for an Optometrist in Plymouth Job Overview We re looking for Optometrists to work as part of a team delivering total satisfaction to customers through conducting thorough eye examinations, contact lens assessments and contact lens aftercare. You ll offer customers recommendations to the highest professional and ethical standards. You ll also use your knowledge to effectively identify customer needs and recommend eyewear and eye care solutions accordingly. You ll also act as an ambassador for the client ensuring every customer is welcomed into the store and to ensure their expectations are exceeded throughout the customer journey. You ll also play an active role in the provision of mentoring the store team as well as providing technical advice and guidance to the store team to encourage best practice at all times. You ll also work closely with the in store Lab team to ensure all eye wear is produced to the correct specifications so that when a customer collects their order it has a quality seal of approval. Job Requirements Be registered with the GOC Have achieved the core competencies as specified by the college of Optometrists and approved by the GOC Demonstrate commercial awareness Ideally have some basic IT skills Have effective communication skills both verbal and written Demonstrate exceptional customer service skills Salary **** D.O.E.  excellent benefits You ll need to demonstrate good attention to detail along with good customer service. Team work also forms a big part of our culture so the ability to work well with other people is essential. You ll also be enthusiastic and willing to help others learn. Your World is a specialist Healthcare recruitment agency registered with The Government Procurement Service for the recruitment of both AHP HSS and Nonmedical Nonclinical staff. With existing contracts, throughout the UK, within both the public and private sectors we are able to provide the best range of jobs possible. Don t forget you could earn **** by just referring a friend or colleague. Conditions apply. .