Title: Nursing Home Manager & Deputy Manager  Gloucester
Webindex: 71607635
Company: Domus Recruitment
Description: Domus Recruitment are in an advantageous position in acting on behalf of a prestigious client who are currently seeking both a Manager and a Deputy for one of their Nursing Homes in South Gloucestershire. These are two very rare opportunities to join a very friendly and professional care provider in a lovely location. The medium sized home caters for general nursing and residential service users and is not a dementia specialist home.The RolesThe Nursing Home Manager will be required to manage this medium sized home and take responsibility for all aspects of running the home including care plan implementation, adhering to all CQC (CSCI) regulations and raising standards of care where necessary. You will also be responsible for staff recruitment, training and appraisals and organising staff rotas. Whilst you will have a superb support network to assist with a broad spectrum of matters, you will also be required to handle liaising with external bodies and the setting and monitoring of budgets. You will be required to maintain the high care standards that have been set in the home, and be an excellent manager of staff. The Deputy Manager will be required to actup to manage the running of the Home in the Manager’s absence. Whilst you will be clinically ‘handson’, you must also be able to manage the nursing and ancillary teams and work in a mentoring and leading role where required.RequirementsTo be considered for either or both posts, you must be a qualified RGN nurse with a valid and current NMC PIN number. The Manager must have Nursing Home Management experience in a similar sized home, and possess an RMA or NVQ **** management qualification. The Deputy should have experience in nursing home environments, be strong clinically and be able to work alongside all other staff. Salaries offered for both roles will be dependent upon experience – both clinical and managerial.If you would like to find out more about these opportunities, or you know of someone who may be interested, please reply to this ad today. Please attach a copy of your most recent CV so we can assess your suitability for the role.