Title: Sister/Charge Nurse  Paediatric Ward  Central London
Webindex: 68306050
Company: Medic International
Description: Our client is a leading provider of independent healthcare based in Central London; we are seeking an experienced and motivated Sister/Charge Nurse for their Paediatric Inpatient ward. Treating the full range of Paediatric medical and surgical specialities this Hospital works with the elite of London's most experienced consultants and other healthcare specialists. Supported by stateoftheart equipment this centre of excellent offers a high standard of acute and critical nursing care, within pleasant and comfortable surroundings. Successful applicants will enjoy career development and support from strong management and executive teams; the opportunity to work alongside expert consultants and a multi disciplinary team of other healthcare specialists, access to a dedicated professional and personal development program and experience within a highly professional working environment. The benefits of working for this company include: •Private medical insurance •Life assurance cover •Pension scheme •Performance bonus scheme •Online staff discounts •Occupational sick pay scheme •Childcare vouchers •Heavily discounted gym membership •Season ticket loan •Eye sight testing •Subsidised staff restaurant •Discounted dry cleaning Duties of the post •Reporting directly to the Ward Manager; deputising in their absence when required and taking charge of the department on majority of shifts. •To promote and manage the delivery of high quality nursing care to children admitted to the Unit. •To supervise, direct and mentor staff and senior staff nurses, healthcare assistants and student nurses. A full job description is available upon request. Person requirements •Registered Paediatric Nurse, registered with the NMC (not requiring a period of Supervised Placement) •At least two years experience in a Paediatric Senior Staff Nurse role. •Permission to undertake employment in the UK (not requiring ?workpermit? sponsorship)