Title: Field Care Supervisor  Ipswich  Ipswich
Webindex: 69184932
Company: Allied Healthcare Group
Description: Allied Healthcare Group is one of the UK's leading providers of domiciliary care and healthcare staffing services.From our communitybased network of over **** branches we are able to combine the strength of a national organisation with the local availability of fully trained Care Workers, Registered Nurses, Healthcare Assistants and Support Workers to local authorities, primary care trusts, private individuals, industry, residential care homes and hospitals.An opportunity has arisen for a Field Care Supervisor to join out team in Carmarthen. The successful applicant will be responsible for the ongoing field supervision of domiciliary and continuing healthcare support workers and will ensure that patient or service user requirements are met whilst maintaining compliance of care and nursing standards in accordance with AHG and Local Authority policies and procedures. You will be required to provide daytoday support to the Operational Network, assisting with the assessment, set up and review of health and social care packages, and you will be required to ensure that a skilled workforce is in place and they are able to deliver safe quality care to all clients. As the Field Care Supervisor your responsibilities will include: Ensuring that the client receives the appropriate care package and that continuity of care is a priority. Providing telephone support to clients and care staff and where necessary, to work as a “hands on' carer in setting up the packages in the initial few weeks. To assist the Branch Manager in auditing the standard of service delivery to clients by: Conducting spot checks and supervisions Client satisfaction questionnaires Attending review meetings with client / family / local authority / health personnel as required Creating and updating client care plans in accordance with AHG policies and procedures Any other administrative procedures required by the Branch / Line Manager Assist the Branch with Care Workers interviews & compliance Assist with Risk Management training to all existing Care Workers Complete the Risk Assessments and care plans of all domiciliary packages as well as the Non Case Managed & Level 1 Continuing Healthcare packages Checking and supervising care workers competence at delivery of medication to clients and practical application of Manual Handling techniques.  Work shift patterns / unsocial hours as per the clinical needs of the packages  Demonstrate the ability to manage the caseload effectively, dealing with unexpected issues e.g. Sickness. Qualifications You must possess a minimum of NVQ Level 2 in Health and Social Care (NVQ Level 3 highly desirable) and will be working towards NVQ Level 3 or **** or equivalent. You must demonstrate commitment to working within a team and have a flexible approach to working hours and practices. This role will involve an element of oncall duties. If you have the relevant skills and experience required and would like more information about this opportunity, please send a copy of your CV to careersalliedhealthcare.com.