Title: A&E Nurse  Bedford
Webindex: 66585091
Description: Bedford Hospital NHS Trust are working in partnership with Hays Healthcare to recruit A E Nurses to work in the Hospital s Accident and Emergency Department. We are able to offer a challenging and rewarding environment for nurses to utilise a broad range of nursing skills. Bedford Hospital NHS Trust is a 403 bed, high performing acute district general hospital committed to providing a caring and safe environment for patients and staff. The accident and emergency (A E) department at Bedford Hospital is located within the south wing site and is open 24 hours a day, 365 days a year and provides a service for patients who are brought in by ambulance, or who have selfreferred. The department serves a catchment area with a population of **** people from north and mid Bedfordshire. Bedford Hospital also provides the vascular surgery service for the whole of Bedfordshire which means that patients from Luton and Dunstable hospital will be transferred to Bedford for emergency or urgent vascular surgery. Working as an A E nurse, you will be responsible for assessing patients; plans and implementing care for adults, providing specialist advice and maintaining associated records and Carrying out specialist nursing procedures when required. We are looking for A E Nurses that are keen on variety and the opportunity to provide excellent care to patients within challenging and busy environments. To be considered for this position you must be able to demonstrate the following: At least 6 months current UK clinical experience. The ability to adapt to different hospital environments. Selfmotivated, uses own initiative and excellent at making decisions. Able to work under pressure and respond effectively to challenging situations. Time management and effective delegation skills. As well as receiving ongoing dedicated support, you ll also enjoy a range of employee benefits, including: **** Bonus every time you refer a colleague Holiday Entitlement (PAYE Only) Competitive rates of pay Fast Track Registration Free mandatory and specialist Training Terms conditions apply To have an informal discussion please contact Troy Davids on **** **** **** E: or submit your CV via the job advert.