Title: Mental Health Support Worker : NHS, Support Worker, HCA, HCSW, C  Rochdale
Webindex: 70013755
Company: Castlerock Recruitment Group
Description: Are you looking for career in care or a new role in the NHS? Do you have experience in Mental health? Then join our dedicated NHS nursing and care team CRG are looking for HCA, Nursing Assistant, HCSW, Support Worker, Carer, Health Care Assistant to work within Mental Health Services in the NHS. This vacancy is being advertised by Castlerock Healthcare who is acting as an employment business. We are a preferred and key supplier into the NHS and have large amounts of work available. We require exceptional and committed support workers/ care professionals with previous experience in the NHS or Private Sector healthcare, to deliver high standards of care in and around the Rochdale area. Experience of working within specialist mental health services is essential. A good working knowledge of the support and care needs of people with mental health problems is required along with the understanding of a Mental Health Illness within a secured ward environment. We require dedicated, professional people who have experience of working with service users with Learning Disabilities, Mental Health or other complex needs including Challenging and/ or Disruptive Behaviour. This will also include working in the following areas; •Hospital Settings •Ward Environments •Local Prisons •Treatment rooms •Inreach/ Outreach •Post Natal Depression Services •CAMHS •Learning Disabilities Staff will be required to provide evidence of recent Managing Violence and Aggression (MVA) training or be willing to undertake our training course along with proof of up to date immunisations. In return we offer a personal pension, free mandatory training, flexible hours, weekly pay combined with a competitive temporary workers benefit package. This post is subject to CRB clearance, preemployment and reference checks. Candidates who are able to provide all the relevant pre employment checks can professionally be offered work within 710 days. (This is dependent on all pre employment checks being satisfactorily completed