Title: Gloucestershire  Registered General Nurse
Webindex: 68498086
Company: Bupa Care Homes
Description: About the role You will be responsible for maintaining the highest standards of care and clinical excellence Leading a team, you ll develop, implement and evaluate individualised care plans, ensuring the physical, emotional and social needs of our residents are met Other key duties will include delivering hands on nursing, safe administration of drugs, maintaining accurate records, complying to policies, procedures and guidelines of the company and governing bodies Working alongside a multidisciplinary team, you will really get to know our residents and their families, promoting independence, choice, dignity and respect You will motivate and mentor your team, delivering teaching sessions and guiding the professional development of junior colleagues. Who we re looking for As a Level 1 Registered Nurse with a valid NMC PIN Number, you will not only have a genuine passion for elderly care, but you ll also understand the importance of the right things done well. What s in it for you? Free uniform Comprehensive induction and ongoing training and development Pension and life assurance scheme available Competitive staff benefits such as weekly offers and discounts About the Homes Elm Grove is a 60 bedded nursing home Situated on the outskirts of the historic Roman town of Cirencester, Elm Grove is a grand building and was once a private house. It s been carefully adapted to meet the needs of its residents and has recently undergone an extensive refurbishment programme. Elm Grove provides daily nursing, convalescence, palliative and residential dementia care. Residents are welcome on a short or longterm basis and Elm Grove provides an ideal location for a respite break. Ashley House is a 47 bedded purposebuilt nursing home has recently been refurbished and is located in the historic Roman town of Cirencester. Ashley House offers a high level of comfort and care within easy reach of local amenities and the beautiful grounds of Cirencester Abbey. Ashley House welcomes residents for short or long term stays. We offer excellent nursing care, convalescence, palliative care and respite. Ilsom House is a 38 bedded residential and nursing home that is set in ****acres of beautiful grounds, this attractive stonebuilt former farmhouse is located near the picturesque market town of Tetbury, in Gloucestershire. Ilsom House provides nursing, convalescence, palliative care and respite. It also offers care to a small number of younger physically disabled residents and to those who are terminally ill. Who we are Bupa Care Homes provides expert nursing, dementia, residential and specialist care to almost **** people in over **** UK homes. Our purpose is to help people live longer, healthier, happier lives. Passionate about making lives better, every decision we make is because we care. It s why we inspire and support our nurses to put our residents wellbeing at the heart of everything they do. Be the nurse you want to be. Tier **** Certificate of Sponsorship (formerly a Work Permit) Applications from job seekers who require Tier **** sponsorship to work in the UK are welcome and will be considered alongside all other applications. However, nonEEA candidates may not be appointed to a post if a suitably qualified, experienced and skilled EU/EEA candidate is available to take up the post. For further information on Certificates of Sponsorship please visit the UK Border Agency website. UK Registration Applicants must have current UK professional registration. For further information please see the NMC website .