Title: Charge Nurse RMN
Webindex: 67959426
Description: Appoint Group vacancy Job Title  RMN Charge Nurse Location  Derby Salary  up to **** Hours: 37.5 hours per week Contract type: Permanent Centrally situated in Derby City centre, a new and exciting opportunity has arisen for a suitably experienced and motivated, qualified and skilled RMN who wishes to be involved in caring for: Females with Borderline Personality Disorder in a Low Secure Setting. They must have the ability to manage a busy ward environment on an ongoing basis and be committed to providing the highest quality of care to patients, carers and purchasers of our service. They must have interpersonal skills of the highest order to liaise with numerous professionals. They must also be able to demonstrate the ability to work autonomously whilst ensuring the highest quality standards are achieved at the ward level. It will be their responsibility to ensure the agreed care pathway is implemented involving all members of the MDT. Extensive Previous experience with this service user group is essential. They must be committed to their own and staff development and to the mentoring of students of all disciplines. A detailed Induction package is mandatory and training needs as identified and agreed will be provided. Our client offers an excellent benefits package which includes contributory pension scheme, free life assurance, share incentive plan, annual bonus scheme, childcare vouchers, paid birthday and anniversary leave. Also, dependent upon experience and qualifications on top of the salary a achievable **** bonus is available per annum. Applicants must be qualified Mental Health nurse practitioners and must hold a valid PIN. All applicants should be eligible to live and work in the UK without restriction. Strong communication skills are vital to succeed in this role, together with the ability to be a good team player. Sound clinical knowledge and skills are also important. For more information regarding this vacancy, please contact Erin Banner on **** **** or send a copy of your CV to erin.bannerappointgroup.co.uk. Applications and enquiries are held in strict confidence.