Title: Live in Carers / Personal Assistants
Webindex: 70328092
Company: Active Assistance
Description: Paid travel to and from work; free food and accommodation when working and a flexible working pattern  does this sound good for you? A role as a Livein Personal Care Assistant (PA) with Active Assistance is a great way to gain valuable experience. As a Personal Assistant you will work one to one with our clients in their home assisting them with everyday tasks, enabling them to live an independent and active life. We have a team of Care Coordinators who find the best match for you and the client. We look for people who are enthusiastic, committed and have excellent communication skills. Assignments are flexible, vary from one to three weeks and duties may include getting the client in and out of bed, washing, dressing, cooking, cleaning, shopping, toileting and general household tasks. It may also be necessary to drive the client's car and accompany them to work, social events and appointments or even a holiday in the UK or abroad. There are also opportunities to get involved with specialist charities, have work placements in a spinal unit and progress to senior positions. Free five day residential training programme provided in Sevenoaks, Kent. All our PAs are required to attend and complete the award winning course. This covers all aspects of the role, including first aid, and fully prepares you for your first assignment. All candidates require full referencing and criminal record checks before going out to work. To be considered you must have a valid UK, EU or International driving licence, speak fluent English and be aged 21 or over. Working holiday visas accepted (Tier ****). Salary up to ****k, based on working 21 days a month To apply please visit www.activeassistance.com/candidates_home/ Call [blocked telephone] or email: [blocked email] Active Assistance is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of vulnerable adults and children. All applicants must be willing to undergo the appropriate screening, including checks with past employers and an Enhanced Disclosure via the Criminal Records Bureau.