Title: Healthcare Recruitment Manager Ealing
Webindex: 67313156
Description: Healthcare Recruitment Manager  Ealing Basic Circa **** (with the ability to earn **** OTE) Are you looking for your next challenge? Working in Recruitment but looking for a change of sector? The Ealing branch of Advantage Healthcare, one of the UK s leading healthcare staffing providers, is looking for a proactive Healthcare Recruitment Manager to join their established team. It is an exciting time to join an already established and successful team who supply nurses, carers and support workers in to a variety of healthcare settings. We are looking to recruit an experienced, passionate and ambitious individual to manage and grow an already established office. The successful candidate will lead and manage the branch driving business growth and delivering budgeted profit margins by motivating staff to exceed sales targets and KPI s. You will have first class communication skills, be passionate about delivering excellent customer service and have a real desire to move the business forward. You will have experience of running a profit and loss sheet, not be afraid of chasing new business and understand how to motivate and manage effective teams. The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate a proven track record in: Growing and developing a business. Managing and motivating a team. Building and maintaining effective client and customer relationships. Working within current legislation, corporate policies and procedures. Financial management. Advantage Healthcare offers a competitive basic salary along with a quarterly bonus scheme. This is a very lively, active role that will allow you to have a significant impact on the branch and business performance and be rewarded accordingly. Please apply online now attaching your current CV. We do try to respond personally to all applications, however if you have not heard from us within **** working days then please presume your application to be unsuccessful. Advantage Healthcare Group is an equal opportunities employer. Search Engine Keywords: Sales, Recruitment, Senior Recruitment Consultant, Account Manager, Sales Manager, Recruitment Manager, Branch Manager