Title: Clinical Nurse Advisor  Basingstoke
Webindex: 72490491
Company: Paediatric Nursing Jobs
Description: Job Title:&nbspClinical Nurse Advisor Location: Basingstoke Salary: &pound****  &pound**** per year Company: Paediatric Nursing Jobs&nbsp Our client is the leading European provider of clinical nutrition and infusion therapy offering a unique and comprehensive range of products and services for both hospital and home settings. Through innovation they are committed to becoming the preferred partner for saving, treating and caring for chronically and critically ill patients. This role will cover the South West region, predominantly the Basingstoke, Southampton, Bournemouth and Poole areas, with flexibility to cover other Southern regions occassionally as and when the business needs require. As a Clinical Nurse Advisor you will be responsible for providing clinical and training support to Parenteral/ IV homecare patients, their carers and NHS personnel who are involved in the provision of homecare. To manage a patient caseload, fulfilling all nursing requirements. To provide a connection and disconnection service to those patients unable to complete their administration of therapy independently. To identify patient and carers training needs and undertake appropriate and suitable training to ensure safe administration of therapy. To ensure patients receive professional, individual and appropriate nursing care. Working with an established nursing team, also providing predischarge assessments/home visits and installations for this patient group. Skills and experience required: RGN Qualified &nbspmultidisciplined nursing background. Some experience of Parenteral nutrition would be preferred. Teaching qualification beneficial. As would any previous commercial experience Equal Approach specialise in recruiting nurses and medical professionals and clinicians at all levels nationally for the commercial market. Equal Approach offers a variety of bespoke, national recruitment solutions to a portfolio of prestigious national clients. Please apply now