Title: Experienced RGN / RMN Required
Webindex: 69010788
Company: Prohealth Recruitment Ltd
Description: We are looking for experienced RGN / RMN s for vacancies we have with several of our prestigious Nursing Home establishments within Poole, Bournemouth and Corfe Castle area. Reporting to: Home Managers Job Purpose: You will be required to run the shift in the absence of the Management. To share in meeting the personal needs of residents in a way that respects the dignity of the individual and promotes independence. Administer medication to residents. Skills, Knowledge & Qualifications Required: Qualified RGN / Registered General Nurse, RMN / Registered Mental Nurse Work to a daily pattern Good communication and organisational skills Team player Ability to work on own initiative Genuine interest in working with the relevant resident group Satisfactory Police Check against the POVA/ISA Desired: Previous experience of working with the relevant resident group Flexible approach towards working routine Main Responsibilities: Working as part of a team to maintain good standards of care for the patients and a harmonious environment. Ensuring that general nursing care and special procedures and treatments are carried out. Maintenance of written individual care plans to meet the daily and nursing needs of the resident. Giving reports to and receiving reports from other nursing staff on day and night duty. Ordering and supervising patient meals and special diets. Checking and witnessing the administration of drugs and maintaining safe custody of drugs. Assisting medical staff and ascertaining treatments ordered and reporting to Home Manager or Home Director Establishing good rapport with patients and relatives. Imparting to subordinates, by example, a sense commitment to patient care. Liaising and cooperating with colleagues in Hospital and Community and with other disciplines. Keeping up to date with current nursing practice. Participating in the orientation and induction of new staff. Supporting nursing staff as appropriate. Attending courses as opportunity allows. Ensure all staff members know how to use appropriate equipment. Attend mandatory training day/courses, on or off site, as and when required. Maintain professional knowledge and competence. Report immediately to the Home Manager or person in charge any illness of an infectious nature or accident incurred by a client, colleague, self or another. Understand and ensure the implementation of the Homes Health & Safety Policy, and Emergency and Fire Procedures. Report to the Home Manager, or the maintenance department, any faulty appliances, damaged furniture equipment or any potential hazard. Promote safe working practice in the home. Ensure that all information of confidential nature gained in the course of your duty is not divulged to third parties. Notify the Home Manager, or the person in charge, as soon as possible of your inability to work, and also on your return to work from all periods of absence. Ensure the security of the Home is maintained at all times. Adhere to all Company policies and Procedures within the defined timescales. Ensure all equipment is clean and well maintained. Carry out any other tasks that may be reasonably assigned to you. We have several opportunities with immediate starts so to apply, or if you have any queries or questions, please contact us on (Apply online only) and ask to speak to Matthew