Title: Market Specialist  South West
Webindex: 69266155
Company: Guided Solutions Ltd
Description: Job Title: Market Specialist Location: South West Specialism: Orthopaedics Salary: Up to ****k plus bonus Our client is a world leader in the development, production and distribution of a wide range of cutting edge, reconstructive orthopaedic devices looking for a Market Specialist covering the South West region. This is one of the leading organisations within orthopaedic industry, they offer market leading products and are looking for an individual who can help build upon their already successful business. In this position you will be expected to build brand business plans for the launch of the company s new total knee system. You will also be responsible for providing support for the existing products, in being the first point of contact for product enquiries, as well as compiling data to support the full portfolio of products offered by the company. In order to be considered for this opportunity you will have orthopaedic experience, ideally within the knee implant market. In addition to great communications, presentation and strong leadership abilities, sales experience and/or Product management experience will take you a long way in this position. In return the company is offering a competitive package of up to ****k plus package. To apply for this position or discuss the opportunity please contact Darren at darrenguidedsolutions.co.uk or **** **** Guided Solutions Ltd. specialises exclusively in Medical Device, Pharmaceutical and Scientific recruitment. Current opportunities exist for Clinical Specialists, Nurse Advisors, Sales Representatives / Territory Managers, Regional Managers, National Sales Managers, Product Managers, Marketing Managers, Market Access / Healthcare Development Managers and varying Business Leaders / Directors. We have specialist recruiters in Medical Sales, Healthcare Sales, Medical Devices, Consumables, Capital Equipment, Surgical, Operating Theatre Equipment, Disposables, Sterile Services, Primary care, Secondary care, Hospitals, GP s, Community Care, Rehabilitation, Orthopaedics, Cardiac, Laparoscopic, Anaesthetics, Clinical, Pharmaceuticals, Urology, Gynaecology, Sutures, Monitoring, Paediatrics , Therapy and Wound Care.