Title: Asbestos Surveyor  Asbestos P****  West Midlands
Webindex: 69933242
Company: Future Select Recruitment
Description: A national asbestos company that offers a wide range of asbestos/environmental services to clients from all levels presently requires the services of an Asbestos Surveyor to work on housing contracts predominately in the West Midlands. The successful candidate must possess the P**** asbestos certificate and must have previous practical experience in asbestos surveying and within the asbestos sector. Responsibilities: Carrying out asbestos Management, Refurbishment/Demolition surveys on various properties  commercial and industrial. Producing comprehensive asbestos reports as and when required. Liaising with the company s portfolio of clients on a regular basis. In general, you will be an allrounder, flexible, be conversant with the Health and Safety procedures in relation to asbestos, have good communication skills, both written and verbal and have the ability to work independently and as part of a team. This is a good opportunity to join a successful company that offers an attractive salary, depending on experience, company vehicle and along with other benefits. Future Select specialize in recruiting staff in the Asbestos Industry. We currently have over a **** clients that are looking for candidates that have from 3 months experience to people with over 20 years in the industry. We have vacancies for Assistant Asbestos Surveyors, Basic Asbestos Surveyor, Lead Asbestos Surveyors, Asbestos Analysts, Asbestos Project Managers, Asbestos Junior Consultants, Asbestos Senior Consultants, Asbestos Laboratory Technicians, Asbestos Removal Contracts Managers, to Asbestos Director level positions. Salaries ranging ****k.We are recruiting for Asbestos clients in all regions throughout the UK. We are inundated with applications, will endeavour to get back in touch, however if you have applied to Future Select and you have not heard from us after a week, on this occasion, you will not have been successful. Your details will be saved on our system and you will be contacted in the future if a vacancy matches your skills