Title: Public Health Programme Manager
Webindex: 72342226
Company: Morgan Law
Description: This exciting new role provides a great opportunity to apply a health promotion and social marketing skill set to help this global organisation UK employees to adopt healthy lifestyle choices. We are looking to recruit someone who is passionate about delivering effective, engaging, evidence based health promotion and health behaviour change programmes. The ideal candidate will be proficient in using a health and social science evidence base to develop and procure innovative interventions and will be experienced in rolling out, promoting and evaluating health promotion programmes. Working with multiple sets of stakeholders will be key to delivering programmes and so this role requires someone who is adept at networking, both internally and externally. They seek a high standard of performance, and understand that great ideas can help them deliver innovative health programmes. If you want to work as part of a UK based team of creative and ambitious health professionals then you should consider this role. Responsibility for effective and efficient provision of health and wellness support to all their business organisations, in the countries of responsibility. Evaluate latest evidence in public health and social marketing and implement effective programmes accordingly Responsible for the effective planning, implementation and management of projects through to completion Manage internal and external stakeholder relationships to achieve substantial participation in the programme Design, devise and create programmes in the UK with regular, coordinated, fit for purpose, effective activities and promotions throughout the UK to increase engagement. Requirements: BA/BSc Graduate degree or equivalent in public health, health promotion, social marketing or a related field Several years experience in public health, health promotion, social marketing or related activities and programmes Must have broad knowledge within the fields of preventive health, wellness lifestyle. Must have Project management competency and delivery experience Strong written and oral communication skills Analytical skills dealing with data and implementing evaluations; identifying and reporting risk issues Resultsoriented individual Experience in the design and delivery of health promotion interventions suitable for workplace or community settings Experience of event organization Previous experience of rolling out programmes Demonstrable engagement capability, diplomacy, interpersonal and influencing skills at all levels and across cultures and geographies. Ability to work with a large number of multiple stakeholders in a complex organization Ability to deliver through and with others