Title: Nurse Team Leader RGN  (Bank)  Nights
Webindex: 66543185
Company: Anchor Trust
Description: Anchor is England’s largest nonforprofit provider of housing and care for elderly people, employing almost **** capable, caring and committed colleagues. Our insight and reputation is built on more than 40 years’ experience. During this time Anchor has grown to provide housing and care services to almost **** people each day and has over **** locations across England. Do you want to make a difference? Do you have a 'can do' attitude and want to join a customerfocused team? Are you looking for a varied and interesting career within a leading organisation? If so, we may have the right career for you, offering personal development and opportunities to progress. Location: Brocklehurst, **** Cavendish Road, Withington, Greater Manchester, M20 1JG Contracted Hours: As and When Required Nurse Team Leader Rep orting into the Care Manager , r esponsibilities will include :  Assessing, planning, implementing, evaluating and reviewing care.  Shift management and delivery of rotas, performance of the care teams and embedding Anchor’s culture and behaviours .  Dispensing of medication, ensuring procedures are being followed.  D eliver ing a quality service in line with CQC essential standards, improving the quality of customer’s live s. R equired knowledge experience :   R egistered N urse qualified with knowledge of NMC code of conduct and experience of delivering “hands on” nursing care to older people.  People manage ment experience within a customer focused environment.  Health s afety legislation along with the knowledge of safeguarding of vulnerable adults (local/ national policies) and the mental capacity act. Required skills :   Commitment and passion to provide high quality care .  Well organis ed with the a b ility to negotiate and influence .  Flexible, reliable and able to adapt and work under pressure.  Computer and technology literate.  Able to work as part of a team and individually. Enhanced CRB check required. Closing Date: 31st January 2013 Generous benefits including contributory pension scheme, optional 25% discounted private health cover, Life Assurance, discounted retail and child care vouchers and the ability to buy and sell annual leave entitlement