Title: Network ScientistWater Quality TestingSurrey****k****k
Webindex: 71557152
Company: Cranleigh Scientific
Description: Network Scientist  Water Quality Testing  Network Operations  Permanent  Surrey  ****k  ****k  Excellent Company Benefits Role Network Scientist Do you have a water industry background? Are you looking to move away from the lab and focus on a more customer facing role? Overview Undertake the development and implementation of the Company s Distribution Operation and Maintenance Strategy, to ensure consistent or improving water quality to the customers is provided. Main responsibilities Design, implement and report on focused downstream sampling routes for investigation of water quality problems in the distribution system, Design and plan sequential flushing programmes and collation of flushing data; Deployment and management of water quality probes as part of investigations and interpret and report results; Assist in undertaking water quality audits; Liaise with the Operations Department on distribution system operation; Assist with nonroutine customer water quality complaints of a technical nature; Monitor water quality related customer complaints; Monitor water quality service indicators for the distribution system and supply chain; To provide standby cover for emergencies and out of hours scientific service to the Water Company; (Duty Scientist). Reliability: The post holder is also expected to have a good working knowledge of the operation of treatment works and water networks, to categorise and assess potential hazards. The incumbent is expected to achieve deadlines and service level agreements with solid and sustained work outputs. Flexible Good knowledge of water supply, storage and treatment, with particular interest in network operations. An understanding of water regulations and water hygiene. Strong IT skills as well as good communication skills, good customer manner and attention to detail. Scientist with a degree in a relevant science. Good knowledge of water chemistry/biology and water quality issues. Clean driving license