Title: Nurse Manager  Bowel Colorectal
Webindex: 71713100
Company: Chemistree Solutions Limited
Description: Therapy Area: Bowel, Colorectal Package: Negotiable basic salary between **** car, pension scheme, private health, bonus, daily allowance Location : Southern England, London, South East, South West, Wales Our client is the leading supplier of Stoma Care and Wound Care products and services within the UK and Ireland. This is a great opportunity to join a leading medical devices company as a Nurse Manager. In this position you will be responsible for leading a team of Nurse Advisors . This successful and established Nurse Team are responsible for promoting and growing product as well as providing education and training to healthcare professionals in the bowel/colorectal market. As a key leadership role the position of Nurse Manager requires excellent commercial, analytical, planning and communication skills. Ideal candidates will be experienced managers with a good understanding of the NHS issues facing primary and secondary care and how they in turn can influence the local business opportunity. In addition you will have a proven track record as a coach with the ability to motivate a team in line with their personal development plans. The role is accompanied with an excellent package which includes a negotiable basic salary based on experience, pension, healthcare, bonus scheme and company car scheme. The person/experience: ssential: Nurse Management experience in a business and commercial setting, nursing/clinical qualification Preferred: Experience of working in a healthcare sales environment, ideally selling / training nurses in both primary and acute care setting. Bowel/Colorectal/ Gastrointestinal background. Essential: Nursing qualification To Apply If you are suitable for this position please attach your CV. Alternatively call Nigel Crabtree on **** **** Chemistree Solutions Ltd is a pharmaceutical and healthcare recruitment specialist. Simplistically the aim of Chemistree is to gain access to the very best candidates and to specifically match their needs to the needs of the client. The primary focus of Chemistree is the challenge of sourcing great talent. We believe that successful recruitment lies at the heart of business success. Keywords Nurse Advisor, Nurse, RGN, Nurse Adviser, Nurse Manager, Innovative, Ambition, Successful, Leading, Focused, Forward Thinking, Enterprising, Teamwork