Title: Regulatory Operations  Senior Associate
Webindex: 70599034
Company: Accenture
Description: Having recently acquired Octagon Research Solutions, we are now currently seeking a Regulatory Operations – Senior Associate who is looking for a challenging career with Accenture  an employer that enables you to make a real difference. What's in it for you? Choose Accenture for a career, where the variety of opportunities and challenges allows you to make a difference every day. A place where you can develop your expertise working with the best people worldwide in a dynamic, teamfocused environment. The only place where you can use your skills to provide highquality, longterm services for our Global Fortune **** clients, helping them achieve high performance. If this is your idea of a typical working day, then Accenture is the place to be. We offer a variety of formal and informal training programs at every level to help you acquire and build specialised skills faster to help tailor your career plan. On top of this, we have an extensive benefits package which includes 25 days vacation per year, a gym subsidy, private medical insurance and **** extra days leave per year for charitable work of your choice. The Role Engaged in daily publishing activities including : bookmarking, hyper linking and quality control tasks on all submission components. May also manage the daily tasks associated with submission publishing activities , including managing personnel time and the project hours budgeted ; assigning publishing tasks , resolving document issues , and daily communication with the client. Delivers presentations , both to the client as well as internally at Octagon What we're looking for Experience in the pharmaceutical industry Experience in electronic submission document publishing and quality control and a basic u nd erstanding of eC TD . Knowledge of publishing software and tools Ability to work in a geographically spread team environment Supervisory skills Ability to work on numerous projects (multitask) MS Office skills Attention to details Please also note that Accenture is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of society and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Closing date for applications 25th February 2013. Accenture reserves the right to close the role prior to this date should a suitable applicant be found.