Title: RMN  West Midlands
Webindex: 68352962
Company: The Placement Group
Description: RMN – West Midlands Community mental health nurse Band 6 Salary ****k – ****k DOE Start ASAP The company are currently recruiting for a community RMN to work in the west midlands the towns of coverage include Shropshire, Stafford and Shrewsbury. The company provides rehabilitation in the individual’s home destination thus eliminating the stress of moving. Client users will be referred from a range of inpatient facilities, thus freeing beds in line with government targets. PCTs and Clinical Professionals trust the company to Provide Intensive Community Rehabilitation for patients being discharged from Psychiatric Hospitals into the community. The overall aim of the role is to achieve the highest possible standard of care in a professional manner, through providing direct nursing care to, including but not limited to, clients experiencing mental health problems, challenging behaviours and acquired brain injuries. Your duties will include – •Caring for patients with complex needs in their own home. •Building relationships with patients to encourage trust, while listening and interpreting their needs and concerns. •Working within a CPA framework. •Manage your time efficiently including diarising appointment and logistics of getting to and from your appointments •Ensure uptodate risk assessments and recovery plans are in place To qualify for this post you must meet the minimum criteria outlined – •You must be a qualified registered mental health nurse •Registered with NMC •Proven experience working in an inpatient and community setting •Experience working with challenging behaviours •Knowledge and ability to undertake the following assessments KGV,BPRS,HCR20,START,LUNSARS,MINI MENTAL STATE, HONOS,BECKS. •Have a full UK driving licence. •You must flexible to work on the oncall rota which normally occurs one week in every four. In return you will be offered a competitive salary, company car and fuel card, and standard company benefits. If you would like to apply for the role please send your latest cv to everton.browntpglc.com, for more info call **** **** ****