Title: Sales Manager (Medical)
Webindex: 71750492
Company: Parker Sourcing Ltd
Description: My Client, a market leader in their field are looking for a Territory Manager to work in North London covering Maternity. Scope of Appointment: Use a Key Account Management strategy to maintain and develop business with new and existing customers in order to ensure agreed sales targets are met. As necessary provide ward staff with training and support in using the full range of healthcare products. Principal Accountabilities:  Hold a minimum of two firm appointments per day with genuine decision makers, key influencers and/or information providers, in order to achieve agreed objectives.  Hold a minimum of at least **** quality calls per day, to progress towards a sale or further benefit to the Company.  Ensure that all customer visits have an objective and that they are preplanned with reference to previous enquiries received, call reports and agreed objectives.  Create and maintain plans of daily and weekly activities; showing all planned calls and appointments.  Create and maintain a three monthly plan using the Key Account Management information to focus activity by hospital/trust in accordance with Quarterly Rolling Forecast targets.  To seek out and report all relevant market information and trends, using Departmental reporting processes.  Acquire and maintain a thorough working knowledge of all the company s Infection Control s products and their applications.  Follow the defined **** steps of the company s Sales Process to introduce, manage and close all sales calls. Take appropriate action regarding all enquiries received and advised. New enquiries should be actioned within a maximum of 2 weeks from the date of receipt.  Ensure that the Call Management System and all other management systems are maintained and kept uptodate.  Ensure that Call Reports are transmitted to the office on a weekly basis where practicable.  Manage all product complaints to a satisfactory conclusion, informing and involving Quality Control and other relevant internal stakeholders as appropriate.  Effectively train nursing personnel at ward level.  Organise, set up and attend exhibitions and seminars at all levels in order to promote the Company and its products. All leads made at such events will be advised to the UK Business team for inclusion in the Enquiries Management database.  Organise and participate in visits to the Company premises by customers as necessary.  Commit to continued professional development through internal and external training and by discussion, reading and practice.  Ensure Company car and all Company property, including Marketing materials and samples, are maintained in a good condition and are available at all times.  Ensure that all Allowance and Expenses Claim Forms are completed with full VAT receipts attached, and submitted in a timely fashion. This is a summary of the key tasks and responsibilities of the Territory Manager and is not intended to be an exhaustive list. The job may change over time to reflect the changing needs of the organisation, as well as the personal development of the post holder. Experience, Qualifications and Skills:  Previous experience of working within NHS (desirable)  Proven track record in sales  Territory Planning experience  IT competence Personal Profile:  Motivated  Persistent  Resilient  Ability to work on own initiative  Good teamwork  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills at all levels  Commercial acumen  Pays attention to detail It is essential that candidates come from a medical/healthcare sales background and should show evidence of this upon application. This role is based in the North East and candidates should already reside from within the region