Title: Homelessness Support Workers  Barnsley
Webindex: 70645654
Company: SWIIS Healthcare
Description: Homelessness Support Workers SWIIS urgently requires homelessness support workers in South Yorkshire for short and longterm projects. You will have experience of working with homelessness service users, your role will be to contribute to the delivery of appropriate priorities within the Housing Strategy.To assist in the provision of a proactive homelessness prevention service, implementing early intervention measures and developing support networks for vulnerable clients. To contribute to the delivery of appropriate priorities within the Housing Strategy. Why SWIIS?SWIIS is a provider of quality services, led by people who have extensive knowledge of the health and social care industry and the needs of the different sectors within which we work. SWIIS offers all workers full continuous professional training, dedicated consultant and 24 hour oncall support, and flexible working opportunities to meet individual workers’ requirements within their skill sectors.Benefits ****  **** per hour (dependent on the project). Free CRB. [NOT SCOTLAND] Free mandatory and servicespecific training. Ongoing professional update maintenance. Excellent outofhours management support. Essential requirements At least **** year of recent experience in a relevant field. Understanding and knowledge of the issues faced by service users. Creative approach to empowering service users to achieve their goals. Commitment to the care and wellbeing of service users. Dedication to continued professional and personal development. Current PVG. [SCOTLAND ONLY] Desirable Car driver or a willingness to travel. Current enhanced CRB. [NOT SCOTLAND] Apply now If you have the skills, attitude and experience to be successful in this role, we want to hear from you today. Please submit an uptodate CV detailing a full employment and study history.SWIIS is an Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. SWIIS is an equal opportunities employer.Due to the volume of applicants, if you have not received a response from us within 14 days, please assume that you have not been successful in your application. Terms and conditions apply.