Title: Health Care Assistants Required in Richmond Upon Thames  Richmond
Webindex: 71608972
Company: Kare Plus Agencies Limited
Description: Kare Plus urgently requires a Carer/Support worker to assist Elderly service users You will be offered the prospect of working varied shifts, including night and weekend work. However, for the purpose of registration you will be expected to commit to a minimum of 3 shifts per week and be available at times for short notice work.Kare Plus currently has a range of client groups who offer both full and parttime flexible hours, with opportunities to become part of a regular rota.Why Kare Plus?Kare Plus is a provider of quality services, led by people who have extensive knowledge of the health and social care industry and the needs of the different sectors within which we work.Kare Plus offers all workers full continuous professional training, dedicated consultant and 24 hour oncall support, and flexible working opportunities to meet individual workers’ requirements within their skill sectors.Benefits **** per hour (subject to qualifications/experience). Free CRB. Free mandatory and servicespecific training. Ongoing professional update maintenance. Excellent outofhours management support.Essential requirements At least 6 MONTHS of recent experience in a relevant field. Understanding and knowledge of issues faced by service users. Creative approach to empowering service users to achieve their goals. Commitment to the care and wellbeing of service users. Dedication to continued professional and personal development.Desirable Current enhanced CRB Training in supporting service users with dementia.Apply nowIf you have the skills, attitude and experience to be successful in this role, we want to hear from you today. Please submit an uptodate CV detailing a full employment and study history to our recruitment team at kpkingstonkareplus.co.uk or ring us onTEL **** **** to discuss further.Candidates must have atleast 6months experienceCandidates must be authorised to work in the EEC.