Title: Sales Manager  Orthopaedic revision surgery
Webindex: 69689590
Company: Orrery Recruitment Ltd
Description: My client is a specialist niche player in Orthopaedics with some innovative technology. Now at the start of an exciting phase of growth necessitating a new Sales head / Sales Manager in the London / Essex / East Anglia to work in specialist revision surgery. A company with a winner s culture, niche and innovative technology. This company is small but has significant market traction because of their ability to deliver what the market needs. The package reflects your deep knowledge / contacts in major complex revision surgery of the hip / knee. You should see this role as a precursor to taking on and building your own team. This is a new focus, new innovative hardware with a truly unique value proposition. I need Orthopaedic excellence, a Revision expert, entrepreneurial, commercially exceptional. This is more than a Sales role; it s a role for a Sales Professional with holistic approach to winning business. A gifted and structured Sales professional who knows how to win business in the short and longterm. I need a strategic and tactical Account Manager, someone that can recognise and opportunity and action with pace, I need a professional who has a passion and gift for business control allowing them to forecast and plan their business accurately, succinctly and on demand. An individual with exceptional communication skills and highly engaging to win and hold down valuable business relationships. This market and company is not for the faint hearted, it needs great tenacity and personal strength. Drive, ambition with a 100% winning mentality is key. Successful individuals in this company enjoy a solid and attractive reward structure with flexible benefits and a structured personal growth program. This is a very open and transparent company with strong ethics and experienced leadership team.  Truly driven by results  Tenured and Experienced sales professionals with over 2 years success in Hip / Knee Revision Surgery  A deep understanding of the NHS now and in the future  Orthopaedic device background, revision based products would be ideal  An evidenced based over achiever a must  You must be able to demonstrate examples of going the extra mile, delivering excellence in customer care  Must be resilient, with superb relationship building skills and the ability to form relationships at speed  Exceptional at communicating at every level, under pressure and in a competitive market  Must love the game of sales, be a winner and wholly sincere.