Title: Homecare Nurse IV Therapies Guildford
Webindex: 71675964
Company: Bupa BHH
Description: Passionate about making lives better, Bupa is dedicated to clinical excellence – inspiring and supporting our nurses to put people at the heart of everything they do. That’s because with no shareholders to answer to, we’re free to concentrate on the needs of our patients. And so are you. Join us and you will be well looked after too, with a great range of benefits and professional development to help you build the kind of nursing career you’ve always wanted. What we expect from you You are a Registered Nurse with an ENB998 or City and Guilds **** qualification and valid NMC PIN Number. You care about clinical excellence. You believe in the importance of the right things, done well. And you will thrive in a dynamic, fast paced environment. About the role The impact you will have on patients lives will go far beyond care – giving them independence, choice and privacy. You will get to know them, and their families, enabling you to follow personal care plans that really are as unique as every individual. You will provide support, advice and coaching to team members to ensure the delivery of high quality care. You will take the lead in delivering medication and maintain high quality care documentation. Every day will be different, but you will make decisions, deliver care plans work with other healthcare professionals including PCT’s and other Commissioners of services. Commercially astute and with good management skills you will also be confident in reporting all activity, risks and issues to your line manager.You will be able to demonstrate your experience in the administration of IV antibiotics, TPN and of managing patients with central lines. You will cover the Guildford and wider Surrey area and surrounding counties so must be flexible to travel. You will have an acute ward or community nursing background, a current NMC registration and hold a full EU driving licence. About Bupa Home Healthcare With ever increasing demands on NHS resources, home healthcare is becoming an important alternative.Bupa Home Healthcare provides everything you need in professional care and expert management.We help you maintain the highest standards of patient service whilst achieving those vital performance targets.We will constantly develop your skills, provide supervised practice and a career path that will help you progress your career further.We can also help you gain recognised qualifications.The role carries an attractive salary and benefits package. Be the Nurse you want to be This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HomecareNurseIVTherapiesGuildford_job****