Title: BexhillonSea  Registered Nurses
Webindex: 68498070
Company: Bupa Care Homes
Description: We are recruiting Registered Nurses for our Bupa Care Homes in BexhillonSea. About the role You will be responsible for maintaining the highest standards of care and clinical excellence Leading a team, you will develop, implement and evaluate individualised care plans, ensuring the physical, emotional and social needs of our residents are met Other key duties will include delivering hands on nursing, safe administration of drugs, maintaining accurate records, complying to policies, procedures and guidelines of the company and governing bodies Working alongside a multidisciplinary team, you will really get to know our residents and their families, promoting independence, choice, dignity and respect You will motivate and mentor your team, delivering teaching sessions and guiding the professional development of your junior colleagues. Who we re looking for As a Level 1 Registered Nurse or Registered Mental Nurse with a valid NMC PIN Number, you will not only have a genuine passion for elderly care and dementia, but you ll also understand the importance of the right things done well. What s in it for you? Free uniform Comprehensive induction and ongoing training and development Pension and life assurance scheme available Competitive staff benefits such as weekly offers and discounts About our Homes Grosvenor Park is a **** bedded bright, spacious, welldesigned home enjoys a prime seafront location in the picturesque town of BexhillonSea. A range of care is available to suit individual requirements, from residential and nursing care, shortterm convalescence and respite to palliative care and specialist support for those with Parkinson's disease. Ancaster Court is a 51 bedded nursing home nestling between the bustling resorts of Eastbourne and Hastings, Ancaster Court is situated in the seaside town of Bexhill. Set in a peaceful residential street, the home was formerly a Victorian private house that has been sympathetically converted. At Ancaster Court, residents are welcomed for long or shortterm stays. We provide high quality nursing care, nursing dementia care, convalescence, palliative care and respite. Our skilled and highlytrained staff are supportive, caring and dedicated to the needs of each of our residents. Who we are Bupa Care Homes provides expert nursing, dementia, residential and specialist care to almost **** people in over **** UK homes. Our purpose is to help people live longer, healthier, happier lives. Passionate about making lives better, every decision we make is because we care. It s why we inspire and support our nurses to put our residents wellbeing at the heart of everything they do. Be the nurse you want to be.