Title: Branch Manager / Domiciliary Care Manager  Lincoln
Webindex: 71094811
Company: Coburg Banks
Description: Job Title: Domiciliary Care / Branch Manager Location: Lincolnshire – Initially based in Peterborough Salary: OTE circa **** The Role As Domiciliary Care Manager you will be the registered manager of a recently established domiciliary care Service initially based in Peterborough, providing care to a range of service users in the local area. The Domiciliary Care Manager will be responsible for developing and delivering high quality care services within their designated area. Key aspects of the Domiciliary Care Manager position are to identify and secure new business, develop partnerships and maintain effective relationships and to ensure that all services are provided in line with contractual and regulatory requirements. The Candidate The Domiciliary Care Manager will ideally have a good working knowledge of Domiciliary Care in the Lincolnshire area. You will possess an NVQ Level 4, RMA, QCF level 5 or equivalent qualification, be computer literate and able to work as part of a team. However more importantly, as Domiciliary Care Manager, you’ll need to be able to work under your own initiative, be selfmotivated with outstanding communication and organization skills that will be essential to your effectiveness in driving the business forward. You must hold a UK driving licence and have your own transport. The Company My client offers a range or care and support services nationwide, which include Home care for the elderly and people who require support at home due to illness or disability, supported Living and outreach services for people with Learning Disabilities, complex needs and associated challenging behaviors and Day Care services for people with Learning Disabilities, physical disabilities or Mental Health needs. The Package My clients are offering a competitive salary of **** plus performance related bonuses, along with excellent career opportunities together with ongoing training and support. My client has also stated that there will be opportunities to undertake your Level 5 Diploma in Health and Social Care if you do not already have your RMA or similar qualification.