Title: Area ManagerEssex  Chelmsford
Webindex: 68309651
Company: Populus Healthcare
Description: Area Manager Required, Essex, circa ****kArea Manager required to join major elderly care home provider to oversee the management of **** homes across Essex. You will oversee the management of homes delivering care to elderly frail users and dementia sufferers in residential homes. Candidates must have a very good background in elderly care home management. Candidates with some multi site management experience will be preferred but candidates looking to take a step up from a Home Manager job will be accepted. Applicants will be accepted from both nursing home and residential home backgrounds. You do not need a nursing qualification for this role; however, applicants with an RN qualification will be preferred. You will be a focal point for Managers with regards to all issues relating to care provision, health issues and business matters. You will play a key part in the continued provision of excellent care and the on going success of care homes. You must be fully aware of CQC standards in addition to displaying excellent business skills. You should have home development skills and exhibit a commercial focus when overseeing care homes. Successful candidates will display knowledge of budget management, business planning and service development. Candidates should have played a key role in the development of corporate initiatives and policy development. Candidates do not require a nursing qualification but all candidates must display strong knowledge of all facets elderly care and possess a strong desire to provide the best possible care throughout all homes in their designated area.This is a superb opportunity to join one of the most highly regarded home providers in the UK. They are renowned for delivering excellent care and operate first class homes. In return for your hard work and commitment my client is offered a competitive starting salary of circa ****k, plus company car and pension scheme. Candidates should apply by forwarding CV immediately to n.finniganpopulusconsultants.com to avoid missing out on this excellent opportunity.