Title: Support Worker  Learning Disability
Webindex: 71335268
Company: Next Steps Community Care Limited
Description: Next Steps Community Care JOB DESCRIPTION JOB TITLE: Support Worker REPORTS TO: Registered Manager RESPONSIBLE FOR: Self BASED AT: Various Projects UPDATED: May **** _____________________________________ PURPOSE OF THE POST To work with the Manager and the staff team to ensure that:  the aims and objectives of the company, and service users are met, and  that the operational and management policies are followed exactly. MAIN DUTIES  To enable service users to improve their skills and independence whilst living in a supportive environment.  To ensure the delivery of a quality service for all service users .  To work as part of an integrated and professional care and support team under the leadership of the Manager. SPECIFIC ROLES Support Planning  To operate within Next Steps system of Support Planning and Key working .  To work with the staff team contributing to all service users Support Plans ensuring that service users are involved throughout the process. Support Services  To work alongside service users in the preparation of meals, cleaning, shopping and other household activities; supporting the service users to take responsibility for as many of the tasks as possible for themselves whilst giving guidance as needed.  To enable the service users to be part of community life by using the facilities and services in the area.  To support Service users to achieve their life goals, using their person centred Plans Administration  To contribute to good office systems at the house.  To ensure that all documentation relating to Support Planning is carried out at all times.  To help maintain records relating to the daily management of the home for example, Communication Book, Menu Plans, Appointments Diary and Health Safety .  To operate within the procedures for Petty Cash and service users cash and valuables.  To follow all other administrative procedures as directed by Next Steps . Maintenance/Health Safety  To promote awareness of personal safety, house security, fire safety and general health and safety issues amongst service users .  In the course of routine duties, to report m aintenance and repair issues’ and to organise access for contractors as necessary.  To be aware of health and safety issues in the house; and be familiar with the fire drill, fire alarm and fire fighting equipment. Liaison  Und er the guidance of the Manager, to work with service users to ensure that full DSS benefits are being claimed relating to personal allowances and residential costs.  To liaise with relevant external agencies in relation to the resident’s Support Plans .  Where advised by the Manager, to represent Next Steps at external meetings and events.  Attend Team meetings and other meetings as required. Equal Opportunities  To work within the equal opportunities and diversity framework. General  To observe the highest possible standards in relation to confidentiality and the provisions of Data Protection legislation.  To act as an ambassador for Next Steps .  To work within the framework of Next Steps Customer Care Policy.  To undertake any other duties as are reasonably requested from time to time. This is not an exhaustive list of the duties that may be required of the post holder. Duties may be changed, after discussion, to suit the operational requirements of Next Steps, and of its service users Next Steps PERSON SPECIFICATION CARE SUPPORT WORKER Please read the Persons Specification carefully. Candidates will be expected to demonstrate that they fulfil the criteria for selection in order to be short listed . Wherever possible, please provide examples of your experience, skills etc. which may be gained from employment, voluntary work or personal experience rather than just making a statement that you possess a certain quality or skill. CRITERIA ESSENTIAL DESIRABLE Education/Qualification NVQ level 2 Health Social Care or willingness to obtain   Experience Experience of working in the care sector. (Minimum 6 months experience or personal experience )  Experience of working in a team successfully, and an understanding of what makes a team work well.  Experience of empowering the users of health or support services  Experience of Support Planning and key working  Ability Skills An ability to manage basic finance systems, for example petty cash  An ability to maintain basic administrative and record keeping systems  ESSENTIAL DESIRABLE An ability to be able to present information and to communicate well  An ability to enable service users to develop skills by being able to support and guide on a one to one basis  Ability to work with minimal supervision  Knowledge Knowledge of the Care Standards Act ****  Aptitude /Awareness An awareness of equal opportunities and a commitment to the effective implementation of equality of opportunity  A commitment to enabling service users to develop their skills, working alongside service users .  Attitude Able to form and maintain good working relationships at all levels both internally and externally.  Pragmatic and positive approach to problem solving and committed to taking practical, responsive initiatives.  Able to show an understand ing of and commitment to service user choice and control  Able to show an understanding of and commitment to equal opportunities diversity  Able to show an understanding of and commitment to customer care, advocacy  Ability to undertake even ing and weekend shifts  Self motivated, with high energy and enthusiasm with a commitment to the best interests of the client group  Car driver 