Title: Adult Nurse  RGN  Nottinghamshire  West Bridgford
Webindex: 68564052
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Job descriptionOur Adult nurse will be delivering client specific care to patients with complex care needs within a home setting. The RGN will be responsible for daytoday care and supporting the patient's family and the healthcare assistants within the package so experience working with lone working a team setting is essential.Job requirements . The Adult nurse will assist with the assessment of nursing care needs . Planning, delivering and implementing the agreed plan of care. Maintain accurate records and discuss updating care plans as necessary. Support and supervise healthcare assistants to maintain a high standard of careNecessary skills . You must be a Adult nurse (RGN) with a minimum of 6 months UK based health care experience within the last three. . Current NMC registration. Whilst previous community experience is not essential the Adult nurse must be confident as a lone worker. Applicants should be friendly, an excellent communicator and selfmotivated with a keen interest in community based nursingDesirable skills. Full UK driving licence and assess to a vehicle for work purposesAdult nurses can work around existing commitments or take the exciting step of fulltime agency work.This is a nursing role with a difference. An opportunity for nurses to focus on providing excellent care and attend to the needs of a patient and their family, developing relationships and providing stability to their care provision.Benefits . Thornbury Community Services provides **** hr on call support from a registered nurse. Highly competitive pay rates and travel allowance of ****p per mile. We will also reimburse up to **** (per trip) if you use public transport. Bonus and incentive schemes available. Option to join stakeholder pension scheme. Holiday pay paid on every shift. Easily accessible mandatory training updates. Regular team meetings to ensure you are uptodate with changes within the packageThornbury Community Services is a leading independent provider of nursing care in a community setting. If you are looking for an extremely rewarding role join us and help transform the life of a family.Thornbury Community Services currently have a wide variety of opportunities available so please feel free to contact us regarding this or any of our exiting opportunities on N/A or email us at communityrecruitment N/A .