Title: Staff Nurse  Leeds
Webindex: 70008033
Company: Cardea Resourcing
Description: We are currently recruiting for a home that currently caters for a wide verity of users ranging from care of the Elderly to Mental Health. Salary **** phr Duties and Responsibilities Report any ill health amongst Clients and make requests for GP / Professional visits where necessary. Assess all aspects of Clients’ care needs, and provide health supervision and direct Nursing Care when required. Maintain accurate records and ensure that each Client within the Care Centre has an individualized are Plan. Client Care Plans to be reviewed on a biannual basis, or more frequently as and when required, in accordance with NMC guidelines & Company policy. Administer prescribed medicines and document the same in accordance with the Company’s procedure and NMC guidelines. To achieve the highest possible standard of care in a professional manner through direct nursing care and effective supervision of Staff Members. To take management responsibility for a shift as directed. Candidates must have up to date knowledge and clinical skills (catheters, PEG, wound care, end of life care etc). Candidates will have evidence of own professional development Participate in Staff and Client meetings as and when required. Establish and maintain good communication with Clients, Relatives and with the multidisciplinary team. Provide administrative support when required.Required to be a registered Nurse Level 2. Preferred candidates will have at least one years experience and in a care home setting. Candidates must have excellent written and communication skills both written and verbal. If you require more information please do not hesitate to contact Thom Marley on **** **** **** or alternatively send us an up to date CV. ADVERT DISCLAIMERThis vacancy is based in the united kingdom. Cardea Resourcing only operates in the UK and can only process applications from candidates who are currently a resident and eligible to work in the UK.Whilst we will endeavor to contact you following your response due to the high volume of applications this cannot always be possible. If you have not had notification in 7 days unfortunately your application has not been successful but we will keep your details for future opportunities.