Title: Doctor : SpR Gen Med Care of Elderly, work permit given
Webindex: 69974155
Description: This is a post in a medium sized hospital in England where the department is committed to caring for elderly patients. The consultants and the rest of the team aim to create a centre of excellence in the treatment of elderly and infirm patients. We welcome experienced doctors with experience in caring for elderly patients or doctors who have experience caring for patients who have suffered a stroke. The team members are very friendly and kind and the hospital is looking for several doctors to join them in their department. For non EU candidates, the hospital will organise a work permit. DUTIES OF THE POST Clinical: The TG Registrar will be responsible, together with the SpR for the management of patients admitted to the ward. He/she will be expected to attend Consultant ward rounds, case conferences and outpatient clinics and to perform personal ward rounds on the acute patients. The Trust Grade Registrar is responsible for the medical management of the inpatients & those in MAU/CDU throughout the on call shift. The Trust Grade Registrar on a monthly rotation will act as senior cover supervising and assisting the ST/FY****providing cover to the patients in Isolation Ward. Administration Duties: Involvement with arrangements for inpatient discharge summaries, outpatient letters etc and the management of other junior staff on the team. ROTA The TG Registrar will take part in the ****:**** full shift Middle Grade rota which mirrors that of the SpRs and others who will be required to work alongside and double up on this rota. When oncall the Trust Grade Registrar/SpR will be responsible for the coordination of the activities of the entire resident medical team and for the distribution of duties between the members of that team to cover all duties of the emergency MAU team and cover of existing inpatients. RECOMMENDED OFFDUTY AND COVER ARRANGEMENTS In accordance with the terms and conditions of service of the Hospital Medical and Dental Staff (England and Wales) and as recommended in Health Circular DS ****/**** the Clinical Fellow will: 1. be expected in the normal run of his/her duties and within his/her contract and job description, to cover for the occasional brief absence of colleagues as far as practicable. 2. for those contracts which include prospective cover, be expected to provide on call cover for the annual leave and study leave of colleagues, providing always that the resulting increase in duties is reasonable in the circumstances. **** be expected to perform duties in occasional emergencies and unforeseen circumstances without additional remuneration. The junior doctor accepts that he/she will perform duties under these provisions, at the request of the appropriate Consultant, in conjunction, where practicable, with his/her colleagues, both senior and junior. Although it has been agreed between the professions and the Department that they will perform such duties, the Secretary of State does stress that additional commitments arising under this subsection are exceptional and in particular, that juniors should not be required to undertake work of this kind for prolonged periods or on a regular basis. During the absence of colleagues, any doctor maybe approached and asked to undertake some out of hours duties, for which extra payment will be made. Claim forms relating to payment for this work, outside normal working hours, are available from the Medical Staffing Coordinator. ACLS COURSE The TG Registrar is a member of the “crash team” when oncall and therefore must attend an ACLS course held in a hospital as soon as possible after starting, unless he/she recently attended such a course. ANNUAL LEAVE Leave must be planned in advance in line with the Department policy. The TG Registrar shall be entitled to Annual Leave at the rate of 27 days in a 12 month period. Note: Because prospective colleague cover is provided it is necessary for the team to discuss together, at the beginning of their appointment, their plans for holidays so that these can be arranged at a time when cover can be provided. STUDY AND TRAINING There is a recently built and extended Education Centre with a large lecture hall, seminar rooms and a well stocked library with audiovisual facilities. There is a full time Librarian and also an Education Centre Manager. The Librarian is able to obtain on loan, books and journals not available in the library. Lectures on all topics are held regularly. Study leave may be available in line with Trust policy. Although this post is not recognised for training by the Postgraduate Deanery, we a commitment has been made to offer and support training and you will be assigned your own Educational Supervisor. The post is classed as voluntary resident. Single accommodation is normally available and married accommodation may be available – all at full rental charge. Minimum requirements: Full GMC registration with a valid licence to practice