Title: Scientific Affairs Manager, Immunodiagnostics
Webindex: 71233352
Company: Helix Recruitment Ltd
Description: Company: a leader in clinical immunology Location: West Midlands, Birmingham Type: Permanent Division: SCIENTIFIC Reference: RD**** Salary: c. ****K plus benefits This UK company has been a leader in clinical immunology for many years and are now advancing the clinical diagnosis of Multiple Myelomas and Bcell dyscrasias with automated clinical analysers and reagents. As Lead Scientific Affairs Manager, you will have overall responsibility for scientific affairs relating to these cancer diagnostics, and manage a small team of personnel. Your primary role will be to promote companywide understanding of Bcell diseases and other clinical manifestations which are of interest to the company; be the company s recognised clinical expert in these assays and disease states; and to represent the Company at scientific seminars/conferences. You will have overall management of clinical studies; will participate in R D on related projects; and will oversee scientific publications and specialist communications. You must have a solid background in clinical immunology or clinical biochemistry, with a very good understanding of cancer pathology and diagnosis gained from working in a clinical diagnostics lab. A Medical and/or PhD qualification will be expected as a minimum. You should be well versed in managing scientific publications, budgetary management, and have man management skills. The role is based from the company s offices in the West Midlands and a salary to c****K base is on offer. You will be expected to travel internationally as required. KEY WORDS: scientific affairs manager, immunodiagnostics, west midlands, birmingham, clinical immunology, myelomas, bcell dyscrasias, cancer diagnostics, bcell diseases, seminars, publications, specialist communications, pathology, phd, medical qualification, MBCHB, MRCPath, MBBS, helix recruitment, medical affairs jobs, scientific affairs jobs