Title: Activities Coordinator Childrens Services
Webindex: 60685247
Description: The Organization: CareTech Community Services is a national provider of support for people with complex and challenging behaviors associated with autism, learning disabilities, mental health illness and neurological conditions. We support people to live as independently as possible within their own homes and also in residential care. The main aim is to improve the intellectual, physical and overall health of the children in your care. The role will require you to work flexible working hours and within the care hour’s establishment of the home. There will be allocated time slots to complete written work including risk assessments, reports, activity plans etc. As this will be a senior position, the successful candidate will be expected to undertake routine shift leading and other senior staff duties. Duties to include: •Undertake life skills assessments. Organize and coordinate activities for active daily living. •Organize an activities programme that will maintain interest and progression over a period of time and with regard to changing support needs and interests. This will include educational opportunities, sports, leisure, life skills, holidays, employment training etc. sourced from available opportunities. •To support residents to access benefits and fill in forms, attend interviews etc. •Identify the needs of the collective group and individuals and tailor the activities to suit them. Keep under review. •Develop programmes which include a range of inhouse activities for individual residents or collectives. •Encourage involvement within the local and wider community. •You will need to be a committed, patient and caring person with a sense of humor and a positive outlook on life. •You will also need to be highly motivated and have excellent communicate skills to deliver your activity programmes to a range of people, present your ideas to staff and other stakeholders, liaise with other agencies etc. •You will need to be able to work well in a team and liaise with other staff, volunteers and residents (and families/others where appropriate), purchasers etc. Due to the nature of the position, successful candidates will be over **** and required to complete an enhanced CRB disclosure prior to commencement of employment, the disclosure expense will be met by the employer.