Title: RGN Home Manager Norfolk
Webindex: 61445877
Description: RGN NURSING HOME MANAGER  Elderly & Dementia Care  Norfolk ****k Package Eclypse recruitment are actively looking for an experienced Registered General Nurse RGN home manager with experience for an impressive large registered Elderly Nursing Home based near the Thetford area of Norfolk. The home specialises in providing the highest levels of nursing care and support to the elderly and those suffering from Dementia  This home is commutable from Thetford, Bury St Edmonds, Norwich, Swaffham & Downham Market. The preferred candidate for this fantastic opportunity will be: RGN qualified Registered Managers Award 3 years previous Nursing Home Management Experience A detailed knowledge of the statutory requirements associated with care for the elderly is essential. You should also be able to demonstrate a sound understanding of the key business activities associated with a nursing home. You be expected to undertake budget management and market the home accordingly to maintain full capacity, if and when necessary, implementing marketing plans and have an understanding of the importance of public relations within the local community. Take overall responsibility of the home ensuring high standards and procedures are met. Ensure that the service users are treated with dignity and respect at all times and provided with the highest quality of care. This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced Home Manager to join a 1st class organisation in Norfolk. A very attractive salary package of up to **** with performance related bonus is available, along with other additional benefits amounting to an unmissable opportunity If you are an experienced RGN Home Manager in Norfolk looking for your next move this home could provide the perfect opportunity for you. Owned by an excellent provider we are keen to recruit an excellent home manager for this elderly nursing home in Norfolk. Please contact Becky at Eclypse Recruitment for more information. Keyword: Nursing Home Manager, Norfolk