Title: Allied Health Care Professional : Part Time Optometrist Jobs in Minehead
Webindex: 70229117
Description: Flame Health Optometry  Optometrist Jobs in Minehead Flame Health's Optometry division are recruiting for an ambitious and selfmotivated Optometrist on a part time basis who is being sought in the Minehead area to join one of the leading optical groups, which has a proven track record in developing and providing excellent career paths for individuals through their recognised training and development channels. The practice is complemented by a large and supportive team, which includes other resident Optometrists. The team will assist you in your optometric duties; they will complete the field screening and pressures of each patient for you. Within your consulting room you will discover the state of the art equipment and an airconditioned environment ensuring that you are as comfortable as possible. As an Optometrist you will be responsible for thorough eye examinations, contact lens assessments and aftercares and assisting colleagues when necessary to ensure the practice operates smoothly. You will ideally have a testing time of **** minutes; however **** minutes will be acceptable for any newly qualified candidates. You need to be clinically sensitive to the needs of the patient, yet understand the commercial requirements of the business. You will able to demonstrate your commercial understanding by making suitable recommendations in accordance to the patients' prescription within the consulting room, then relaying this information to the Dispensing Optician at the handover stage. It is vitally important that you have a flexible working attitude ensuring that the patient is always put first. In return you will receive a very competitive salary package, which has an additional location supplement. The group also runs a comprehensive benefits package, including pension and health schemes. For more information please apply for this position alternatively contact Flame Health on **** **** ****