Title: Sister Paediatric Ward
Webindex: 68560752
Company: Bupa Cromwell Hospital
Description: To assist the Lead Nurse in the effective operational management of the department, the organisation and deliver high quality nursing care from admission to discharge and provide clinical leadership to the nursing team. Responsible for: CLINICAL FACILITATOR The role of the Clinical Facilitator involves planning, implementation and facilitation of staff development and education, coordinating innovative and high quality training and education for all members of staff, induction of new staff and students, and promoting research based high quality care. OPERATIONAL DELIVERY  Maintain professional nursing standards in accordance with the NMC Code of Professional Conduct.  Assist the Lead Nurse with operational requirements in the delivery of a consistent, safe service in all aspects of the patient journey whilst instilling a culture of customer service throughout the nursing team.  Act as clinical resource and expert in assisting the lead Nurse in the commissioning of new services.  To manage nurses and nursing services by organising the duty rota and patient allocation according to dependency/acuity model, anticipating requirements when clinical activity increases/decreases, assisting in forward planning of absences and the effective use of temporary staff ensuring correct grade and skill mix are in place to deliver care.  To provide consistent, clear, clinical and professional leadership and act as a mentor for all staff demonstrating professional awareness and accountability in care. Requirements:  First level registration.  Teaching/assessing qualification.  Advanced life support.  Appropriate experience in a Senior Staff Nurse role.  Evidence of continuous professional development.  Experienced in resource management.  Experience of delivering, monitoring and evaluating training programmes with clinical staff. Some of the Benefits of joining Bupa Cromwell Hospital Gym Membership Childcare Vouchers Staff Restaurant Dry Cleaning Discount Eye Sight Testing Employee Referral Scheme