Title: Lead Nurse  Independent Hospital  Manchester
Webindex: 71615015
Company: Just Nursing
Description: Vacancy: Lead Nurse (Band 7) Sector: Independent HospitalLocation: Greater ManchesterHours: Full time, permanentSalary: Depending on experienceShifts: Days, occasional night shiftsClient Information:Our client is a world leader within healthcare services, offering a variety of procedures throughout their clinics, dental clinics, private hospitals and cosmetics centres in the UK. They pride themselves on providing their patients with state of the art facilities and most importantly first class patient care. Role:As a Lead Nurse you will report into the Executive Director, managing a small team of Nurses, liaising closely with other departments. This is an exciting opportunity to be part of a leading, innovative healthcare organisation.You will be Registered General Nurse, Part **** of the NMC Register, with several years experience in acute care setting. Experience of day case surgery setting would be an advantage as will a teaching qualification or equivalent.Previous experience in the private sector would be an advantage but is not essential Job Summery: Provide operational management of all clinical areas and be easily identifiable, visible and accessible to all customers. Maintain managerial accountability and ensure staff have the authority and support they need to improve patient care and resolve clinical issues. Ensure controls are in place so that resources are used effectively to deliver an excellent nursing service throughout. Participate in the development of organisational strategy working as a senior member of the management team. Ensure all role related Targets for Achievement identified within the Strategy for Nursing are met. Ensure that policies are adhered to by all staff, with regard to ordering, administration and custody of drugs, in accordance with NMC (****) ‘Standards for the Administration of Medicines’. Develop an environment that supports effective multi professional teamwork Establish and maintain credibility with clinicians. Provide an exemplary role model for others, exhibiting high standards of professional behaviour and dress. Ensure that nursing care is monitored and clinical standards are met though audit. Provide clinical expertise within nursing teams. Participate in the on call rota for professional advice and support for patients. Develop the nursing workforce including recruitment and selection, annual leave, sickness and absence. Allocate and supervise the work of the multidisciplinary team based within the clinical area. Be responsible for the recruitment and selection of staff. Ensure performance management systems are in place. Work collaboratively with the theatre manager, in the annual postbasic training needs analysis, by identifying training needs of staff within the clinical area. Support the implementation of the clinical governance strategy. Ensure the adverse incident reporting mechanisms are upheld in accordance with company policy. Investigate clinical incidents following which appropriate action plans can be developed and maintained and lessons learnt are disseminated. Skills / Experience RGN Recent experience in Acute care Experience of day and short stay surgical working Teaching qualification or equivalent / evidence of management training Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal Excellent interpersonal skills Proven ability to motivate and lead a team Experience in standard setting and monitoring Innovative approach to service delivery Experience in recruiting staff Evidence of strategic awareness Evidence of continued professional development Awareness of current nursing research If you are interested in applying for this role, please email your cv as soon as possible quoting reference CL/Lead Nurse/Man. For a free and confidential discussion about this role, please call **** **** ****TTM Healthcare is one of Ireland's most respected Healthcare Recruiters, specialising in the recruitment of Social Workers, Social Care Professionals, Psychologists, Pharmacists, and Doctors, Nursing staff, Allied Health, BioMedical Scientists and various other health professionals. TTM is the recognised and exclusive vendor to some of the largest Public and Private Health & Social Care Service providers across the UK. We have office networks in Ireland, UK, Poland, Portugal and Spain.