Title: Team Health Administrator
Webindex: 48481518
Description: Team Administrator/PA Based in Central London close to amenities and transport links Salary **** plus excellent benefits Full time role 37.5hours per week. Our client is a national charity who champion service users with Learning Disabilities enabling them to live a fulfilling life, learn new skills and realise their full potential. Due to promotion they are seeking a senior Administrator/PA to join their busy, friendly team based in their head office located near to the Barbican. The role is to support the Associate Director with high level administration skills, external relations and Healthcare managers, to be manager of resources and information. You will be responsible for your own work, resolving problems and building good relationships, promoting diversity and actively seek to include people with Learning Disabilities in the workplace. You will be responsible for performance and development, be committed to the charity, develop excellent working relationships and have enthusiasm for working alongside people with Learning Disabilities. You will manage diaries, arrange meetings and travel, produce reports, maintain confidential information, chase information from stakeholders and ensure all information is accurate. Skills Extensive administrative skills within a busy working environment A passion for working for a national charity Must have advanced Word, Excel and PowerPoint Must have PA skills Must be able to set up and maintain systems Must have an understanding of budgets and finance Must be able to work well both within a team and on your own Excellent benefits include 24days holiday, pension and Healthcare Interviews will be held at the start of November so apply now If you are interested in the above role and have the necessary skills please send your CV and covering letter to p.casaliedenbrown.com or call **** **** **** for further information. All applicants must be eligible to work in the UK Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.