Title: Quality Manager / Quality Assurance Manager
Webindex: 69010512
Company: X4 Group Ltd
Description: Position: QA Operations Support Manager / Quality Assurance Manager Salary: Circa **** Location: Hertfordshire commutable from Berkshire, London, Middlesex QA Operations Support Manager / Quality Assurance Manager need to join a specialist Pharmaceutical company based in Hertfordshire. The Quality Manager will be responsible for managing the Quality Assurance / Quality Control functions that include the Documentation Control system for the Operations organization, Complaint management, Internal / External auditing, Batch Monitoring responsibilities and Quality Systems training QA Operations Support Manager / Quality Assurance Manager: Main Responsibilities: Responsible for managing / oversight of the processes for the controlled documentation system: including QA documentation, Contractor documentation, Laboratory Testing Results, Master Lists, Packaging Samples and Internal/External Audits. Responsible for coordinating revision of various quality system documents, such as Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), and Quality and Operations Policies (QOPs) Responsible for coordinating revision of all Operations department SOPs/QOPs/Forms to ensure compliance with cGMPs. Responsible for Customer Complaint management including receipt, investigation, responses, and semiannual complaint analysis. Recommends corrective and preventive action and tracks to ensure implementation. Responsible for NCE / OOS and Contractor Deviation reporting and management. Recommends corrective and preventive action and tracks to ensure implementation. Conducts internal audits to ensure compliance with regulatory agency requirements, cGMPs, DEA regulations, departmental specifications, and SOPs. Ensures action items are tracked and implemented. Conducts external audits to ensure compliance with regulatory agency requirements, cGMPs, DEA regulations, departmental specifications, and SOPs. Ensures action items are tracked and implemented. To be suitable for this position you will need to have 5 years experience within the Pharmaceuticals environment. If you are interested in this position then please do not hesitate to apply for this position via the X**** Group as they are looking to arrange interviews as soon possible or call Lauren Harris on (Apply online only) for further details. Key Skills: QA Operations Support Manager / Quality Assurance / Quality Assurance Manager / GMP / GLP / Change Control / Complaint Management / Documentation