Title: Product Specialist  Dental Sales  South East  Maternity Cover
Webindex: 70091315
Company: Evolve Selection Limited
Description: Our client is a world leading dental company with an extensive product range within the dental market. Our client currently has a very exciting opportunity working as a Product Specialist in Dental Sales across the South East area. The Role: As a product specialist you will be required to maximise the sales value of the company products in the approved territory in line with company sales and marketing plans and objectives. Provide a professional level of training; education and technical support to customers in the use of the company s products and also to give appropriate advice on clinical techniques and indications for use. Key Duties and Responsibilities: To create a Territory Business Plan and agree it with the National Sales Manager by quarter and for the full year. To be able to create and maintain excellent working relationships with all levels of dental customer and stakeholders in private practice and the NHS; so that the market leading position of the company and the very high level of customer trust is maintained and increased. To be able to carry out planned ethical sales calls that communicate important product information and training to users and potential users. At the same time these calls must be addressed to the needs of the business to support or expand sales of the company s products. To be able to carry out training courses; presentations and hands on workshops which educate customers in the use of all the company s products and the techniques necessary to use them. This training is relevant to both company specific courses or to support our customers or targets own training courses/MSc programmes etc. To successfully manage a territory budget for events and training (circa ****;****) to allow local support of training courses and other events relevant to sales growth and customer support. To be able to communicate with all relevant colleagues including Product Management and Customer Services in relation to order processing and competitor activity or the planning of new events. To carry out all necessary administration for the operation of a company car; laptop; samples and clinical training models as well as the planning of training courses. Candidate background: A Dental or Surgical qualification (Nursing or otherwise) An appropriate level of educational qualification: Degree level in life science or business areas. All candidates will require specific company product and scientific training before carrying out the role. New training will be given for all new products and / or indications for use. Dental Sales (ideally in implants although not essential) Required Competencies: Selfaccountability/motivation Innovation Tenacity Drive to ensure success. Selfmotivation Good organisational skills. Recruitment Process: **** stage process Package  Up to ****;**** depending on experience  benefits.