Title: Discharge Nurse  Northampton
Webindex: 72187408
Company: Team 24 Ltd
Description: We are looking for a Discharge Nurse to assess, plan, implement and evaluate nursing care to individuals being prepared for discharge to a community/domiciliary setting, having regard to the responsibilities of being the designated caseload holder during the Discharge process.You should be able to demonstrate a range of expected behaviours (competencies) to a specified level and apply these to the full in how they do their work. This is as important as having a relevant qualification or necessary experience of the job content. In order to be considered for this post you will have to demonstrate that you already have a: •Registered General Nurse First Degree Level •Diploma in Specialist Community Practitioner qualification •Current NMC registration •Evidence of recent and continuing professional development in your professional field and its relevance to the post’s requirements. •Evidence of recent experience in vent, respiratory and/or children’s nursing preferred but not essential. •Evidence of professional experience of working within inter agency services for vulnerable adults or children in their communities. •Extensive experience of assessing and providing care to people with complex and long term conditions within the community. •Proven experience of senior nurse clinical experience in a community or an acute setting. This post has the following special circumstances: •Car driver and access to a car for work purposes •Regular national travel •Flexible approach to hours due to possible travel and supporting the needs of colleagues and clients. You will be required to work 37.5 hours per week (Job Share will be considered). You will be Flexible to Head Office or Home Based with ready access to Head Office. Please apply to Peter Team 24 Now  About us: Team24 is a healthcare recruitment specialist which provides healthcare workers for a wide range of temporary placements, from doctors to specialist nurses across the NHS and private sectors. We pride ourselves on providing an exceptional quality of service to all in the healthcare sector, including the NHS, GP Surgeries, Mental Health Institutions, Prisons, Charities, Community Nursing, Nursing Homes, Residential Homes and the Military. We supply Nurses, Care workers, GP’s, Consultants and Homecare, on a 24 hour basis depending on when you need work. We can do this on a Temporary, Fixed Term Contract or Permanent Basis, what ever you need, when ever you need it. We work throughout the UK, supporting clients when they need us and working in partnership with them to ensure that we supply the right member of staff for their needs. As a company we are growing on a weekly basis and have numerous opportunities available in various trusts and private organisations throughout the UK, if this role isn’t what you are looking for why not send you details to our recruitment team via email recruitersteam24.co.uk or visit our website at www.team24.co.uk