Title: Quality Assurance Assessor  Dental Health
Webindex: 71215171
Company: BlueTownOnline.co.uk
Description: Job Title: Quality Assurance Assessor  Dental Health Location: London Salary: ****  Good Practice Scheme Closing date for applications: **** noon Monday 28th January 2013 Interviews to be held on: Week commencing 4th February 2013 Our client is the national professional association for dentists in the UK. The Good Practice Scheme is the quality kite mark for dental practices in the UK and they currently have a fulltime job opportunity in our Good Practice Scheme team based in London. The Good Practice Scheme Assessor will work with the Quality Assurance Manager and the Head of the Good Practice Scheme to maintain the currency of the scheme and to ensure the requirements reflect recognised standards of good practice. The postholder will be responsible for acting as a point of contact for practices requiring guidance and support on the requirements of the scheme; assessing new applications for membership via onsite practice assessment or examination of evidence; producing reports of findings; leading a national programme of onsite assessment by external assessors: and following up assessors? recommendations for remedial action. The successful candidate should have a general understanding of dental practice management or governance in healthcare; excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to work and communicate with a diverse range of professionals at all levels; demonstrable customer service: and excellent personal organisation skills. The successful candidate must also be willing to travel throughout the UK. Our client offers a generous benefits package including a company pension scheme, childcare vouchers, cash back for healthcare treatments, an Employee Assistance Programme, a variety of training opportunities, 29 days annual leave and subsidised gym membership. Our client is an equal opportunities employer and an Investor in People. Please click the APPLY button to register your interest for this role, and then we will send an email to your inbox. PLEASE READ THE INFORMATION SENT TO YOUR EMAIL. (Keywords; Quality Assurance Officer (Health), Dental Practice Manager, Health Governance, Dental Excellence Officer, Dental Healthcare Representative, Dental Healthcare Manager, Dental Healthcare Assessor)