Title: Quality Assurance Strategic Manager Pharmaceutical
Webindex: 72490692
Company: TLA Group
Description: Sector: Pharm: Quality Assurance Location: Surrey Salary: &pound****  &pound**** Company: TLA Group Job Type: Permanent Description: Build and develop exceptional QA solutions and team to ensure the company maintains the highest standards of quality contributing the companys commercial agility. The candidate will contribute to the design of and ensure that, innovative solutions provided to meet customer needs are robust and adhere to appropriate quality standards. You will act as the Customer facing ambassador of Quality for the company. The candidate will effectively manage the QA team to develop their skills to be high calibre experts in their fields through coaching, mentoring and training development and to ensure that the team are driven, motivated and deliver the QA KPIs to a high standard. The candidate will be expected to support the harmonisation of Quality Management System to achieve compliance and synergies in the Company business to optimise performance and opportunities in line with the Companys strategic Goals. They will also carry out the duties of statutory titles held as applicable and continuously keep abreast of QA related developments in all key markets and implement changes and update internal parties as required. Necessary Skills/Qualifications: Candidates need to have proven extensive QA experience, demonstrating a solutions driven approach. Proven experience of being commercially focused and results driven. Demonstratable experience of understanding customer needs and translating into viable QA outcomes. Proven excellent change management skills with a track record of being able to positively develop and mentor staff. Extensive experience of operating at senior levels within the Pharma industry and ability to be an ambassador for the company. The candidate must be able to design and implement QA systems with a proven ability of being a strategic thinker and being able to translate and implement strategy into tactical plans and actions. They must have excellent interpersonal and communication skills, decisive and objective, as well as being innovative and creative whilst being compliant. They need proven ability to build effective, good relationships with key stake holders and must be organised, detail oriented and result driven. Life Science degree or equivalent Qualified person (QP) transitioned or permanent provision an advantage Fluency in a European language would be an advantage Please apply now