Title: Registered Home Manager Older People preferably RGN / RMN
Webindex: 71433333
Company: Randstad Care
Description: Our client is a national organisation with an excellent reputation within the Health and Social Care Industry. An opportunity has arisen for a Registered Care Home Manager to work in a popular home with a pleasant homely environment in South Yorkshire. The role will require you to report to the Area Manager and you ideally will hold a nursing qualification either RGN or RMN. You will be required to lead the nursing / care team and will hold overall responsibility for the management of the home, maintaining service users standard of care and monitoring performance of all staff. Meeting service users needs, giving them a purpose and chance to enjoy life, promoting their independence and ensuring care plans are followed and evaluated. Motivating staff, recruiting staff, inducting new staff, ensuring all staff receive mandatory training, supervisions and appraisals and preparing duty rotas covering a 4 week period. You will also be involved in marketing the business, showing customers around, carrying out risk assessments, maintaining adequate supplies of medication and will hold overall responsibility for health safety within the home. As a successful candidate you will have effective leadership, interpersonal, communication and organisational skills. Ideally you will have a Nursing Qualification or be a Registered Manager with experience of managing a Nursing Home with a proven track record of achieving high quality standards. This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced manager to join this professional organisation and reap the reward of providing the highest level of care . Randstad Care is the UK's largest Health Social Care specialist recruitment provider. With more than 60 years' experience helping nursing professionals find their ideal roles, Randstad Care is ideally positioned to help candidates find nursing jobs. For more information please contact Charlotte This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegisteredHomeManagerOlderPeoplepreferablyRGNRMN_job****