Title: Registered Nurse (RGN)  Norwich
Webindex: 69181622
Company: Huntercombe
Description: Site or Unit : Huntercombe Rowan House Hospital Address : Buxton Norwich Norfolk NR10 ****RH Contracted Weekly Hours : **** Rowan House is an 78 bedded secure hospital located just outside Norwich in the village of Buxton set in beautiful grounds. It provides assessment, treatment and rehabilitation for adults who are detained under the Mental Health Act. The service caters for people with challenging behaviours, Autistic Spectrum Conditions, mental health problems and other conditions. The hospital is located in a quiet rural location but accessible to local amenities, and is situated between the small town of Aylsham, only **** miles away, and the historical town of Norwich which is 8 miles in the opposite direction. Norfolk is a beautiful county, with miles of unspoilt coastline, internationally important nature reserves, and wild lives, waterlands, picturesque market towns, and seaside resorts. We also have an international airport (Norwich) on our doorstep, giving easy access to other parts of the country and the continent. We offer an excellent staff induction programme with ongoing staff development and training opportunities for everyone. Ample free parking is available on site as individual transport will be needed due to our rural location. As a Registered Nurse you will work closely with the Centre Manager and deputise in their absence. You will be responsible for carrying out general nursing responsibilities including the overall well being of the residents and assisting with the formulation and implementation of the delivery of excellent standards of care; promoting independence and dignity and positively enhancing the lives of individuals in our care. So as a Registered Nurse what do you need to do to make this happen? Support the Deputy Nurse Manager and Registered Manager with the day to day nursing responsibilities Carry out ongoing assessments to determine individual needs and assist with the formulation of personal care plans Work Closely with the residents to promote greater independence and encourage a wide range of activities Ensure high standards of personal health hygiene.