Title: Enhanced Service Managers
Webindex: 66190528
Description: Exciting opportunity for Enhanced Service Managers to work for a Housing Association to lead a newly restructured area providing frontline services to residents with support needs. These roles are responsible for CQC registered provision. The post holder for all roles will be responsible for leading a newly restructured area providing frontline services to residents with support needs. They provide housing for a range of residents, including the elderly, learning disabilities, substance misuse and single homeless schemes. Responsible for implementing a highly customer focussed service to our residents, ensuring high levels of compliance with external regulators and continuously striving to improve services while balancing budget requirements and wider corporate objectives. It is essential that you have strong experience of providing housing or care services with knowledge of specific customer needs within one or more of the following groups; elderly, mental health, learning disabilities and offender management. You will need good communication skills and numeracy, including understanding of budget management. For the enhanced level roles, you will also need a relevant professional qualification or equivalent relevant to the services and client groups you will manage. Key accountabilities Ensure the provision of high quality housing related support and housing management services across all managed services Ensure all customers receive excellent, responsive, housing related personalised support which is flexible and results in good quality outcomes In conjunction with your Business Manager and the Care e.g. one or more of  older people, homelessness, mental health, learning disability, offender management etc. Good written and oral communication and presentation skills Good level of numeracy and understanding of budgets and finances Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.