Title: Senior Clinical Research Associate (SCRA) UK
Webindex: 72702927
Company: Barrington James Ltd
Description: Job Summary: We have an opportunity for the right person to work for a leading global Clinical Research Organization (CRO) with a high performance reputation for conducting clinical development programmes of the highest intensity. The company holds themselves to the highest ethical standards of conduct, encourage innovative ideas and solutions, and values, respects and supports each individual team member. Why not let our client realise your potential? Requirements: Key Responsibilities: This role enables you to demonstrate your management skills and budgetary awareness in relation to the sites you manage. It is an exciting role that enables you to play an important role in the successful running of the study. Within this role you must maintain timely and effective communication among team members and site staff and demonstrate effective conflict resolution skills. You will have the responsibility of assuring that the study complies with local regulations, Code of Federal Regulations/ International Conference of Harmonization and Good Clinical Practice (GCP) guidelines. You may also be responsible for submission of regulatory packages to ethics committees. You will be responsible for site management and site staff performance. You will monitor all types of clinical trials; participate in staff visits; assure site compliance with protocols, timely report Adverse Events (AE s) and Serious Adverse Events (SEA s), exhibit superior time management skills and may perform training visits and assessment of less experienced CRAs during the signoff visits. You will need to demonstrate timely completion and submission of Case Report Forms and Data Clarification forms. Must also be highly proficient with multiple data capture systems and be able to perform clinical data listing reviews as needed. Qualifications Skills:  Obtain a degree (BA/BS) in science/health care field or nursing degree or equivalent. combined education and experience.  Extensive clinical monitoring experience.  Extensive understanding of SOPs, WI, FDA ad local regulations as well as ICH GCP guidelines.  Strong organisational, documentation, presentation, and interpersonal skills.  Willingness to work within a team orientated work environment.  Knowledge of how to use Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, and PowerPoint).  An ability to handle multiple tasks and to meet deadlines in a dynamic environment  Must have a valid, current drivers licence.  ACRP CCRA or equivalent certification/credentials strongly preferred. How to apply: if you would like to discuss this vacancy further, or if you are unsure whether this is a suitable role for you and would like to discuss your career options in confidence, please send your CV to ckeoghbarringtonjames.com or call our office on **** **** Barrington James is a professional recruitment service which specialises in the placement of candidates within the Pharmaceutical Industry. Our service is professional and with over 28 years experience in the industry we offer the total recruitment solution. Click Here for URL removed Introduce a Friend or Colleague Reward  Refer a friend or a colleague to Barrington James today and earn **** cash If you refer someone we are currently not aware of and we find them a new position we will give you both ****