Title: Experienced Primary Care Rep Somerset / Devon
Webindex: 70696125
Company: UK Resourcing
Description: Account Executive / Primary Care Specialist  Somerset/Devon Account Executive opportunity ABPI essential This is a fantastic opportunity to join an international global R D based pharmaceutical company with a leading product portfolio in respiratory medicine and branded generics. They aim to bring addedvalue innovative pharmaceutical solutions to relieve and improve the quality of human life. At present there is an opportunity for an Account Executive / Primary Care Specialist covering the Somerset/Devon territory. You will be promoting a range of respiratory products into primary and a little secondary care. You will also be responsible for creating and executing a territory business plan focussed on generating sales. Working in a true Key Account Fashion within Key customer groups will include general practitioners, practice nurses and retail chemists. In some cases the role is a dual role where you will be responsible for both primary care and secondary care sectors. You must be able to understand and be able to demonstrate the key capabilities that are required for the job. This would suit someone who has Pharmaceutical sales experience Primary Care and a little secondary care experience The successful candidate will be rewarded with an attractive basic salary up to  **** plus bonus, pension, healthcare and company car scheme. To apply: If you are interested in this position please attach your CV. Alternatively call Julie on 01844202010 or send an email to recruitmentukresourcing.demon.co.uk. Here at UK Resourcing, as a smaller player, we pride ourselves on our customer relations management. To us you are not just a database entry; we are genuinely interested in your career. We have other positions which may also suit you, and you can rest assured all applications will be treated in the strictest of confidence and your CV will not be sent out without your express consent. Also if you know anyone else who need our service, recommend them and we will pay a bounty as a Thank you. Conditions apply.