Title: Deputy Clinic Manager  Renal Dialysis
Webindex: 72340092
Company: Equal Approach Limited
Description: As a world leader in renal care, our client offers dedicated, patientcentred environments which incorporate the very latest technology. They clearly understand that providing high quality care involves much more than simply an investment in equipment and facilities. As an employer, they will always aim to develop, reward and support their staff so that you feel valued and engaged in your work. In return they will offer a competitive salary, excellent training and exceptional career prospects. There is a huge potential to develop within the business and enjoy fantastic rewards in your career. As a Deputy Clinic Manager you will work in a modern, wellequipped environment with a multidisciplinary approach to care, you will provide the operational management to ensure that the service is patientled and performing well. You will allocate resources effectively, oversee the training and development of staff and play a part in delivering care plans for individual patients. By promoting a culture of innovation and a passion for care, you will ensure that your clinic meets the needs of every patient. Qualifications and Skills: Registered Nurse with a current NMC pin. Three years post registration experience, two of which will have been spent in Nephrology nursing, preferably haemodialysis ENB 998/City & Guilds **** (or equivalent standard qualifications) Desirable skills: Management qualification/ experience Recordable renal nursing qualification Counselling skills Computer skills EA Clinical and Healthcare specialise in recruiting nurses and medical professionals and clinicians at all levels nationally for the commercial market. EA Clinical and Healthcare offers a variety of bespoke, national recruitment solutions to a portfolio of prestigious national clients. Pease send your CV in application or call (Apply online only) for further information If you need to receive this information in an alternative format, please contact Equal Approach and we will take reasonable steps to arrange this for you. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and we actively encourage candidate applications from all sections of the community. The successful candidate may be required to undertake an Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau Check