Title: Nurse Advisor  Northampton
Webindex: 69125690
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Position  Nurse Support AdvisorLocation  NorthamptonSalary  ****k  ****k including pension and private health insurance.Full Time Permanent I currently have an exciting opportunity for experienced RGN's to join leading international healthcare organisation.My client, which currently serves approximately 65 million patients in the US, has within the past 2 years extended its operation into the UK and as such, as a result of continued growth, now urgently requires full and parttime RGN's to join its growing team of Nurse Support Advisors. This is an officebased role where the successful candidate will provide clinical telephone support to patients. The nurse will function as part of a wider team providing a comprehensive telephone advice and clinical assessment service to patients and/or their carers/relatives resulting in safe and appropriate clinical decision making. The nurse advisor will facilitate the provision of accurate healthcare information, health improvement advice or, where applicable, referral to the appropriate level and location of care, in order to meet the holistic and therapeutic requirements of the patient/carer. Nurse Support AdvisorKey Activities/Decision Areas Will work within a team consisting of, but not inclusive of, Clinical Services Manager, Pharmacists, more senior Nurse Advisors, and Patient Service Advisors. The composition of this team will vary from shift to shift and Nurse Advisors must be able to communicate effectively and professionally with all staff members. As part of a national service, will deal with specific, identified calls following agreed protocols and guidelines, which may be of a diverse nature. Calls may be from a variety of callers, whose cultural, social and emotional diversities require acknowledgment and taking into consideration during the consultation. Will be required to use a multi skilled approach. Whilst using the available technology, the Nurse Advisor will use effective listening and communication skills in order to make clinical decisions, create records and refer to clinical reference literature during the consultation period. Agreed protocols will be used to support clinical decisions. Maintain accurate computerised patient records using Patient Record Management (PRM) software RX Home Use complex telephony systems to handle calls and must be able to operate these systems skillfully to ensure the 'patient journey' is smooth Will work to strict daily targets allocated by more senior Nurse Advisors. Accept delegation from senior nurses to prioritise workload and ensure effective timemanagement strategies are embedded in own practice. Assess own learning needs and undertake learning as appropriate Make effective use of learning opportunities within and outside the workplace, evaluating their effectiveness and feeding back relevant information Must be able to retrieve and use information regarding healthcare provision in the patient's locality, allowing appropriate care to be accessed where necessary. Essential Current NMC registration Minimum of 18 Months post registration experience Demonstrate commitment to ongoing selfstudy to enhance knowledge of therapy areas Required competencies Ability to empathise with groups at all levels, showing tact and discretion Ability to demonstrate the standards of behaviour and professionalism Team working skills Clear understanding of the need to deliver an excellent experience to patients and their referring centre Excellent written and verbal communication skills with attention to detail Integrity Persuasiveness/Influencing skills Adaptability Problem Solving and decision making skills Ability to work on own initiative Planning and Organisation skills Demonstrate an understanding of, and works within the ethical standards, regulatory codes and legislative requirements that apply to the delivery of healthcare (i.e. the ABPI Code of Practice and the NMC Code.Applicants should be outstanding communicators with minimum three years postqualification experience. An excellent telephone manner and proven ability to empathise and build trusting relationships with patients is essential.Previous experience of a wide range of therapy areas is also preferable, however applicants should note that comprehensive disease area and product development training will be provided.For further information please contact Holly Brace at JP Recruit on N/A or N/A or alterntively email your cv to holly N/A .uk