Title: Allied Health Care Professional : Mobile Optometrist Jobs in Reading
Webindex: 69116912
Description: Flame Health Optometry  Mobile Optometrist Jobs in the Reading Area. Flame Health Optometry are looking to recruit an Mobile Optometrist to cover the Reading area. There has never been a better time to join a company that can provide a solid career structure as well as an unbeatable support system to help you achieve your career aims. Optometry Benefits:  Excellent salary package which can include relocation and location supplements for the right candidate  Up to 29 days holiday plus bank holidays  Excellent Bonus designed to reward levels of customer care, sales and company profits  Staff discount card offering generous savings of up to 22.5%  Free eye test and save a massive 70% on **** pairs of glasses per year  Reimburse all of the General Optical Council Fees for retention of registration and College fees for prereg supervisor  Flexible and affordable pension arrangement to employees Our client puts their clinicians at the heart of the business. To ensure that they stay at the forefront of the industry and to help you develop, they make sure you're given opportunities beyond holding clinics  such as supervising preregistration students, working in community schemes or managing practices. This company can provide a wide variety of career choices in a huge range of working environments and every practice meets the needs of people from every walk of life. Put simply, theres a range of practices to suit all optics professionals. Whether you are looking to work primarily in a single location, across a number of practices or as one of their growing band of professional managers. As an optometrist you must be able to combine a real professional interest in your field with a passion for providing exceptional standards of service. This will give you the opportunity to really drive the business from the consulting room. Your clinical excellence will fuel the companies success. The company has key development programmes because they are interested in whom you are, and they want to support you to be the best you can. So every effort will be made to ensure that you have every opportunity to explore your potential, and realise it. In return for your hard work and enthusiasm, the company will reward you with a package that is one of the best and most comprehensive in the UK. As well as a competitive salary, other options include flexible fulltime, part time or taking on a franchise of your own. Of course you will be a qualified and GOC registered Optometrist. To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Mobile Optometrist Opportunities within the Reading area  Contact Flame Health Freephone on **** **** **** or if calling from a mobile on **** **** alternatively email optometryflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business.