Title: National Optical Trainer  North London / Essex
Webindex: 68497015
Company: Your World Healthcare
Description: NATIONAL OPTICAL TRAINER Nature and scope The post is one of a team reporting to the National Training Manager. We provide a mobile, home visiting optical service to those who are unable to travel to the high street. Your particular contribution to the overall process lies in the support of our professional, field based staff on a national level, this will include Optometrists, Dispensing Opticians and Optical Assistants. The job holder will be expected to carry out field based assessments that will inform the structured programmed development of these internal clients. You will through proactive facilitation equip this group of professionals with the range of skills that will maximise their performance to achieve a bench marked level of commercial competency. In addition you will by using appropriate lines of communication, inform strategic thinking, in meeting the operational training and development needs of the field based professionals. Activities of the role To carry out objective assessments using criterion referenced competency models of field based staff. To facilitate the development of all field based staff in all areas of dispensing to ensure that agreed learning outcomes are transferred into measurable commercial results. To facilitate the induction of new field staff to ensure that company standards of customer satisfaction and commercial activity are clearly understood using recognised teaching techniques To promote best practice in the field. To maintain effective means of communication at all times. To carry out the duties of field based delivery staff on an adhoc basis as required To be competent in all areas of dispensing and Patient aftercare To be competent in the management of information, including all NHS forms, daily company reports and information technologies. To act as a positive ambassador at organised promotional events including trade shows. Maintain high standards at all times of personal appearance, timekeeping, attendance and respect of company property. To understand and adhere at all times to company Health and Safety procedures and to ensure that the vehicles are presentable and driven safely within the law. Operate in line with company policies, procedures, NHS guidelines and current legislation at all times Committing to the company belief of always do what is right for the patient . Any other reasonable requests that may be made from time to time. Key Attributes: Self starter  driven and focused on achieving challenging goals. Minimum 12 months experience from within the optical industry Ideally you will be a Qualified Dispensing Optician with training experience or an In Store Trainer Confident about working in a role were your actions will directly influence the results of others. Flexible willing to do what is necessary to meet agreed service levels Strong Business Ethic  willing to work extended hours to ensure service levels and targets are met. Commercially focused and energised by a targeted environment. Dedicated to the development of others by using recognised teaching methods. Willing to embrace your own learning needs to ensure that stakeholder satisfaction is assured Excellent communication skills. Strong desire to succeed, in an environment were success is celebrated and the need to be happy is recognised. Benefits: Very competitive salary. Monthly bonus. 28 Days Holiday Fully Expensed Company car. Comprehensive training Career progression opportunities Company pension Weekend working non compulsory