Title: Deputy Manager  Mansfield
Webindex: 69621960
Company: Appoint Group
Description: Appoint Group vacancy Job Title – Deputy Manager – RMN / RGN Location – East Markham (Nottinghamshire) Salary  **** per hour (negotiable dependant on experience) Hours: 40 hours per week (Full time) Shift Pattern: Days shifts Contract type: Permanent Job Description – An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Deputy Manager to work within a 29 bedded Dementia Care Home. This is a full time permanent position offering a “days only” shift pattern. The service caters for older adults with dementia as well as elderly and physically frail patients and those with mental disorders. Some of the client group can be demanding on occasion and there is always plenty going on within the home. The service enjoys an excellent reputation for care quality and succeeds in offering an attentive, friendly and homely environment. Staff morale is high as is demonstrated by their low staff turnover. To be considered for the role, the applicant must have a strong desire to work with elderly residents and previous senior, deputy or team leader experience is preferred although not essential. Applicants must be confident in their ability to manage a team multidisciplined team of care staff and able to step up to a challenge and work without supervision. Sound clinical knowledge and skills are also important. Employee benefits include:  A structured training scheme  Ongoing career development opportunities  Excellent work environments  Competitive salary rates based on experience, qualifications and skill  Sick pay  5.6 weeks of paid holiday per annum Applicants must be RMN or RGN trained and must hold a valid PIN. All applicants should be eligible to live and work in the UK without restriction. Strong communication skills are vital to succeed in this role, together with the ability to be a good team player. Sound clinical knowledge and skills are also important. For more information regarding this vacancy, please contact Erin Banner on **** **** or send a copy of your CV to erin.bannerappointgroup.co.uk.