Title: Clinical Nurse  Sheffield
Webindex: 72490482
Company: Paediatric Nursing Jobs
Description: Job Title:&nbspClinical Nurse Location: London Salary: &pound****  &pound**** per year Company: Paediatric Nursing Jobs&nbsp Clinical Nurse &nbspRMN &nbspWOKING BURY  SHEFFIELD We currently have positions for Clinical Nurses in our services particularly in our Adolescent services which are in a period of growth. Clinical Nurses must work according to NMC guidelines and are expected to assess, plan, implement and evaluate care without direct supervision and to participate fully in delivering a sensitive, efficient care service to all patients within the care of Alpha Hospitals. As a Clinical Nurse your role will primarily be to carry out the following: Provide quality care using the Multidisciplinary Care Programme Approach. Apply research based knowledge and appropriate models of patient care as a member of both a Multidisciplinary and the nursing team. Apply research based knowledge and appropriate models of nurse/patient intervention and maintain confidentiality regarding residents and staff. Ensure that care is provided within an environment which positively integrates race, gender, disability, religion and sexual orientation and meets individual needs. Ensure that the patients are involved as fully as possible in decisions affecting them and the running of the units, and to maximize their independence. Take charge in the absence of the Clinical Nurse Leader. Supervise the care given by junior staff, i.e., Nurse Support Workers and be able to lead a shift. Contribute actively to an effective learning environment and lead audits. To be responsible for the guidance and support of support workers, identify training needs and assist with appraisals for support workers. To represent the Hospital in a positive and professional manner within the units and externally as required at meetings and other forums. Work and communicate effectively with nursing and Multidisciplinary colleagues within the units, the Company and externally. To maintain a safe environment for staff and patients at all times Be aware of, and adhere to, current legislation regarding Health and Safety at Work. Requirements To be considered for the Clinical Nurse role you must be a Registered Mental Nurse (RMN) , compliant with the UKCC Regulations and Registration. &nbsp Hours of work  **** hours over a 2 week period  shift patterns include days, weekends and nights Maximum of 7 shifts worked in **** day rota &nbsp Start times: 8.00am  8.15pm/8.00pm 8.15am The Benefits Alpha Hospitals is a highly ethical employer and promotes multidisciplinary team working and openness amongst its staff. We are committed to providing a safe and supportive environment in which staff can develop personally and professionally. Each member of the team is valued as an individual and this is supported through the implementation of personal development plans which help staff grow and recognize their potential. Hospitals offer a range of benefits which include the following: Company Pension Scheme, Company Health Plan, Death in Service Cover, Income Protection, Holiday, Staff meals, Travel Expenses for relocation, Training and personal development. Hospitals are an equal opportunities employer. We employ a wide range of skilled staff to run our Hospitals. If you feel you have the skills and commitment to work as part of our dedicated team. Please apply now