Title: Senior Therapeutic Pratitioner
Webindex: 70204895
Description: Senior Therapeutic Practitioner Salary: Up to **** dependant on experience plus sleep in allowance Location: Salisbury The Role: My clients are currently recruiting for an experienced Senior Therapeutic Practitioner for a small residential home specialising in care for children with challenging behaviours in the Salisbury area. As a Senior Therapeutic Practitioner you will be required to support the Therapeutic Team Managers to ensure that a therapeutic environment is developed and maintained within the services by striving for continuous improvement and improved outcomes for each and every child and young person. As a Senior Therapeutic Practitioner you will provide high quality child care consistent with that of an experienced and skilled practitioner. The Person: The Senior Therapeutic Practitioner will be working in or will have worked within a residential Children's Home and will have experience of providing care to children with challenging behaviours. You will possess as a minimum an NVQ Level 3 Children and Young People or equivalent or an NVQ Level 4 in Children and Young People (desirable). With a positive can do approach the candidate needs to be an excellent communicator and have experience managing people and developing teams. You will have excellent listening skills and an ability to provide a high level of care as well as the ability to lead on tasks and generate commitment and enthusiasm to others. Due to the nature of the role, flexibility of working hours is required over a **** day shift pattern over a 24 hour period as you will be required to do sleep ins and waking nights (flexibility at the weekends is also required) The Company: My clients is a leading independent, Social Enterprise that works with 'Lookedafter Children' who are in need of specialist care services throughout England and Ireland, their aim is to provide a safe and secure environment with as much normality as possible for children who have experienced abuse, neglect, family breakdown and traumatic relationships or for children who are in need of Therapeutic Residential Child Care. All applicants must undergo a full CRB Check and MUST have the relevant qualifications. Interested? The please click apply now and send your CV