Title: Controls and Instrumentation Supervisor
Webindex: 71821413
Company: Kinetic Plc
Description: ConsultantWayne Cressey Position  Controls and InstrumentationSupervisor Location  Bradford Salary Circa ****k This is a continuous days position, 3 days on 3 days off  7am to 7pm. I am looking for a time served, Controls and Instrumentation Engineer, with a wealth of post apprenticeship experience as a Controls and Instrumentation Engineer, ideally from a Petrochemical, Chemical background. For a Supervisor Position. COMAH This is a great opportunity to work for a multi national company, with great benefits attached. Main Purpose. Ensure the C/I workforce is utilised effectively and efficiently, to carry out planned preventative and reactive maintenance. Prioritise resources to maximise plant availability, in conjunction with production personnel. Manage C/I staff on own shift, as well as having responsibility for opposite day shift, and other shifts. Principal Tasks And Accountabilities (Describe briefly, in order of importance, the main tasks of the job, and wherever appropriate, the purpose of the tasks) On daily basis interrogate Mainsaver and liaises with Production Shift Management to ensure the correct priorities are set and resources appropriately allocated. Carry out planned and preventative maintenance activities such that availability is maximised and that regulatory inspections are complied with at all times. Ensure that work orders are efficiently closed out in line with quality standards. Ensure that all appropriate procedures, such as Health and Safety procedures, Permit to Work etc are adhered to at all times by staff Coach and train staff to ensure competence and development. Provide diagnostic and technical expertise and support to engineering and operations. Liaise with and manage contractors to supplement Nufarm resources. Dimensions Of Job. First line manager to 5 continuous shift technician s and **** dayshift personnel The job role requires communication and influence with a very significant number of people on daily basis. The role is the focal point on day to day basis for C/I resource. Nature And Scope (e.g. Working Environment, Freedom to Act, Working Relationships, including a separate Organisation Chart and other relevant comments) Freedom to Act The job holder has the authority to authorise the acceptance of Plant modification s of a C/I nature. The job holder does not have authority to bypass the company plant modification procedure under any circumstances. Financials Purchasing within standard operating procedures Knowledge And Experience Required (to perform at a satisfactory level) C/I apprenticeship with at least HNC ( ONC) Ability and experience of managing people AT least 5 years industrial experience gained in a complex manufacturing environment. To apply for the Controls and Instrumentation Position please send your CV to (url removed)