Title: Temporary Lead Environmental Technician
Webindex: 69966288
Company: Rolf Berryman
Description: Temporary Lead Environmental Technician  6 Months  Lewes, East Sussex Rolf Berryman Engineering are working with a highly regarded and well respected company, who are changing the way we view and use our energy and waste resources. My client is seeking a Lead Environmental Technician to assist in the safe and efficient monitoring of landfill gas control and utilisation equipment. You will be responsible for: Leading and motivating a team responsible for balancing, monitoring and maintenance of the landfill gas control infrastructure. Providing routine monitoring, faultfinding and troubleshooting skills to the landfill gas collection systems, landfill gas flares and utilisation plant. Acting on information received, maintain operational efficiency including the implementation of shortterm remedial measures where necessary. Assist in the management of landfill gas control regimes to ensure that all monitoring / balancing is being carried out correctly; to provide and initial review of the data collected Responsible for the mentoring of new environmental/engineering technicians providing training as necessary Liaison with internal personnel and external contractors to ensure downtimes of LFG utilisation equipment are kept to a minimum. General operation of associated plant and allow safe shutdown prior to works and restart after completion. Annual and timely training reviews of all direct reports and assess competency where necessary. The successful candidate will possess: Good understanding of the technical aspects of waste management especially the concept of landfill and landfill gas management. Knowledge of Permit/Licence compliance and working with regulators. Knowledge of environmental databases and analysis software. Understanding of power generation technology. Practical understanding and hands on experience of landfill gas management and control. Practical experience of data management and interpretation using excel and other data analysis software. Contract administration and management. Team management skills. Good attention to detail. You will be selfmotivated with the ability to work to deadlines and constantly juggle priorities A good team player with strong interpersonal skills and the ability to stay calm under pressure. Above all you will possess Sense of humour and resilience Our client is able to offer a competitive salary, company pension, company vehicle, 25 days holiday and many other benefits. For further information please contact Harriet Janman at Rolf Berryman Engineering Key Words: supervisor, team leader, engineer, technician power generation, waste management, landfill gas, schedule of works, pipework techniques