Title: Proposals Engineer  Water
Webindex: 69776909
Company: Lanesra Technical Recruitment
Description: Position: Proposals Engineer  Water Salary: ****  ****pa plus car and excellent benefits Location: North Derbyshire Summary of Role: To develop the client specification and drawings (if required) so that they can be priced accurately by proposed sub contractors. To manage the timely and accurate pricing of Tenders. To supervise the production of Tender drawings (if required) for submission. To organise submission of Tenders (including technical and Commercial aspects) To respond to clients MEICA post Tender requirements. Key Tasks: Develop the clients specifications and drawings in sufficient detail to enable the SubContractors to price their package of work accurately. Undertake pretender design layouts for water and sewage treatment works, including P s. Appraisal of process designs solutions. Obtain accurate prices and quotations for all aspects of a tender relating to the MEICA element including subcontracts, materials and labour. Technically and commercially assess quotations. Produce an accurate estimate for MEICA related work for a Tender. Advise the Proposals Manager of any additional resources that may be necessary to complete the Tender. Preparation of Tender programme for MEICA equipment and MEICA activities. Document any areas of potential risk identified in the tender. Liaise with other interested parties (including process, civil engineering and commercial specialists). Attendance to site visits if required. Attendance to settlement meetings to discuss and explain, MEICA estimate. Preparation of tender submission (including technical and commercial aspects) Attend posttender MEICA/commercial meetings with client. Adherence to the Company Q.A. system. Preparation of handover documentation after award of contract. Skills/Attributes: Accuracy is paramount plus the ability to work under pressure and to meet tight deadlines. Should be a good communicator and capable of working in a team environment. Ability to develop alternative solutions to that prescribed in the tender bid Qualifications: Preferably Degree qualified in an engineering discipline. (Chartered Engineer Preferred) BEng Mechanical or Electrical Engineering with Experience within the Water Industry. Contractually aware  NEC conditions essential