Title: M E Manager / TSM  Main Contractor
Webindex: 72663111
Company: redfish solutions ltd
Description: We have an immediate requirement for a permanent M E Manager with a large, well known contractor. Our client works across a wide variety of sectors, including commercial office space, healthcare, education, mixed use developments and major regeneration schemes. They have had a very successful 2012 and have a very healthy pipeline for 2013 and beyond. The main purpose of the role is to lead the M E construction process and to ensure that all design/procurement is done in order to deliver on time, within budget, meet the clients requirements and to deliver a high level of quality without accident. Main duties: Carry out weekly meetings with MEP contractor to review the following matters and schedule forthcoming activities. Contractors drawing programme/progress. Contractors procurement programme/progress. PTS schedules and progress. Method statement issues and progress. Risk assessment issue and progress. Testing and commissioning programme and progress. RFI schedules and progress. Main Responsibilities: The effective implementation and regular review of the Project Specific Health and Safety Plan. The implementation of the Company Safety Policy and Project Health and Safety Plan are brought to the attention of the Project Team, subcontractors, clients and others who may be affected. Monitoring, review and report to the Production Manager the Projects Health and Safety Performance. Authorising the purchase of safety equipment and apparatus. Reviewing and signing off of method statement and risk assessment. Compliance with all requirements about First Aid, Compliant Welfare, Signage, PPE, Fire Management, Storage, Traffic Management, etc. Ensuring that the Company Management Plan and Project Management Plan are understood and applied within their entity. The management of the closure of NCR s, review nonconformance and corrective action reports. Ensuring that NCR resolutions are successfully implemented. Ensuring that M E quality control records and QVF s are done and correctly filed. Oversee the M E document quality produced by the S/C. To fulfil Health Safety responsibilities by adherence to the requirements of the Company s Health Safety Policy Statement, Manual and Safe Systems of Work. Produce daily site diary sheet after each visit **** to fulfil Health Safety responsibilities by adherence to the requirements of the Company s Health Safety Policy Statement, Manual and Safe Systems of Work. The successful M E Manager will have a minimum of five years post qualification experience. You will have experience of working for recognised main contractors on a range of medium to large projects. You must be based in the UK within a commutable distance of London. For further information apply with a CV to careersredfishsolutions.com