Title: CNC Production Engineer
Webindex: 69776004
Company: TQR Consultancy Ltd
Description: Our client is a leading CNC machining and assembly manufacturer with a global customer base. A very exciting opportunity has become available to join a very successful and expanding business with strong projected growth. Applicants MUST have a CNC background. Principle Accountabilities Project manage new product introduction Conduct engineering feasibility, planning, costing and route MRP BOMs. Recommend process and plant development (including new methods and equipment and capital expenditure) within designated areas to improve product cost and quality. Carry out run off and in plant capability assessment of new and rebuilt plant within designated areas of responsibility. Participate in the preparation of routings for parts and/or assemblies to comply with data sheet and other specification requirements. Establish and maintain cycle times for all relevant operations on new and existing routings. Design, (working as needed with draughts person), any tooling, gauges / fixtures etc needed for new routings or demanded by developments to existing routings. Issue and maintain Working Practices, Process sheets and Production Standard Practice Instructions to cover all aspects of production and/or QA within designated areas. Provide floorengineering support to designated areas of production and assembly operations. Take part in TPM, ****S, and related business improvement activities. Ideal attributes include: Process development/improvement (plan/modify/design/setup/optimise) Problem solving Projects Cost reduction Engineering experience Work on own initiative Enthusiastic Confident Communicative Proactive, hands on approach Team player Creation and development of engineering systems and procedures Creative Produce high quality of work, efficiently with a cost effective approach Flexible Lean knowledge/experience/understanding Qualifications Degree, HND, HNC or equivalent with some experience in a related field. Direct experience, with relevant skills, may be acceptable in the absence of academic qualifications