Title: Principle Structural Engineer
Webindex: 69848782
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Our Client have an excellent opportunity for a Principle Structural Engineer to join their team in their Telford office. Important Experience, masterseries, autocad The Job We are seeking a self motivated individual to lead and develop a small but established structural engineering team. You will have a high work ethic and relish the challenge of a demanding workload. The position is one that will appeal to a person seeking to further develop their leadership and commercial skills. You will be responsible for ensuring that best structural engineering design practices are applied within the office. This is a senior position reporting directly to Director level, you will assist the Directors improve design services and operational efficiency. The office already has a well developed client base; the successful candidate will be expected to maintain the existing client base as well as generate new clients and areas of work. The candidate we are seeking will likely be a recently Chartered Engineer with **** or 4 years relevant experience in leading design teams. You should have experience of a range of different sized structural engineering projects up to a value of around pound;****m. The successful candidate must be experienced in the following:  Structural Engineering design in the timber, steel, reinforced concrete and masonry construction to Euro Code standard  Fully computer literate and the use of CAD for preparing drawings and structural analysis preferably using CSCS Masterseries and STAAD.Pr**** software.  Working in a busy and professional design office and operating with best practice.  Team management and document control.  Working with demanding clients to provide solutions that they require on budget and to programme.  Preparation of specifications, tender and contract documents and a good understanding of contract law. We offer an excellent working environment and salary, located within 5 minutes of the M54 motorway. Telford is modern town but has a long historical heritage, the county of Shropshire provides a vibrant and contrasting lifestyle. There are good transport links to the west Midlands and further afield. You will be work with a multidisciplinary team of engineers undertaking a wide range of development work as well as liaising with other offices. Our client are an equal opportunities employer. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK