Title: Chief Engineer / Project Engineer
Webindex: 71185507
Company: Talent FM
Description: Our client a leading further education organisation seeks an experienced chief engineer to oversee **** buildings within their campus. The Chief Engineer is primarily a building facilities and engineering role. The post holder is a key member of the Head of Departments operational management team. The refurbishment of laboratories and new build requirements of the Department requires the post holder to design, manage and deliver on time and to budget specialised scientific and engineering areas. A major requirement of this post is to work with appropriate safety advisers and academic staff to ensure the design and implementation of biological containment category **** and **** rooms. The Role The Chief Engineer is primarily a building facilities and engineering role. The post holder also chairs the Site Management group that brings together all service functions of the Department. The post holder provides the high level engineering advice to boardroom heads Service Delivery Project Management Building Services Analysis Research Budget and Cost effective management PPM Leadership Direction Experience Engineering degree in an appropriate discipline Management or Business qualification Over 10 years experience in an engineering and management capacity Ability to remain proactive in a substantially reactive environment Proven practical knowledge of electronic, electrical, mechanical engineering equipment and plant About Talent FM Talent FM are a team of experienced consultants who really understand all aspects of the facilities management recruitment market. We are totally committed to raising the standards of facilities management recruitment, both in the UK and internationally. Our sector knowledge is unrivalled and we are passionate about making every stage of the recruitment process as easy as possible for our clients and candidates. You can view are jobs on our website, download our app or link up with us on twitter, Facebook or LinkedIn. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ChiefEngineerProjectEngineer_job****