Title: Project Engineer  Pipework Infrastructure
Webindex: 69080436
Company: Anglo Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Senior Network Engineer  Midlands  c****k. Senior Network engineer based in the Midlands to work on a District Energy Scheme in Coventry on a fixed term contract estimated to extend from February 2013 for nine months but with possible extension. The role will involve working within a Projects Team in the field of sustainable energy district heating, cooling and power systems. The Projects Team are responsible for developing projects from original concept stage through design to installation, construction and commissioning of plant, for handover to internal Operations Teams. Feasibility studies are also undertaken for clients and this role may involve an element of collaborative work with the Commercial Team. Based in the Coventry office with travel to the Sussex Head Office on occaision, this role will be dedicated to the design of a new District Energy Scheme in the Midlands and offer the opportunity to be involved in a high profile District Energy Scheme from commencement. This project includes the design and installation of the following:  District heating pipe infrastructure in roads and footpaths.  Design of buried pipework systems.  Network Controls. Key Deliverables  Production of Risk Assessments and Method Statements.  Assist in the production of equipment specifications  Advise on technical aspects of the project.  Supervision of contractors and subcontractors  Liaison with clients and their consultants/representatives  Maintaining construction programme  Responsibility for Health and Safety of work areas and public safety  Responsibility for ensuring compliance of NRSWA and HVAC  Quality of installations The Person Specification A motivated and professional person, preferably with a demonstrated knowledge of building services installations. NRSWA Accreditation Essential Good communication and IT skills are essential. Driving Licence essential Location The post will be based around Coventry (the candidate must live within a one hour drive of the site) with some travel to the Sussex Head Office. General Information Salaries in the range of **** depending on experience and fit with job specification. Start Date To be in post not later than February 2013 Please contact Steve West for more information