Title: Graduate Engineer (Electrical)
Webindex: 69670997
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment Limited
Description: Graduate Engineer (Electrical) Manchester Position available for a Graduate Engineer looking to go into High Voltage Electrical Test Development work for a leading company within the UK Power industry. Here is a fantastic opportunity for a Graduate Engineer to work for one of the fastest growing companies within the power sector, offering fantastic training and career progression. The company specialise in Electrical Testing and Inspection for the UK power industry and are responsible for the safety of high voltage systems and cabling across the Network. The companys goal is to continue growth, secure larger contracts, and to deliver expert knowledge and service to their clientele. The role involves Test Development work on high voltage electrical systems and cabling for the UK Power industry, including suppliers, power plants and substations. Using the company supplied vehicle you will be required to travel regularly nationwide visiting client sites, making recommendations for development and improvements and delivering an expert and professional service. Here is a role for a Graduate Engineer looking to get into the Power industry, likes regular nationwide travel and wants to build a career within a growing industry leader. The Role: Graduate Engineer (Electrical) Test Development of High Voltage systems and cabling Liaising with clients to recommend and implement improvements Regular nationwide travel Circuit Design Meeting with clients ********  Training  Progression  Car  Pension Mon Fri **** hours The Person: Graduate Engineer (Electrical) Degree qualified Electrical/HV experience from Degree Wants a career in the Power industry Flexible with time and travel Driving License Graduate, Electrical, Engineer, HV, High voltage, Driving License, Power, Electronics, Cables, systems, linux, oscilloscopes, circuit design, C++, test, development, degree, training, UK This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed.