Title: Engineering Manager ( Interviewing )
Webindex: 69098173
Company: berrisford rsc
Description: Company: Our client is one of Ireland's leading manufacturing businesses with a track record of success. The organisation has an excellent reputation and shows strong signs of continued growth. Currently the company is recruiting for an Engineering Manager to join and lead that department. Position Outline: Reporting to Operations Director the successful candidate will be required to manage a team of engineers and other maintenance personnel (**** staff) and oversee all planned and preventative maintenance, breakdowns, and all major plant installations throughout the company. The Engineering Manager will be responsible for the following duties: The effective operation of all areas of Engineering /Maintenance The daytoday management of all personnel within the engineering department. All areas of health and safety, discipline, training and development, appraisals, performance etc. The daily identification, allocation and verification of necessary work to all personnel. All repair, renewal and preventative maintenance work necessary to minimise downtime and maximise productivity in the plant. The management including budgeting and control of the Repairs and Renewal along with the Operations Manager Managing and driving all aspects of cost improvement / efficiency within the engineering area Management of critical spares and spare parts across all areas of the factory floor. Management and proposal of capital and other special projects. This includes assisting in establishing costs, working within budgets, managing machine installations etc. Adherence to KPI s and operational efficiency improvement measures Suitability Outline: The ideal candidate will have at least five years experience working in a similar role within the engineering area of a medium / large size manufacturing company. He/she will be a proven professional that will have worked in a medium / large sized organisation and managed similar sized team. The successful candidate will be selfmotivated with extremely strong interpersonal and motivational skills and will possess the ability to work in a fast moving and demanding environment encompassing a wide range of responsibilities within an established team. The company is offering an excellent salary and bonus package for the right person as well as the chance to develop your skills within an organisation that is keen to invest in new and emerging technologies and systems. How do I Apply? The next step: Call Declan Fitzmaurice for a private consultation and to find out more about this opportunity on **** **** **** 333 Monday to Friday or **** in the evenings errisford Associates  Provide a range of Managed Recruitment Services covering: Accountancy  Banking  Financial Services  Professional  Executive Irish News Finalists 2010 & 2011  Preferred supplier to leading Banks, Practices & Local & Global Businesses