Title: Field Technician – O****
Webindex: 71188700
Company: Severn Trent Services
Description: Role: Field Technician Location: North ( Cumbria / Northumberland ) Grade: D Salary: Circa **** Per Annum Depending on experience  Bonus and Benefits Role Overview Severn Trent Costain is a joint venture that combines the skills and experience of Severn Trent Services, one of the world's leading suppliers of water and waste water solutions, and the UK's leading engineering provider, Costain. We are looking for an enthusiastic, positive individual who is customer focused and comfortable working on their own as well as part of a team. We are looking to you to maintain, assess, diagnose, determine the most appropriate resolution and support anyinterruptions / issues to either the water service or sewage treatment process. The key requirements of the role are: Day to day inspection and maintenance of water assets. Deliver a high level of customer service whilst meeting health safety, financial, KPI, statutory, quality and contractual compliance. Work with Control Centre and line management to maximise productivity and efficiency. Provide quality daily job feedback to identify follow on work to minimise the avoidable failures for water quality and environmental consents. Provide support to both customers and colleagues with technical input when required. Manage personal workloads to ensure maximum productivity and effective time management. Support local operational incidents Participate in an outofhours operational standby rota. To be successful in this role: You will have a passion for delivering performance and quality improvements being able to demonstrate a clear vision of the importance of Customer Service in everything that you do. You will be able to demonstrate this through your career experience to date and/or through your career development plan. Previous experience of operating and maintaining water and wastewater assets is desirable. The role will involve regular travel within the North (including some overnight stays). A full clean driving licence is essential. Due to Severn Trent Costain’s work all successful candidates will be subject to full security vetting and required to attain CRB and Disclosure Scotland. Preemployment screenings will be required for the successful candidate. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldTechnicianO****_job****