Title: Head of Civil Engineering Water Ind Peterborough to ****k
Webindex: 71677276
Company: Jonathan Lee Engineering & Manufacturing
Description: We seek a Head of Civil Engineering in Water / Waste Water. You will be responsible and accountable for the technical excellence and quality of the design deliverables developed by the technical delivery teams within the Civil discipline area. THE COMPANY: We are a worldleader in the provision of project management, technical engineering and construction services to the Water industry, on programs ranging from Water Supply, Treatment and Storage to Water Resources Management and Coastal Restoration. We are currently looking to appoint a Head of Civil Engineering at our Peterborough office. THE ROLE:  Develop and communicate systems of work that define rigorous checking, approval and change processes to ensure design quality, consistency and repeatability.  Champion excellence in Health and Safety in design. Ensure that all Engineers have sufficient knowledge and skills to produce safe designs and discharge their obligations according to Regulations.  Provide disciplinespecific technical leadership for a team of Civil Engineers, understanding the capabilities and limitations of individuals, and allocating work appropriately.  Set clear standards and expectations, providing feedback to individuals about performance. Instigate both formal and informal development programmes to enable all Engineers to contribute to their full potential and monitor progress.  Ensure that all technical work is undertaken to the correct standards and specifications. Ensure that the requirements of Minimum Asset Standards (MAS) are understood and adhered to and drive design consistency.  Continuously strive to improve ways of working and promote innovation. Identify opportunities that may facilitate cost savings, carbon reductions or other efficiencies. THE PERSON:  You will be degree qualified in Civil, Mechanical, Electrical or Process Engineering.  Experience in water treatment plants is essential. THE BENEFITS: It is anticipated that the salary will be up to **** p.a. depending upon experience plus Car and all the other Benefits you would expect. However, the agreement of terms is unlikely to be an obstacle in securing the right candidate. We are based in Peterborough a Cathedral city that offers fun, shopping, culture and countryside. You can wander around stately homes and historic buildings, sample the menus at wonderful eateries, lose yourself in acres of rolling countryside and miles of waterways or experience the city's buzzing events and nightlife. The role is commutable from Bedford, Boston, Cambridge, Corby, Ely, Grantham, Huntingdon, Kettering, King's Lynn, Leicester, Northampton, Peterborough, St Neots and Wellingborough. APPLY NOW: If you are interested in this position, please forward your CV as soon as possible to Clive Wadelin at our advising consultant`s, Jonathan Lee Recruitment, who will treat it in the strictest confidence and keep you closely informed on the progress of your application. Alternatively to discuss the Head of Civil Engineering role in more detail, please contact Clive on **** **** Jonathan Lee Recruitment is a leading engineering and manufacturing recruitment consultancy established in 1978. The services advertised by Jonathan Lee Recruitment are those of an Employment Agency. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadofCivilEngineeringWaterIndPeterboroughto****k_job****