Title: Supplier Quality Assurance (SQA) Engineer  Mechanical  J****
Webindex: 66744679
Company: Bulldog Engineering Recruitment
Description: Responsible to: Quality Manager. Qualifications HND/Degree/equivalent in Mechanical or Production Engineering Recent, IRCA Approved, ISO9001 Lead Assessor Training would be a distinct advantage. Experience: Previous employment in a QA or manufacturing support role in engineering industry. Knowledge of a wide range of manufacturing processes, e.g.: Casting HPD, LPD, gravity, sand and investment (in aluminium, zinc and iron). Precision machining (including complex castings). Plastic injection and compression moulding. Gear cutting. Motor winding and assembly. Springs (flat metal, coil, tension, torsion and compression). Proprietary parts, including fasteners, bearings and seals. Comprehensive understanding of ISO9001 and its interpretation. Audit and followup of ISO9001 Management Systems. Application of quality tools, including SPC, to manufacturing processes. IT proficient in the use of the MS Office suite and an understanding of MRP systems. Specific Experience offering a distinct advantage: Driving quality and cost improvements and conducting supplier audits. The application of ISO/TS**** techniques to manufacturing processes. Personal Qualities: A positive and flexible approach to working, time and travel. A selfmotivated and confident attitude. An ability to persuade and influence others to drive quality and cost improvements. An ability to communicate at all levels, including quick, concise and accurate report writing. An ability to make instant decisions under pressure. Main Responsibilities: To drive down suppliers’ DPPM rates, in accordance with company KPI targets. To drive improvement in suppliers’ process capability and efficiency. To promote and implement contemporary techniques such as SPC, FMEA etc. To conduct systematic evaluation, analysis and follow up of supplier returns and NCRs. To drive suppliers’ Root Cause Corrective Action, e.g. through 8D programmes. To analyse supplier performance and drive containment, corrective and preventive action. To file reports with objective evidence of supplier performance and improvement progress. To produce the relevant Vendor Rating data and follow up agreed improvement actions. To contribute to the design process, relating to manufacturing expertise (component DFM). To undertake/coordinate component sample approvals. To liaise with Purchasing, Engineering and Production as required, to improve supplier performance. To coordinate, implement and maintain the supplier audit programme (including Nuclear). To conduct system, process and product audits at new and existing suppliers. To maintain procedures for component inspection, supplier audits, concessions, NCRs etc. To review and disposition segregated or quarantined components at Rotork or suppliers’ sites. To prepare specific supplier performance summaries as required. To travel on company business as required, including overseas. Benefits Package: Annual Leave: **** days annual leave inclusive of 8 Public Bank Holidays (employees to take 3 or **** days from overall entitlement for the Christmas shutdown), rising to 38 days after ten years’ service. Private Health Cover: Eligible after 3 months’ service  free for the individual except for tax. Individuals may elect for the spouse/and or children to join as competitive membership rates are offered. Pension: Eligible to join after completion of 3 months’ service – a contributory “stakeholder” pension scheme. Company will match the employees’ contribution from 3% up to 7% and results in reduced NI deductions. Life Assurance: Life assurance of ****x salary applies to members of the pension scheme. Share Schemes: HMRC Approved Sharesave Scheme. Provided employees have been employed for 12 months at the date of invitation to join the scheme, they have the opportunity of saving monthly out of their post tax pay up to **** per month for a term of 3 or 5 years. At the end of the term, employees have the opportunity to purchase shares at the option price set at the start of the contract using the money saved. Under the HMRC approved Share Incentive Plan: • Free Shares are awarded (up to maximum of ****) according to salary and length of service to employees subject to completing 1 full calendar years service and being still employed at the date of the award. • Partnership Shares can be purchased from employees’ pretax pay up to a maximum of **** per month. Employees can apply to participate in this scheme from joining the company, however, it can take up to 3 months for the documentation to be issued. Bonus Scheme: If bonuses are payable, they are paid in March, July and December each year. Depending on the level of target achievement, if the discretionary company performance related bonus is paid, it is paid in the range of 515% per year. Staff Canteen: Excellent food available for all employees at subsidised prices. Breakfast and lunch service is available. Hot/Cold Drinks: Free hot and cold drinks are available to employees. Car Park: Onsite car parking for all employees. Cyclists: A salary sacrifice “Cycle Scheme” is available as well as excellent storage facilities and showers for cyclists. Childcare Vouchers: A salary sacrifice scheme which enables employees to make savings on the cost of their childcare provision. Retail Discounts: The company has teamed up with the online employee benefits provider Natural Advantage to offer employees significant discounts at a very wide range of well known retailers. Professional Subscriptions The company will cover the cost of professional subscriptions (in accordance with current policy rules). Staff Social Club: Membership is open to all employees