Title: Production Operative (Drinks Manufacturing) ****
Webindex: 68990634
Company: EasyWebRecruitment.com
Description: Production Operative (Drinks Manufacturing) **** Our client is one of the world's largest beverage companies focusing on privatelabel and contract manufacturing. With approximately **** employees, they currently operate soft drink, juice, water and other beverage bottling facilities in the United States, Canada, the U.K. and Mexico. Position: Production Operative Location: Kegworth, Derbyshire Salary: **** per annum Hours/Shifts: 3 on 3 off **** hour shift system, which covers twentyfour/seven, alternating days and nights and including weekends. ROLE: The Production Operative will be a part of a professional, empowered team committed to providing the customer with the highest quality product in the safest and most costeffective manner. You will be required to:  operate plant and machinery within a specified zone maintaining targeted output with minimal interruption  carry out basic fault finding and rectification, within set limits, in specified zone  make adjustments to machine set up to improve performance.  assist/perform with line changeovers RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Maintain a safe working environment by adhering to all safe working practices. Recognising actual and potential hazards and taking the correct action/s to avoid accidents. b) Follow Company procedures for the correct disposal of waste ensuring a ‘clean as you go’ philosophy is adapted to maintain zone housekeeping standards in line with a food manufacturing environment. Follow company ISO & BRC requirements, ensure you follow the GMP Policy and undertake to follow the company SOP & STM’s and QA Procedures. c) Prioritise responsibilities to ensure housekeeping and hygiene standards are at an acceptable standard before other duties, including maintenance, are carried out. d) Complete all records and paperwork for specific zone legibly and accurately (e.g. Cleaning records, handover books, quality records, maintenance schedules). e) Communicate with Process Technicians and Process Coordinator any important information relating to Health and Safety, Quality nonconformance and Machine faults / alterations to set up. f) Follow the correct changeover procedures ensuring minimum time taken between stoppage and running at rated speed. Follow set production programmes, understanding the importance of running to plan and association between production schedule and product specifications. g) Plan the day to day operation of zone to ensure situations do not arise through lack of raw materials, equipment failure and/or product specification problems. h) To maintain a high level of service to internal and external customers, developing a positive attitude towards others in the team and across the business. Plan workload and seek opportunity to complete set personal objectives. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Experience of working in an FMCG environment, as a production operative or similar. b) Basic Food Hygiene Training. c) Basic mechanical aptitude c) Problem solving, calm under pressure d) Team worker e) Excellent written and verbal communication skills. f) Flexible attitude with good organisational skill. You may have experience of the following: Production Operative, FMCG, Food Hygiene, Machine Operator, Drinks Manufacturing, Food Production, Quality Assurance, Aseptic, Food Safety, Manufacturing Operator, Production Planner etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK’s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.