Title: CHP Maintenance Manager  Gas CHP  to ****k  Gatwick
Webindex: 70256088
Company: TEAMBUILDER RECRUITMENT
Description: CHP Maintenance Manager  Gas CHP  to ****k plus benefits  Gatwick The successful applicant will either have a background in, or solid exposure to the energy sector. Demonstrable experience of District Energy Schemes and/or Combined Heat and Power (CHP) applications is a definite advantage. Overview: The role is challenging, varied and rewarding, but will require commitment and a proactive and flexible approach. The successful candidate will have the desire to progress and to drive this role forward and make it their own. Additional responsibilities and key tasks will be available for the right person to take forward. Although there are important technical aspects to this role, the right candidate must possess strong and demonstrable skills in managing a geographically diverse team, operating across crossfunctional teams, relationship building, maintaining good communication and prioritization in meeting internal and external Customer requirements. The Role: This role will demand a high standard of technical and operational excellence and previous experience together with the robust working practices needed to meet the challenges of this demanding operating environment. The ideal candidate will have demonstrable previous experience in this field and the relevant industry qualifications including: Deliverables: The Maintenance Manager is a key position in the successful delivery of operational contract obligations. The Maintenance Manager is empowered and responsible for the following key deliverables ensuring that: These Key Deliverables are at the core of this position. Every action taken by the Maintenance Manager should be done on the basis of ensuring that these are delivered. The Maintenance Manager will be required to report on these Key Deliverables to demonstrate that these are being delivered. In addition to these Key Deliverables there are a number of additional deliverables which the Maintenance Manager is responsible for, including: i. Work closely with the Site Contract Managers and Energy Services Manager to ensure CHP operation and resource allocation is closely aligned to the needs of the Schemes ii. Ensure that all client reporting requirements are met or exceeded iii. Build and sustain effective relationships with clients iv. Ensure all legislative, statutory and Customer specific duties and responsibilities are met v. Ensure that all PPMs, reactive and proactive maintenance works are carried out in accordance with best practice and contractual requirements to time and on budget vi. Ensure timely completion of all PPM documentation vii. Manage the safe and effective operation of the CHPs to ensure all strict requirements are met viii. Provide and deliver a programme of Continuous Improvement and initiatives including sharing best practice across the business ix. Provide the necessary regular reports on CHP engine performance x. Balance the resource allocation to ensure all planned activated are undertaken as well as responding to unplanned breakdowns and performance issues xi. Review monthly report for CHP performance and implement any action defined therein to ensure optimum plant operation. xii. Support specific operational teams to deliver improvements within challenging timescales and environments xiii. Support the operations function in specific and ad hoc projects xiv. Manage the operational staff under their control including ensuring that appropriate resources are provided at all times to meet critical operational demands Function: General: You will be expected to undertake any training necessary to ensure that you are able to undertake your duties effectively All activities are expected to improve over time Person Specification: Package Salary: Up to Company Car. Private Mileage Repayable Holiday: 23 days rising to 25 days after two years of completed service and by one day per five years of completed service thereafter to a maximum of 30 days Pension: Individual contributions may be made from commencement. The Company contributes 5% after one year of completed service and, after two years completed service, 7.5% if matched by an individual contribution of 2.5% Company Funded: Life Insurance Dental Plan Discretionary Bonus Scheme Childcare Voucher Scheme Commutable from south, southeast and southwest London, Crawley, Horsham, Royal Tunbridge Wells, Tonbridge, Brighton, Worthing, Guildford and surrounding areas. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CHPMaintenanceManagerGasCHPto****kGatwick_job****