Title: Mechanical Maintenance Engineer  Permanent Nights
Webindex: 69250443
Company: Omega Resource Group Ltd
Description: Mechanical Maintenance Engineer  Permanent Nights Up to **** per annum  Bonus  Benefits You will be required to work a permanent nightshift THIS ROLE IS BASED IN COVENTRY A large manufacturing company in Coventry require a Maintenance Engineer with an electrical bias to join their team. You will be required to carry out breakdown and repair maintenance on plant equipment, carry out planned preventive maintenance (PPM) in line with predetermined schedules and assist with training operators and craftsmen (where necessary). You may also undertake more complex and detailed project work when machine rebuilds or refurbishments are required. Qualifications / Experience Required: Mechanical Maintenance Experience in a Manufacturing Environment. Good interpersonal skills and the ability to communicate well at all levels. Experience in PPM (Planned Preventative Maintenance) . Responsibilities: Respond to machine breakdowns with a view to minimizing downtime and improving machine availability and reliability. Documenting activities and spares requirements used onto the work request system. To actively support a culture of Continuous Improvement, looking at ways to engineer our persistent problems. To support PPM activities within the business. You are expected to communicate and liaise with other departments and fellow maintenance engineers to ensure continuity of information between shifts. To attend Production, Quality, Engineering and associated meetings representing the maintenance department as and when necessary. In return for your skills and experience we are offering a competitive salary and an excellent benefits package. Please apply with full CV to rory.mcstayomegaresource.co.uk. All applications will be acknowledged and held in complete confidence. Thorough briefing will be undertaken prior to CV submission to the client. Omega Resource Group Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.