Title: EMEA Compliance Manager
Webindex: 68544611
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Our client is a major provider of various services to the pharmaceutical industry. They are looking for an experienced Compliance Manager to join their expanding team. The successful candidate will hold quality auditor status. Important Must have previous GxP compliance experience ideally with a pharmaceutical company. The Job OVERALL PURPOSE OF JOB Responsible for the upkeep of an efficient quality assurance system and culture within our clients Operation, by providing a high standard of quality guidance, advice and provide support on all matters of regulatory compliance. Ensure that our client deliver services that are compliant to the business and regions through liaison and cooperation within Operations and Quality Assurance personnel. Review the method for ensuring that all employees and any other persons employed under our clients direct control work to the account specific quality arrangements. Drive common training requirements across the EMEA region. Work with all COE groups to ensure alignment with all of our clients initiatives, projects to maintain compliance of the operations. Work with the our clients Global Quality lead to provide quality support, to ensure strategic resource placement and prioritization to enable compliance across Operations. Review of quality policies and procedures, writing contract and client specific procedure and instructions to link with and / or underpin our clients Service Support Management Systems. Represent the quality function at our clients meetings and presentations. Provide EMEA quality audit support including training and system setup. Undertake regional process analysis, developing common compliance methods and processes to drive standardization across the global operation. Promote continuous systems improvements and good practice. Ensure that all corrective and preventative actions are communicated to regional opetrations. Provide advice and support to our clients compliance teams and quality representatives, coordinators and operations personnel, maintaining a firm approach to ensure that policy and procedure are understood and followed. Monitor quality standards, including Orange Guide, and advise our clients personnel on regulatory requirements and good practice affecting the Account deliverables. Addressing compliance review and / or audit reports and recommending appropriate course of action. Understand customers business activities and needs, provide sound information and advice on our clients services and negotiate winwin solutions with customers Provide managerial, technical support as necessary to ensure that personnel are able to carry out their quality duties. Provide Compliance Teams with support to develop, update, maintain, and communicate Account plans, project lists and any other quality document that require expert input. Work closely with other members of the account management team to deliver on collective business plans To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK