Title: Principal /Senior Digital Hardware Design Engineer
Webindex: 71189073
Company: Ceema Technology Recruitment
Description: This is a multifaceted high technology company that designs, develops, manufactures and markets a diverse range of microelectronic and test and measurement products, for use in supporting communication systems, networks and automatic test systems. This specialist niche client seeks to recruit a Principal / Senior Digital Hardware Engineer to work in the existing Hardware Engineering team to help maintain existing and develop new FPGA and digital and analog PCB designs. The main duties/responsibilities for the role are:  PCB circuit design  from design to post manufacture verification, of circuits to support digital and RF sections  Specification, design, implementation, simulation and hardware testing of new designs and support of existing designs described in VHDL and implemented on FPGA/PLDs  Interaction with software, DSP, RF and business teams, at all stages of the product life cycle to understand system and low level requirements and module interfaces. Principal / Senior Digital Hardware Engineer candidates should hold a good university degree in electronic engineering, or a similar discipline. Previous experience of working in a lab environment using standard equipment such as: oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, power supplies, multimeters, spectrum analyzers, Xilinx chipscope etc is essential. Experience with the following tools is desirable: Spice, ModelSim, Matlab, Precision, Xilinx ISE/EDK, Tcl, Perl, Make, Cygwin, MS Office/Visio, ClearCase, Windows, DOS batch and Mentor PCB tools. The Principal / Senior Digital Hardware Engineer must also have experience of PCB circuit design: component selection, layout, schematic capture (ideally Mentor tools), board bring up and verification. Experience of ASIC/FPGA logic requirements, capture, design and implementation using VHDL, alongside FPGA development targeting Xilinx devices are also essential requirements to the role. It would be desirable for the candidate to have experience of taking DSP designs, specified as algorithms or in block diagram form and translating them to synthesizable RTL. It would also be desirable for the individual to have experience of working with the ****GPP mobile standard specifications (LTE, UMTS and GSM) and software define radio platforms. The successful Principal / Senior Digital Hardware Engineer must:  Posses key skills in PCB circuit design covering design for manufacture and test, power supplies, power budgeting, power/thermal dissipation, termination techniques, signal integrity, high speed design, analog circuit design to support digital and RF sections, layout.  Have a good understanding of clocking constraints and interfacing an FPGA to various hardware components such as ADC, DAC, I****C, SPI devices, level translators, power supplies, PROMs, oscillators, SDRAM, using various interconnect technology standards such as SerDes, DDR, LVCMOS, LVTTL, LVDS, Aurora, PCI, PCIe and sRIO.  Have a methodical low level and system level debugging skills and good VHDL coding skills, with a base knowledge of writing efficient and technology independent synthesizable code using RTL and structural styles.  Have a solid VHDL test strategy to provide the basis of a high quality regressing test environment making use of assertion based and numerical test vectors.  A sound knowledge of the FPGA design flow, from part selection to design to working bit file, is essential facilitated by the use of ModelSim, ISE and the EDK design tools. A good understanding of FPGA constraints is also required.  A working knowledge of bitrate, symbolrate and samplerate DSP, eg DDS, CIC, FIR, IIR, modulation, demodulation, LLR, Viterbi, Turbo, scrambling, interleaving, CRC, FFT would be highly desirable for the role. To apply for this challenging and interesting role, please forward your CV and covering letter, describing your suitability for the position. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PrincipalSeniorDigitalHardwareDesignEngineer_job****