Title: PROPOSALS ENGINEER  SAMPLING ANALYSIS
Webindex: 69084087
Company: i4 Recruitment
Description: Job Title: PROPOSALS ENGINEER SAMPLING SAMPLING Working within the proposals team, review formal enquiry and prepare subsequent quotation ensuring that the optimum product and system design is quoted to the potential customer, taking into account selection of components, process requirements, customerimposed space restrictions and access and maintenance requirements. Review and interpretation of customer specifications and national Communication, both written and verbal, with suppliers to obtain quotes for equipment and prepare estimates for budget and firm bids. Communication, both written and verbal, with customers to clarify their requirements and support the sales function. You will be required to work closely with the engineering department to create solutions for applications. Engineering will provide the expertise in equipment selection and overall design of solutions. Attend key meetings such as internal sales meetings, customer bid clarifications, contract award handovers and internal project closeouts. Maintain strict confidentiality on all matters relating to company business and look after the company s interests at all times. Continuously improve procedures and working practices Qualifications This role is autonomous in nature and, as such, selfmotivation and a high degree of maturity and responsibility are required. Ability to work with minimal supervision. A minimum engineering qualification is required in a mechanical, electrical or chemistry discipline. A degree is not essential but then strong practical experience should be demonstrated. Ideally this role requires some practical experience but this is not essential. Since this role requires the authoring of written proposals, basic computer skills in MS Excel, Word and the use of PDFs is required. Good communication and interpersonal skills, to include a high standard of English Language (both written and verbal). Highly Desirable Skills: Technical proposals experience in the field of online analytics or instrumentation. Direct oil Design or operational experience of hazardous area equipment. Knowledge of various industry sensor technologies, online process analysers, sample systems and online & offline sampling methods