Title: Internal Sales Engineer  Theale  ****k  IMMEDIATE OPENING
Webindex: 68568720
Company: London4Jobs
Description: You will join a valued distributor who specialise in the IT and Electronics industry and who are growing at an outstanding rate. Due to exciting internal promotions, there is now the opportunity to join in an Internal Sales position and develop a long term career. You will enjoy ongoing training and development, with regular pay reviews and the chance to climb up the career ladder rapidly. Responsibilities:  Create long lasting relationships with a variety of businesses.  Be the Key Account Manager for a range of customers.  Deal with enquiries with the support of an established technical team.  Aid sales administration and support Field Sales Executives.  Learn about new and market leading products. Requirements: You will require at least 12 years experience in a telesales or telemarketing position so that you are familiar with building rapport over the telephone. This organisation is seeking an outgoing and sales motivated candidate with a proven track record of exceeding goals. It will be beneficial to your application if you possess knowledge selling technology or technical products, and are looking to develop a long term career. You will enjoy the chance for proven career progression within this position and ample training opportunities. There will a competitive starting salary with commission allowing you to earn approximately ****k in your first year. You will enjoy an excellent working environment and the chance to enhance your career within this fast paced industry. Interested? Please contact me on N/A , or alternatively, email a copy of your CV to myself, gemma.bubb N/A .uk for immediate consideration. Commutable Locations  Theale, Goring, Reading, Shinfield, Earley, Wokingham, Binfield, Bracknell, Crowthorne, Sandhurst, Yateley, Bagshot, Camberley, Windlesham, Ascot, Twyford, Wargrave, Sonning Common, HenleyonThames, Maidenhead, Slough, Marlow, Hook, Basingstoke, Newbury, Cholsey, Didcot, Wallingford, Thatcham, Tadley. Keywords  IT Sales Executive, IT solutions sales Executive, IT Services Sales Executive, IT Sales Account Manager, IT solutions Account Manager, IT Services Account Manager, Managed Services, Professional services, Support services, Infrastructure solutions, virtualisation, storage solutions, networking solutions. This job was originally posted as N/A .uk/JobSeeking/InternalSalesEngineerTheale****kIMMEDIATEOPENING_job****