Title: Lead Electrical Electronics Engineer
Webindex: 69867986
Company: Advanced Resource Managers Limited
Description: Lead Electrical / Electronics EngineerNr Coventry, Warwickshirec****k This is a new opportunity for a proven electrical engineering team leader to join an expanding and successful engineering consultancy based in the Midlands. The company is well known for its work within the automotive sector but it also provides consultancy services to other domains (e.g. rail, defence, aerospace etc). Some of the company s services include design, development, test and validation and these are offered to automotive passenger car OEMs, military vehicle programmes, unmanned ground vehicle projects, aerospace and rail companies. As a team leader within the electrical and electronics group you will be responsible for overseeing the delivery of specialist engineering services to product groups and programmes across the company and for continuously developing an effective and cost efficient functional team. The role requires a mix of team leading resource management, ownership of project deliverables, quality and finances coupled with strong technical specialist knowledge and input. Although the team covers both electrical and electronic aspects of projects the bias would be towards electrical design and development. Technical areas of interest include: oElectrical/ electronic system requirements capture, physical and functional architecture design, through to system integration, Verification Validation (including systems fault analysis and troubleshooting) oAutomotive network and bus system design including: (e.g. CAN, LIN, TTP, MOST, Bluetooth, Flexray) oSpecifying and sizing electrical system components, cables and connectors oComponent design for special purpose or niche vehicles. E.g. EMC filters, Battery Management Systems, Mechatronic Control Modules for Unmanned Ground Vehicles oComponent interconnectivity and circuit design/ development using industry standard tools such as VeSys to include analysis of sneak paths, voltdrops, fuseblow times etc. oEV and HEV electrical system design including motors, high voltage battery systems, oWiring harness design Typical involvements (not exhaustive): Provision of staff guidance and direction including production of training and development plans, development and maintenance of a technology strategy roadmap, implementation of the technology strategy, tools, techniques and processes. Also recruitment planning, performance review, management of physical resources, Team resource deployment, support of Continuous Improvement plans and design life cycle processes (e.g. V model). Skills / Knowledge Required: oDegree in Electrical / Electronics Engineering Member of a recognised and relevant Institution oExtensive proven application of electrical system design and development role (ideally electrical and electronics within automotive / land vehicle or similar) oKnowledge of automotive product development lifecycle processes and systems oProven ability of building and developing strong teams, skills and resources oAble to manage the deployment of resources in a dynamic multifunction, cross industry engineering business, with an international client base oDemonstrable record of developing and deploying technical products, services and solutions in a highly complex and competitive engineering environment oContinued development of best practice in people, technology and budget management oAbility to present and influence strategic direction. Others (beneficial): oRelevant experience in automotive, defence vehicle and test automation sectors would be preferred oKnowledge of industrial control system, instrumentation, and / or data acquisition systems would be useful Some overseas travel may be required periodically Candidates may have to undergo UK MoD Security vetting in order to support some programmes