Title: Mechanical Maintenance Engineer  Food
Webindex: 70438913
Company: Cordius
Description: Mechanical Maintenance Engineer  Food **** A leading supplier of added value brands and customer branded foods are currently keen to expand their team of Maintenance Engineers. They are ideally seeking time served engineers from a Food, FMCG or Packaging background. The role will focus on continuous Improvements and planned maintenance, within a fast paced food manufacturing environment. Location: Leicester Salary: ****2,900 Shifts: Continental Days & Nights Skills: Fault finding, maintenance, electrical back up, mechanical, food experience The role will require you to: Work proactively and reactively within the production area, fixing production breakdowns and carrying out Planned & Preventative Maintenance (PPM) in allotted downtime. You will also be required to monitor and improve the plant were necessary. The role has a large variety of tasks and will suit an individual who enjoys autonomy and responsibility. You will be a time served mechanical maintenance engineer with a proven track record in mechanical engineering coupled with basic mechanical back up such as some 3 phase experience. The ideal candidate will have experience of fault finding from production equipment, possess some mechanical capabilities and have experience of food, packaging or process industries. The engineer in this role will utilise mechanical and electrical skills to ensure correct diagnosis this will include: Planned Maintenance  Ensure planned maintenance is carried out in line with the site schedule.  Liaise with Engineering Team Leaders and production to ensure tasks be completed when required.  Time served engineer with electrical knowledge and mechanical back up  Strong communication skills & a team player  Experience in a similar manufacturing environment (FMCG or chemical manufacturing) Due to the pace of this manufacturing environment, my client needs to appoint an engineer who can embrace their culture and hit the ground running