Title: Project Manager (Construction)
Webindex: 68807054
Company: Questech Recruitment Ltd
Description: THE ROLE Our client based in Yorkshire are looking for an experienced Project Manager to work in a construction organisation. The purpose of the role is to manage and coordinate the execution of contracts. DUTIES:  Participation in project review meetings and to lead design review meetings as required.  To manage the Project Budget System, keeping it up to date with valid and accurate information, allocating costs correctly to item/module numbers as appropriate.  To defend the budget and challenge technical specialists, suppliers, clients or manufacturing department when costs exceed budget. Target 85% of budget for all items.  Issue of drawings to client for approval / information as required.  To make use of the Buyer to issue enquiries as early as possible to give best opportunity to negotiate prices with suppliers.  To identify and gain client approval for Variation Orders when deviating from the agreed project scope. This applies to all stages of the project, including design, procurement, manufacture, haulage, installation and commissioning. Such VO s to be registered correctly on the Project Budget System  To keep the despatch list system up to date with required by dates.  Management of project timescales and planning, communication of changes to all relevant parties.  To prepare and keep up to date a project plan for each project.  Management of the Project File to ensure that a written record of all correspondence is maintained, particularly anything which may be of contractual significance. This applies to paper and electronic versions alike.  Management and coordination of the design process including Process Design, Draughting, Design Risk Assessment, Explosion Hazard Review and Design Review (internal and with client when applicable)  Coordination with client through the design, manufacture, procurement, installation and commissioning process to ensure the project is delivered on time and to budget.  Coordination of delivery of documentation to client, including drawings for information/ approval, quality plan, installation and commissioning risk assessments and method statements and Operation Maintenance Manuals.  To provide senior management with reports by exception when problems, errors, omissions or any other problems with the potential to raise contractual issues arise.  To arrange and attend regular progress meetings with client and take minutes of meeting. This applies through life of the project, including design, manufacture, installation and commissioning as appropriate.  Preparation of Construction Phase Health and Safety Plan for site installation activities.  Management of site installation and commissioning activities, including resource planning, preparation of risk assessments, method statements and crane plans. ROLE REQUIREMENTS:  Must have good IT skills with working knowledge of MS Office suite.  HNC or similar qualification in an Engineering discipline.  Experience of managing engineering / construction process in the process industries.  Excellent team working, communication and presentation skills.  The confidence and ability to engage with the senior management team. THE PACKAGE You Will be paid a basic salary of between **** to **** / annum (depending on experience) plus benefits, including a bonus scheme and pension scheme