Title: Waste Management  Junior/ Trainee Manager
Webindex: 72296425
Company: HRGO Recruitment Ltd
Description: Our client is seeking a Junior / Trainee Manager for a busy unit, within the Waste Management industry, to join their established and developing business. Managing a team of supervisors and industrial operatives, this person should be pursuing a challenging management opportunity where ideas to improve the department can be voiced and listened to. It is essential that whilst this person has experience of managing / supervising a team that this is hands on experience. Enthusiasm to work with the team rather than oversee from a separate office in order to learn the day to day running of the business understanding the positive and negative elements of the team, work and environment is important. Daily Responsibilities:  Day to day management of the unit / site  Agree site recycling and diversion targets with senior management, ensure checks are in place to monitor efficiencies and productivity.  Ensure the team achieve recycling and diversion targets and all actions identified through audit procedures.  Quality control of materials processed  Manage site purchasers, suppliers and ensure all company procedures on procurement are followed  Lead and motivate the team  Ensure all budgeted posts are correctly manned, control overtime and agency expenditure inline with business needs.  Deal with all staffing issues including staff performance, training and development, investigations and inductions.  Manage sickness, absence and disciplinary processes  Site inspections.  Producing reports for senior management, and reporting environmental issues.  Preparing corrective action plans, if required, and completing said actions.  Essential Experience, Education Qualifications  Good level of education. Minimum of Maths and English GCSE A  C  Good understanding of Health and Safety  Good people skills; be able to communicate at all levels  Good numerate and written skills  Good organisation skills and to be self motivated  Able to meet targets and deadlines  Able to lead by example Reporting directly to the Operations Manager this person will ideally have a proven track record in waste management, mining quarrying or another processing industry. The ideal candidate will be someone to aspire to and will have a real drive to impress and succeed. A firm but fair management approach is important and the ambition to develop and progress is essential. This manager will graft to get the very best results out of existing team. Hours of work are Monday  Friday, 8.00am  5.00pm however flexibility is naturally required at this level. Please bear in mind that you may not hear from us straight away. Due to the high level of applications we receive every day, we can only respond to applicants whose skills and qualifications are suitable for this position. If you would like to be considered for similar and future positions, or for a complete listing of all our current vacancies, please visit our website.