Title: Project Manager Asset Management Team  South East London
Webindex: 70675400
Company: Randstad
Description: Project Manager My client has **** x Project Manager Positions in South East London; this is a permanent position working directly for a Housing Association dealing with new build and refurbishments. Main Duties and Responsibilities  Ensure that schemes are completed within the company s policy on scheme approvals and associated risk and that grant claims are completed in accordance with the project timetable.  Secure and deliver new business against plans and targets to achieve the highest level of performance and customer satisfaction.  Ensure that schemes represent good value for money and comply with the company s standards also ensuring that they meet funder s requirements.  Establish and maintain appropriate contacts with building contractors, consultants and other agencies involved in housing development and actively promote the company s development service externally.  Work closely with colleagues in other departments to ensure the accurate provision of information on programme performance and handover.  Liaise with colleagues and manage external consultants to ensure effective performance and delivery of their duties To be considered for this position you must have;  Proven track record in project management and negotiation.  FullUKdrivers licence and own transport  Experience of Development project management of social rent, home ownership, supported housing or market rent schemes  Knowledge of external fundraising methods.  Technical skills.  Proven customer service experience.  Good attention to detail.  Ability to work under pressure and to deadlines.  Ability to manage project budgets and control expenditure.  Excellent oral and written communications  Excellent knowledge of Microsoft Office Location: SouthEast London Duration: Permanent Remuneration: pound;**** pa (starting salary) If you have the relevant experience and or would like to find out more please give me a call on **** **** **** or please forward me your current CV We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.