Title: Process Control Specialist
Webindex: 69997320
Company: Taskmaster
Description: A Chemical manufacturing giant, with **** manufacturing facilities over **** continents, has retained the services of Taskmaster Resources to recruit a Process Control Specialist to work at their Yorkshire based plant on a staff basis. This is a unique and exciting opportunity to join a firm with world class manufacturing facilities and a truly global reach. Responsibilities Accountabilities Undertakes Process Control Group work such that it complies with relevant site and legislative SHE requirements, including process safety management requirements such as Process Hazard Analysis, Management of Change and Control of DCS Workstations. Participates in Process Safety Management systems e.g. PHA's, PHR's, SIL Assessments, Incident investigations  providing knowledge and expertise on all Process Control matters. Undertakes actions relating to Process Control arising from change orders, audits, inspections, PHA's, PHR's, RCA,s etc. Undertakes the specification, maintenance and ensures the continuing reliability of the DCS, ESD and PI Data Historian systems hardware and software installed on site Identifies, develops and participates in Process Control projects from initial conception and specification through to final implementation and commissioning. This will involve multidisciplinary teams including also Project Engineering contractors, external vendors and consultants. Provides day to day Process Control support for the plant, including out of hours support. Identifies and implements opportunities where improvements in safety, environmental performance, reliability, cost and/or rate may be realised by improvements in process Control. Performs, where necessary, additional training for personnel in other departments in the use of the control systems and data historian. Participates in multidisciplinary teams to investigate and implement best business case solutions to production and reliability issues. Provides troubleshooting input to faultfind and resolve plant and / or system problems through the diagnostic utilisation of the Process Control systems. Participates in discussions with other sites as well as with UK Regulatory authorities and implements corporate and industry best practices and, where appropriate, developed for new installations. Provides appropriate electronic and hardcopy documentation relating to Process Control systems and configuration and maintains, where appropriate, that documentation up to date. Undertakes changes to Trip Schedules and alarm databases in accordance with approved modifications / additions to plant control. Participates in and acts on control system alarm management studies. Undertakes the implementation of best practice humanmachine interface (HMI) for the control room operators and the DCS. Ensures that frequent, regular backups are made of the configuration databases and stored as defined in the process control procedure. Updates and maintains Process Control documentation in the appropriate format For the right candidate there is a competitive salary package on offer, plus 10% bonus of salary (subject to completing site corporate KPI's), plus attractive pension scheme. This is a truly unique opportunity to become part of globally recognised brand. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProcessControlSpecialist_job****