Title: Senior Highways Engineer  LEEDS  Negotiable Benefits
Webindex: 68099148
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: Senior Highways Engineer  LEEDS  Negotiable Benefits A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an experienced Senior Highways Engineer to join a distinguished and established multidisciplinary consultancy. With an involvement in a wide range of services, and renowned for their work within the Transport Sector, this is a great chance to further your career and share your expertise. The ideal Senior Highways Engineer will have a proven track record in providing technical advice to clients of a wide range of projects, and have excellent experience in Highways PPP Projects and project management. You will ideally be a Chartered Engineer with a good experience of Infrastructure projects and preferably have experience in multidisciplinary teams. Previous experience as a Highways Engineer is essential, alongside excellent communication and an ability to lead a team and liaise with clients. As a Senior Highways Engineer you will hold many responsibilities including project management of PPP Projects within Infrastructure. You will liaise with clients and deal with lenders and major contractors, alongside preparing due diligence and feasibility reports. If you are hardworking and looking to progress your career within Highways Engineering then this role is for you. A competitive salary and benefits package is on offer to the right candidate. Commutable locations include Leeds, Huddersfield, Wakefield, York, Manchester, Barnsley and Badford. Interested? For an initial, noncommittal discussion about this vacancy or other opportunities in the environmental sector, please do not hesitate to call Isabel Stephens of Penguin Recruitment on **** **** **** Alternatively you can email your CV and we'll call you back. Emails to: isabel.stephenspenguinrecruitment.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorHighwaysEngineerLEEDSNegotiableBenefits_job****