Title: Quality Surveillance Engineer  Electrical
Webindex: 69693798
Company: Parsons Brinckerhoff Ltd
Description: Quality Surveillance Engineer  Electrical UK wide (****k depending on experience / qualifications plus significant potential for O/T) Purpose and objectives: To carry out quality assurance and inspection activities of a wide range of equipment and plant, including (but not limited to) power generation, transmission distribution, and nuclear applications. Relationships: Quality Surveillance Engineers interface with many other Quality Services staff, including the following; Operations Manager, Project Managers, Contracts Manager, Project Assistants, and other Quality Surveillance Engineers. Main Duties:  Inspection, progressing and expediting of a wide range of equipment at manufacturing locations worldwide.  Review and approval of inspection and test plans, and manufacturing programmes.  Ensure that assignment activities are performed in accordance with action requests and that client requirements, relevant contractual codes/standards and corporate requirements are met.  Liaise with contractors and ensure that assignment requirements are understood.  Report assignment activities in a timely manner and in accordance with requirements.  Liaise with the client as appropriate throughout the performance of the assignment.  Advise any circumstances which may result in deviations from contract requirement or additional time expenditure on assignments.  Ensure that assignments are completed to the satisfaction of the client and within the agreed budget.  Comply with the company and departmental quality management system and procedures.  Comply with the company and departmental health, safety and environmental policies and procedures. Other Duties  Where appropriate, act as task manager for assignments, which will include the following duties;  Liaise with clients and determine scope of activities.  Prepare estimates of time and expenses required to carry out assignments.  Monitor the performance of assignments and review activities to ensure that assignment requirements are achieved.  Monitor overall assignment budget expenditure and take appropriate actions where necessary. Any other Relevant Comments: The nature of the job is such that a flexible attitude is essential with respect to travel and working hours. A considerable amount of travel (including overseas) should be expected, including travel on weekends when necessary. In order to achieve the objectives of certain tasks, it may be necessary to work relatively long hours or shifts, sometimes for extended periods, but not exceeding limits identified in current legislation. Qualifications and Experience: Qualifications: Essential:  HNC or equivalent minimum Desired:  Engineering Degree  Chartered Engineer Experience: Essential:  Experience in electrical engineering or quality assurance/quality systems engineering. Desired:  Knowledge of or experience working on HV electrical plant but in particular  Rotating plant Generators; Motors, Synchronous Compensators.  Wound Products Power Transformers; Reactors; Quadrature Boosters; GSU Transformers; Auxiliary Transformers; Distribution Earthing Transformers.  Cables EHV/HV/MV/LV AC DC Cables; Fibre Optical Cable. Skills  Able to communicate effectively with colleagues, clients and contractors at all levels.  Capable or working independently or as a member of a team.  Able to produce clear and concise written reports.  PC literate and familiar with word processing and spreadsheet applications.  Good time management skills.  Methodical and capable of managing own personal schedule including travel arrangements.