Title: Design Consultancy Manager  PERM  Tyne & Wear
Webindex: 69599314
Company: England Associates
Description: Design Consultancy Manager  PERM  Tyne Wear Engineering Division Salary  Up to ****k  package The purpose of this role is to develop and manage a Design Consultancy business of professionals within the Engineering Division. This is an exciting opportunity to develop our existing consultancy business within the Engineering service, maximising the benefits and potential growth of the Partnership and continuing to develop our Highways, Civils and Transport Consultancy services to Clients across the region and further afield. Crucially, the role will also involve close collaboration with front line delivery teams within the partnership. We are seeking a highly motivated individual who will play a key role in continuing the growth and development of an already successful team. Essential Experience/Skills This role will be based in our offices in North Tyneside. However, travelling may be required to other offices and sites. Requirements: (Essential) The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate experience of below: • Manage and direct a team of technical employees and take ownership of performance. • Visibly support the partnership objectives. • Take ownership of financial and business performance through the MOB process. • Be able to prioritise work and complete within deadlines. • Be qualified to Chartered status of the ICE, IStructE, IHT or MRITP (or equivalent), or if not, make a commitment to become Chartered or equivalent within 6 months. • Have the ability to identify potential clients and markets and secure new commissions. • Have extensive project and programme management experience. • Successfully promote the activities of the team across the partnership and externally. • Assist the Business Development Manager with wider business development activities, as required. • Have experience of leadership and direct line management responsibilities including performance management, resource planning, supporting training and development of staff and improving staff welfare. Desired Experience/Skills • Have excellent organisational skills. • Be able to demonstrate successful leadership skills. • Establish and maintain excellent working relationships with Clients and deliver quality services to maximise opportunities for repeat business. • Be able to communicate with people effectively in a friendly courteous manner and through good presentation skills. • Hold a full UK driving licence. • Be proficient in a wide range of IT skills including Microsoft Office (including Microsoft Project). Personal Attributes Expected Behaviours As part of our partnership objectives in line with our values, we ask all our staff to: • Lead by example • Encourage, nurture and mentor junior members of staff • Be honest and open • Demonstrate respect for colleagues and strong teamwork • Demonstrate a sense of pride in a job well done • Focus on solutions rather than problems To apply for this role please forward your CV to s.clisbyearecruit.co.uk ASAP This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DesignConsultancyManagerPERMTyneWear_job****