Title: German Speaking Functional Analyst  SaaS, Cloud  London
Webindex: 62530735
Company: Randstad
Description: One of the most successful companies within the Software as a Service (SaaS) space is looking to hire a German speaking Functional Analyst to compliment their London based professional services team. The role of Functional Analyst will require you to work with clients post implementation / go live and is a highly specialised position with numerous challenges and responsibilities. In this role you will strive to become an expert in the company s flagship application. One of the best parts about this role is that it is both reactive and proactive. It s reactive in that you will work with clients when they identify an issue with the application but there are also small client projects that you will run independently. The successful candidate will be customer focussed, results oriented and will demonstrate a minimum of 18 months experience supporting customers and making changes to a web based system  SaaS would be great, but a CRM or ERP System would also be good as there are many transferable skills. Fluency in German is essential for this role as is the ability to operate effectively within a fast moving and ever changing environment. This is a fantastic opportunity to work for a company who really invest in their employees with targeted training and development opportunities designed to keep you at the top of your game and ahead of the pack. The environment is support and knowledge sharing and encourages team working. You will gain a unique sense of empowerment, because your contribution will be recognised from day one. Typical career paths for Functional Analyst include  Solutions Consultant, Implementation Consultant and Application Architects Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills amp; qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. Skills Functional Analyst consultant SaaS software cloud web crm erp support taleo oracle fieldglass peoplefluent successfactors sap recruitment staffing