Title: Supportability / Systems Engineers
Webindex: 69217314
Company: Mass Consultants Ltd
Description: Highly successful Defence Organisation based in Stevenage, Hertfordshire is currently looking to recruit ****x Supportability / Systems Engineers.  A strong background in the Defence and/or Aerospace Industry is required for these roles.  Please Note: you must be able to gain SC (Secret Level) Security Clearance if you're not already cleared to that level. The salary on offer is around ****k  ****k  Outstanding benefits. Job Description: These positions offer well rounded degree qualified (or equivalent experienced) engineers a real opportunity to influence future projects and provide an excellent vehicle for future career enhancement and promotion. The organisation is looking for qualified engineers who can think logically, systematically and possess problem solving abilities and a 'cando' outlook. If someone wishes to broaden their experience across the product lifecycle, this is an ideal opportunity for them. Ideal Candidates will:  Be degree qualified in a Technical discipline or have relevant system engineering experience.  Have experience of working in development contracts. It is not necessary that a candidate is experienced in Support, any technical discipline experience will be considered. Appropriate training will be available.  Be working as or have worked as a systems engineer dealing with requirement setting, developing technical solutions and demonstrating that solutions are fit for purpose.  Possible that exmilitary staff will have relevant experience having reached and been working at officer rank.  Ideally have broad engineering experience in both the development and inservice phases of projects.  Have customer facing skills and be able to communicate and negotiate at a high level. Role will include:  Support the development of the Project Support/ILS Strategy during bid phase and cascade this through the Supply Chain. Work jointly, as requested, with Customer in developing this strategy.  Overall responsibility for the implementation of the Customer's contractual ILS requirements, through all phases of the project life cycle.  Working across the entire lifecycle tailoring the Support Design methods to suit the phase of the programme.  Work closely with the Logistics modelling team to scope the modelling tasks required and assess the modelling output.  Carry out sensitivity studies around Support Solutions ensuring that operational use, maintenance policy,  Development and subsequent maintenance of the InService Support Plan (ISP) and all subelement plans.  Attend MoD Programme, Design and ILS Reviews and ensure ILS project drivers are fully understood, considered and associated risks and their impact(s) are actioned. Skills & Knowledge:  Degree qualified or relevant experience, with a Systems Engineering background  Conversant with MoD Support Assessment criteria  Well developed planning and organisational skills  Highly developed communication skills.  Track record of managing a number of varied projects successfully.  Negotiating and influencing skills  Able to delegate effectively.  Strong Customer focus both internally & externally supportability systems engineer doors stevenage south east hertfordshire london cambridge defence defense engineering aerospace sc dv security clearance missile missiles weapon