Title: Compliance Manager  Cardiff
Webindex: 69669126
Company: Randstad
Description: A Compliance Manager is required for a medium sized contractor based in the Cardiff area. Essentially the role will be providing administrative and compliance support to the Health and Safety Manger. Job Description Implementation activities (fully supported by external Consultant)  Responsibility for all ISO 9001 amp; ISO 14001 implementation (supported by Managing Director, H amp;S Manager and Company Secretary)  Identification and recoding of tasks required to ensure legal compliance (environmental) and obtaining documentation to support this.  Updating of environmental and legal registers.  Ensuring all Waste amp; Environmental licences and transfer note records are maintained.  Monitoring and measurement of agreed environmental KPI s.  Management of document request process.  Monitor and manage the closure of actions from management review meetings. Ongoing activities:  Management of environmental legislation updates and the associated actions where applicable.  Updating of environmental and legal registers.  Development and monitoring of quality and environmental improvement plans.  Ensuring all Waste amp; Environmental licences and transfer note records are maintained.  Monitoring and measurement of agreed environmental KPI s.  Management of nonconformance, corrective and preventative action process.  Management of document request process.  Monitor and manage the closure of actions from management review meetings.  Collate and monitor subcontractor and supplier quality amp; environmental performance data.  Undertake environmental and quality internal audits (certified training required).  Delivery of quality and environmental quot;toolbox talks quot; to site.  Act as company representative for quality, environmental and H amp;S matters.  Manage all documentation and keep up to date (manuals, procedures, forms and documents).  Support the tendering process with quality, environmental and H amp;S data. Ad Hoc Duties  Support with general office duties  Ad hoc support finance support Excellent opportunity for the right indivual. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills administrative, organisational, compliance