Title: Project Manager / Senior Design Engineer
Webindex: 71685709
Company: Recruitment Holdings Ltd
Description: Project Manager / Senior Design Engineer My Client is a design and manufacturer of medical products who are currently looking to recruit a Project Manager / Senior Design Engineer. You will be responsible for successful completion of new product development projects ensuring this is in line with Company strategy and customer requirements, on time and within budget. Responsibilities will include: Project management including project planning and development process documentation. Active involvement in development work and, as appropriate for a given project, management of project team members to ensure timely delivery of defined outputs. Conducting internal and external reviews (customer, supplier) Development of practical and, where appropriate, innovative product design solutions to best meet enduser requirements within cost / technology constraints. Design, draughting and generation of other project documents Design analysis, including simulation (FEA) and lab testing and reporting Generation of all design outputs for implementation of product supply to market and engineering design support for inservice product. Provide graphics outputs for labelling, product brochures and preliminary marketing Provide support to Product Manager Work to internationally recognised standards including process, design, testing and drawing standards. Competences to include: Good interpersonal and relationshipbuilding skills Ability to encourage people to communicate effectively and, through example and expertise, create a participative and involved atmosphere. Confident, strong verbal and written communication skills combined with the ability to absorb and impart factual information to others. Strong analytical skills and ability to evaluate and interpret data objectively A practical approach to problem solving and keen awareness of enduser requirements Skills and Experience You must be able to demonstrate a track record of managing product development projects, preferably within a regulated industry Demonstrable track record of successful product design Strong analytical competency Strong computational skills including MS Office skills and high level of competency in CAD (Solidworks) and FEA (theory and software). Education and Qualifications The candidate will hold at least a degree in engineering / product / industrial or equivalent theoretical and practical knowledge attained through vocational studies and experience. Evidence of continued professional development training, which may include membership of a relevant professional body Desirable Project management training (e.g PRINCE****)