Title: MECHANICAL PROJECT ENGINEER  Suffolk
Webindex: 68804943
Company: Randstad
Description: Our client is one of the most experienced specialist mechanical and electrical engineering and facilities services companies, with more than 100 years of experience. They provide a total life cycle of care for a facility, including the design, build and installation of mechanical and electrical systems, then the ongoing maintenance of these services and the provision of integrated facilities management. They are now seeking to expand on their current succesful team in the Bury St Edmunds office and are seeking to take on an experienced Mechanical Project Engineer The role: Successfully delivering the mechanical services under the direction of the Project Manager or Senior Project Engineer, ensuring such activities are in line with the Achieving the Best  Together strategy amp; meet operational, financial, commercial, legislative, health, safety amp; environmental standards amp; targets. Supervision of other engineers amp; supervisors when necessary.  To Develop amp; maintain positive amp; pro active relationships with the client s team amp; ensure successful outcomes of our Achieving the Best  Together strategy.   Advise Senior Management of potential opportunities they may gain knowledge of amp; actively promote a positive company image.   Be aware of our Customer Care Programme amp; respond to any issues appropriately.   Attend tender strategies amp; bid settlements amp; provide support where appropriate.   Undertake the required actions and activities to achieve all project targets at the appropriate time.  Assist the relevant design team to ensure that all design information is provided in line with project budgets/timescales, promoting innovation amp; compliance.   Provide detailed amp; accurate information for the contract health report as requested by the Project Manager/Surveyor. Provide information to the Quantity Surveyor to enable full recovery of measured works, valuations, materials on site amp; delay/disruption claims.   Understand amp; implement the commercial strategy for the project. Monitor compliance with the contract conditions, record all delays amp; maintain all necessary records.  Monitor all activities under your control to ensure timely delivery in accordance with the programme.   Identify changes to the scope of work amp; assist with the variation process. Provide information to allow the impact to be assessed for cost change, installation periods amp; project completion.  Monitor the labour performance amp; compliance with the PMS productivity plan for the project. Implement innovation amp; compliance.  Effectively motivate, manage amp; control all staff working under their control including Assistant Engineers, Apprentices, Trainees, contract staff etc to maintain good employee relations.   Understand the project risk register amp; notify the Project Manager of any relevant issues to give early warning amp; enable the implementation of corrective plans for mitigation.   Check the technical amp; project compliance of all quotations received for subcontract, plant amp; material aspects of a project amp; in conjunction with the Procurement Team, ensure procurement targets for the project are achieved.   In conjunction with the Project Manager, implement the projectspecific Quality Plan amp; monitor compliance.   In conjunction with the Procurement Team, monitor the achievement of KPIs amp; report potential issues to the Project Manager to help mitigate amp; improve performance.   Monitor commissioning progress amp; verify that all the appropriate tests have been witnessed by the relevant parties. Ensure the O amp;M manuals amp; As Fitted drawings (or final construction drawings) are being progressed throughout the contract period and that are completed amp; issued. Check that all Client Training has been provided amp; attendance recorded. Clear all remaining items amp; achieve zero defects at handover.   Undertake any actions required for the Soft Landings arrangements required on the project. Provide any updated information required for the O amp;M Manual.   Promote a positive safety culture amp; ensure the project complies with all appropriate Safety Health amp; Environmental requirements amp; fulfil your individual responsibilities.   Assist with the delivery of the project amp; client specific key objectives.   Understand the Achieving The Best  Together project objectives. Implement and monitor progress against the agreed objectives to ensure they are achieved. In exchange for relevant experience and commitment to their business, they offer an attractive remuneration package including Company Car, Company Pension amp; Medical Health cover. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills Mechanical Project engineer building services construction