Title: Field Service Technicians
Webindex: 67369432
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment
Description: Field Service Technician London (South East / South West) (SE, SW, CR, TW, BR, DA, KT Postcodes) Contract ****  **** per hour A fantastic opportunity for a Service Technician to join a specialist, Niche Company who will invest in your training and development and offer lots of possibilities to progress within the company. This company will provide lots of opportunities to top up your basic salary with a standby Rota and overtime as well as providing a company vehicle. This organization is a service company specializing in the design, repair, installation and maintenance of a variety of Epos based gaming and betting machines. They have a number of different contracts with diverse companies varying from the independent vendor to large, blue chip organizations. This company also has service contracts with several wellknown manufacturers. The organization has just gained several new contracts and as a result is looking to expand their nationwide service team to ensure their reputation for a high level of service continues. The successful candidate will be working from home and be involved in the mechanical and electrical installation, repair and maintenance of a variety of gaming machines. Full training will be provided. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a specialist company and be in a stable working environment. The Role: Electrical installation of specialist machines Managing your own order book to ensure you are equipped to do the job. Covering the M25 area (SE, SW, CR, TW, BR, DA, KT Postcodes) Full training provided. Vehicle provided. The Person: Good electrical knowledge. Ideally you will have experience of working as a Field Service Engineer. The flexibility to work varied hours as and when required. The willingness and eagerness to learn new skills Highly motivated individual Field Service, Engineer, Engineering, Electrical, Field Service Engineer, Mechanical, Fault Finding, Service, Repairs, Maintenance, Commercial Catering, White Goods, Coffee Machines, vending, gaming