Title: Automotive engineers both Mechanical and Electrical
Webindex: 72442137
Company: SPECTRUM PROCURE LIMITED
Description: Automotive Engineers of all skills required for Coventry UK . Salaries commensurate with experience please forward your to garyspectrumprocure.com . Please ensure IF contacting us from abroad that you have your eligibility to work in the UK documents up to date please  Job Description Improving processes to drive industryleading results. Sharing innovative ideas with talented specialists who are at the top of their game. Seeing a groundbreaking new vehicle roll off the production line – and knowing you played a part in its peerless global success. These are the kind of moments that only happen to our client’s people. These are the kind of moments that could define your career. Our engineers are truly worldclass. And that’s reflected in the varied responsibilities you’ll enjoy here. You’ll be accountable for processes that enable us to deliver industryleading luxury vehicles that capture the hearts and minds of the world’s most discerning drivers. What’s more, you’ll be expected to proactively refine and improve our processes on a daily basis. You’ll monitor processes and internal audits, introduce product changes and assist with delivery schedules. You’ll provide technical support for manufacturing processes, warranty investigations and reports, and you’ll manage change projects. And you’ll bring to the role a flexible approach that equips you to work in any area of the plant – from Press or Body Construction, through to Assembly, Paint and Quality. Candidate Profile Qualified to degree level, you have a track record of using lean/continuous improvement tools and waste management techniques within a quality focussed manufacturing environment. And that’s not all. To be equal to this unrivalled challenge, you’ll need to demonstrate a varied skillset taking in the management and analysis of data and cost benefits, the production of metrics, the development of plans with defined objectives, and structured problem solving. Ideally, you’ll have a proven talent for presenting solutions in a compelling way and leading teams to deliver process improvements. Building strong networks and relationships with a broad range of talented colleagues and key stakeholders, you’ll need a flair for communicating clear objectives, progress and obstacles, and coaching workstream leads. For most posts, you’ll need the ability to work a combination of day and night shifts. Whether you’re refining our manufacturing processes as a Production Engineer, raising standards as a Quality Engineer or optimising the performance of the facility as a Plant Engineer, you’ll stay focused on delivering flawless production – and, of course, flawless vehicles. Benefits Our employees have access to a privilege car purchase scheme, membership of a competitive pension plan, performance related bonus scheme and 26 days holiday entitlement. Please note, we reserve the right to close or extend this position depending on application numbers. Therefore we would urge candidates to submit an application as early as possible. Please read the information on our vacancies carefully as you are required to make one application only (multiple applications will be withdrawn). Our client will review your application throughout the recruitment process and you will be considered for alternative roles at every stage of the process. Company Description The customer is the ultimate destination for anyone wanting a career in the automotive industry, or simply for anyone wishing to work for a progressive and globally regarded organisation. We have a rich and enviable heritage, and because of our renown for engineering excellence and innovative design, a certain and exciting future is guaranteed. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AutomotiveengineersbothMechanicalandElectrical_job****