Title: Mechanical Drafter  Material/Powder Handling
Webindex: 71821421
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment
Description: Mechanical Drafter  Material/Powder Handling Greater Manchester  commutable from Manchester, Stockport, Macclesfield, Warrington, Bolton, Oldham Contract Are you an experienced Mechanical Drafter from a Material/Powder handling background looking for a new technical challenge in Greater Manchester? On offer is a rolling contract with the possibility to go permanent for a major engineering company who are the worldwide market leader in their respective field. They are going through an exciting period of growth and are looking for a Mechanical Drafter to join a team of technical specialist in their most recent project. My client has a budget of **** per hour for the right candidate but appreciates exceptional candidates may cost more. To be considered for this position you must be an experienced Mechanical Drafter with vast experience working with in a material/powder handling environment with previous experience working with pneumatic conveyor systems. The CAD package being used for this project is AutoCAD so candidates must be proficient in the use of CAD package. The job is basically going onto the site and conducting all the measurements which will enable you to produce the general arrangements drawings for the pipework, piping support, screw conveyor supports etc. Once these are completed, the drawing will be sent to a subcontractor to produce the final detailed designs. This position is an urgent requirement and I have interview slots confirmed for Wednesday 6th February. To have an increased chance of being seen for an interview I would recommend candidates send me a covering email along with their CV. Covering email should briefly state what previous experience you have that are relevant to the position being advertised. Basically explain why you feel you are the right man for the job. If you do this I will call you. The Role: Going onto the site and conducting all the measurements  Produce the general arrangements drawings for the pipework, piping support, screw conveyor supports The Person:  Experienced Mechanical Drafter Material/Powder handling background Pneumatic conveyor systems experience Available for immediate start and interview on Wednesday 6th February Keywords: Mechanical Drafter, Material/Powder Handling, Manchester, Stockport, Macclesfield, Warrington, Bolton, Oldham, AutoCAD, pipework, piping support, screw conveyor supports, Please contact Shane Neale on (Apply online only) or email me your CV and Covering email at