Title: Principal FPGA Engineer
Webindex: 67946147
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Our Client is a leader in defence electronics markets, with a distinctive strength in airborne mission critical systems and a wide range of capabilities for the battlefield and for homeland security applications. Important VHDL, Atera, Xilinx and DO**** The Job Principal FPGA Engineer Job Description The firmware discipline in Edinburgh is looking for an experienced Principal FPGA Engineer to strengthen the currently highly skilled function. The successful candidate will have a track record in the design of complex FPGAs. Proven team leadership skills, or the potential amp; willingness to undertake a design team lead role, is a prerequisite Key Responsibility Areas: Design of Complex FPGA devices utilising the latest FPGA technologies from XILINX amp; Altera. Design Team Leadership. Skills, Qualifications amp; Knowledge: The prospective candidate must be experienced in the principles of firmware design and capable of carrying out FPGA design work using a structured design process. The following skills and experience are required: VHDL based FPGA design and verification techniques. Familairity with Mentor Graphics FPGA Development tools including HDL Designer, Modelsim and Precision. Familiarity with firmware development to RTCA DO**** Specification of complex timing and area constraints for efficient place and route. Familiarity with current Altera amp; XILINX FPGA Technologies. Ability to analyse system level documents and derive detailed FPGA requirements under own initiative. Work Package Management and Team Leadership Experience. Personal Attributes: Good at working in multidisciplinary engineering team. Self motivated. Willing to take responsibility; good supervisory skills. Intrinsic Job Factors This is an office based role using display screen equipment working full time hours which can often be in a demanding environment. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK