Title: Offshore Oil and Gas Structural Engineering Specialist
Webindex: 48293775
Description: An international Oil Gas engineering consultancy is recruiting for an Offshore Oil Gas Structural Engineering Specialist to be based in their Woking office. This leading global consultancy is head quartered in the UK but have established offices in Houston, KL and Perth. As a business they are recognised for their capabilities in engineering, analysis and the design of risers and subsea structures for the offshore oil and gas industry. Recruiting due to continual demand and market buoyancy the appointed Offshore Oil Gas Structural Engineering Specialist will be responsible for performing design calculations and analyses of offshore structures considering fabrication, installation and inservice loading. In addition to this they will have the ability to produce high quality written technical reports and to liaise effectively with other engineers, clients and suppliers. The ideal Offshore Oil Gas Structural Engineering Specialist will: Have a minimum of 5 years experience in structural analysis, preferably in the Offshore /Subsea industry (knowledge of jackets, topside and steel/concrete frames is desirable). Be proficient in finite element analysis. Have a knowledge of industry design codes and standards. An understanding of fatigue damage calculation techniques, detailing of structural connections and relevant fabrication techniques. Have a familiarity of industry standard software, ideally including SACS and ANSYS. Be degree level educated in a relevant subject. Have strong planning, organization and supervision skills. Have excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills. The Package / Benefits include: Highly competitive salary Payment of professional membership fees 25 days holiday increasing during length of service Life Assurance Medical insurance Relocation assistance Flexible working hours If this position is of interest to you please contact Dav Sehmi on **** **** **** for a confidential discussion.