Title: Deputy Head of Pharmaceutical Production
Webindex: 72247621
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction The role of our client is to provide an integrated approach to protecting UK public health through the provision of support and advice to the NHS, local authorities, emergency services, other arms length bodies, and the Department of Health. Important Experience in pharmaceutical manufacturing of Biologics The Job Responsibilities: Manage and develop all activities associated with the requirements within the production manufacturing department consisting of Pilot scale Fermentation and Recovery, Downstream Processing, GMP Containment and Aseptic Processing including filling and Freezedrying. Production Specialist for the allocated production teams accountable for identifying, evaluating and adapting technologies as appropriate. Establishing links and collaboration within and outside the company to benefit the business. Identifying new opportunities as they arise and responding to external queries and complaints. Manage, lead, motivate, train and act as a role model for the staff allocated to the production areas. Provide reports and lead on the preparation of presentations, publications and liaison with customers, collaborators and licensing agencies. Ensure that the production area operates to a high standard and complies with GMP and other regulatory standards. To design and manage an integrated financial budget for the business and to ensure that the business delivers its financial objectives and maximizes its contribution to the Division. To deliver continuous improvement in all areas of the business to enhance the quality, delivery, rate of growth and competitiveness. To take responsibility for all HR issues within the Department. To interact positively with the FDA and MHRA to ensure company Compliance. Key Skills and Requirements: PhD or equivalent in biological science or equivalent MBA or equivalent Senior Management experience. Specialist training and experience in specific production methods required. Experience Team Management in a pharmaceutical production environment with multidisciplinary teams. Full understanding of UK and FDA regulatory requirements for biological products. Financial and commercial management (budget holder) including capacity to attract new business. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK