Title: Mechanical Engineer (Product Design Development)
Webindex: 67965589
Company: Cubiq Recruitment Ltd
Description: Mechanical Engineer (Product Design Development) ****  **** Oxfordshire Permanent Company background: Cubiq Recruitment is representing an internationally recognised product development company that have seen 20% year on year growth over the past 5 years. They have recently upgraded to a bran new purpose built R D facility in Oxfordshire due to the increase in headcount within the design team. All manufacturing is done on site and they have planning permission to extend on these facilities to meet customer demands. They pioneer in the design development of a range of products that are supplied used by consumers healthcare professionals worldwide. What we are looking for: We are urgently looking for experienced design engineers to join a dedicated R D team. Reporting into one of the design team leaders, you will be involved in all areas of the product development life cycle from concept detailed design, through to manufacture. You will have experience of working on NPI projects within the generic product development sector, with previous experience of working on plastic injection moulded products. Technical ability:  Product design / development background.  An understanding of SolidWorks or similar ****D CAD system.  Experience in injection moulded component / mechanism design  Ideally some knowledge of FEA, thermodynamic calculations, hand calcs But not essential  Ability to create and develop device validation protocols.  Ability to innovate concept designs  Commercially aware and be able to identify product cost saving opportunities.  Excellent understanding of DFM principles, specifically with injection moulded components. Opportunity / benefits:  They offer good career development due to the increase in head count in the R D team, the design development director is splitting teams up and putting senior designers team leaders in place.  The company pay for employees to attend certified training courses in FEA etc.  25 days holiday, 7.5% contributory group personal pension scheme Skills: mechanical engineer, design engineer, mechanical design, product design, solidworks, plastic, injection moulding, consumer, proengineer, unigraphics, design, plastics, domestic, medical, product design, mechanism, mechanism, fea, dfm, solidworks, ansys, concept