Title: VFG Quality Engineer (ETO)
Webindex: 69204299
Company: ARRK Europe Limited
Description: Job Title: VFG Quality Engineer (ETO) Location: Birmingham Rate: Up to **** ph Limited Co. Employment Type: Contract Reference: J**** Position Description ?As a Quality Engineer within EngineeredToOrder (ETO) Division you will be responsible for ensuring that all new products across our engineering teams including Accessories, Chassis, Body Exterior, Body Interior, Electrical Systems, and Powertrain meet their quality targets at key project gateways. ?This will involve using a range of quality tools and interpreting data within complex databases, systems ?You will need to work closely with other departments and functions, as well as with a wide range of external companies. Skills Required ?Excellent knowledge of methods and tools used to ensure high quality engineered products eg. FMEA, DVP, Robustness, Route Cause Analysis, Boundary Diagrams, Interface Matrices, ****D. ?Good working knowledge of engineering principles relevant to the design, development, testing and manufacture of products within one or more of the following automotive areas: vehicle accessories, vehicle exteriors, vehicle interiors, vehicle electrical systems and electronics, chassis, powertrain. ?Effective interpersonal and communication skills essential to liaising with a number of internal and external parties. PC Fluent (Email, Word, Excel, Powerpoint) Skills Preferred ?Six Sigma Green or Black Belt Qualified Knowledge of Byteworx software ?Good working knowledge of the design and development of new automotive products. ?Working knowledge of issue tracking, release systems and warranty analysis ?Knowledge of vehicle homologation requirements ?Working knowledge MS Project or MS Access ?Good working knowledge of manufacturing processes, particularly tooling methods and leadtimes. ?Good working knowledge of materials used in modern vehicles including synthetic textiles, leather, veneers, plastics, metals, composites, foils and paint. Experience Required ?Experience of working in a similar or relevant role within the engineering sector. Experience Preferred ?Experience of working in a similar role within the automotive industry Education Required ?It is anticipated candidates with be educated to Degree Level, or HNC/ HND with significant experience  ARRK Europe Ltd operates as an EmploymentBusiness and Employment Agency. We are an independent highlyexperienced recruitment consultancy dedicated to specialistmarkets within the Renewable Energy, Transportation, Defense and Aerospacesectors. No terminology within this advert isintended to unlawfully discriminate on the grounds of age, sex, race ordisability and we welcome all applications