Title: Team Leader (CHP)
Webindex: 71821166
Company: Dalkia
Description: OVERALL PURPOSE OF ROLE To carry out supervisory role utilising site resources, ensuring that all equipment within Dalkia control is correctly operated and maintained, maximising plant availability and reliability with 100% compliance. Budget control and contractor management. Assisting site resource as required, maximising plant efficiency whilst ensuring the safety of all other personnel at all times. Can undertake the role with the minimum of supervision, maintains a flexible approach, focuses on the needs of customers and effectively follows the quality processes and procedures put in place, including proactively identifying areas for improvement. KEY ACTIVITIES Resource Management  To effectively identify the resources required carrying out the activity/ service requirements, and capturing these in the most appropriate form. Covering key areas such as:  Procurement Materials/ Suppliers  Recruitment  Tools/ Equipment  Transport  Effectively form these into a plan, ensuring all risks have been identified and managed accordingly, to ensure successful completion/ implementation of activity/ service.  Delegating, organising and coordinating all resources to ensure successful completion/ implementation of activity/ service.  On going monitoring of activity/service, implementing corrective action to either improve or put things back on track . Asset Management  To ensure continued availability and optimal performance of plant through effective implementation of PPM, Condition Monitoring, Routine Maintenance, through:  Regular visits to review and inspect the asset and site.  Ensuring PPM Schedules are maintained and are effective.  Identifying critical items of plant, which could cause major disruption/ loss of service and plan contingencies?  Analysis of plant failures/ under performance, taking appropriate corrective action.  Ensuring plant is operated and maintained to current statutory regulations and guidelines, including best practice . Contract Delivery  Ensures the organisation discharges all it s obligations as defined in the Contract/ Service Agreement, through:  Understand the scope of services/ delivery as defined in the contract and communicating these to the appropriate employees  Highlighting and evaluating risks and liabilities, and making contingencies.  Establishing s)  Producing informative, quality and timely customer reports, which are focused on meeting their needs.  Producing informative, quality and timely internal reports, which enable the company to discharge its corporate responsibilities. Financial and Commercial Management  Responsible for the Management of actual performance against plan to ensure achievement of annual budget, taking appropriate action where necessary. Using and fully understanding published P s.  Ensures open financial and management reporting, ensuring any potential problems are identified early; and therefore allowing corrective action to be put in place.  Ensure client reconciliation s are accurately prepared, presented and finalised with client. Customer Relationship Management  Maintains regular contact with customers to ensure continued satisfaction, identifying potential problems early, giving the necessary management direction addedvalue . Shares any bestpractice . People Management  Is responsible for the effective, day to day management and control and deployment of personnel within their control  Creates a work environment that is safe, open walking the job etc.)  Listens to and takes an active interest in others, providing support and guidance, when needed.  Effectively persuades and influences others by selling the benefits of an approach, initiative, etc. Health, Safety and Environment Ensures a safe working environment, through the proactive management of Safety, Health and Environment, complying with all legislative, company and client policies, processes and procedures. Qualifications Educated to at least HNC or equiv. standard in an engineering discipline, or have substantial experience (see below) coupled with an apprenticeship in an engineering discipline. Preferably in a power plant environment. Driving Licence Have had experience of using the Microsoft suite of software packages. (Word, Excel, Outlook etc) or equiv. Have worked within Quality management System Member of management/ engineering related professional body Experience Proven experience gained with an engineering service delivery environment, where they have had some exposure to financial management, SHE, people and customer relationship management. Ideally have experience relevant to Contract Portfolio i.e. CHP, Energy Management and/ or Industrial Maintenance, or working within a technically complex service providing operation