Title: Raw Materials Technologist
Webindex: 71848950
Company: Resourcing Partnership  Ltd
Description: The Company Well established and respected manufacturer of chilled and ambient product, operates within a high volume output environment that demands flexibility from employees andembraces change.Working with the major multiples, the organisation can offer progression and the opportunity to make an impact on its manufacturing processes. The Role  Manages the introduction and ongoing maintenance of all supplier and raw materials approval, ensuring food safety in the supply chain.  To review supplier compliance within defined standards against a risk assessed programme,  Manages supplier performance.  Deals with day to day customer requirements for information and technical advice on raw materials.  Audits Food Safety standards against a planned internal audit programme and proposes ways of improving standards and compliance to ensure the site meets legislative and customer requirements  To carry out tasks relevant to management of Ethical trading.  Understands raw material functionality, seasonality and risk to business.  Knows the supplier base for materials and where to source existing and new ingredients and packaging options.  Support operational teams in resolving out of specification materials.  Develops expertise in one or more portfolios.  Gives advice based on existing generated data and knowledge.  Performs supplier data trending and uses to improve supplier performance.  Advises areas of the business on seasonal, provenance and risk and carries out relevant activities to ensure continuous supply.  Is aware and acts on legal requirements, codes of practice etc.  Identifiesnew ideas and suggestions from the supply base and manages work streams with the relevant teams through to implementation  Works with Factory Technical Managers to ensure new launches are integrated into the Food Safety Quality Systems.  Sets standard for self and others in delivery of technical information to the relevant audience.  Understands the application of RHM and customer policies and incorporates into the supply chain process  Track record of working across multi disciplines.  Excellent Communication Skills  Lead Auditor or equivalent qualification  Minimum 2 years Food auditing experience  Foundation level HACCP or experience of HACCP implementation,  Positive and enthusiastic  Food related degree would be an advantage South Wales **** Due to the high amount of interest that we receive for each of our roles unfortunately we cannot respond to each application individually, therefore if you do not hear back from us you have not been shortlisted for this role. Please continue to check our website for any other roles which may be of interest We offer a **** referral if you introduce someone we place – see our website for details www.rpltd.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RawMaterialsTechnologist_job****