Title: Electrical Controls Commissioning Engineer
Webindex: 68805559
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction My client has an immediate need for an Electrical Controls Commissioning Engineer to join their fast growing team in Yorkshire. Important Control Systems The Job This is a brilliant opening for an Electrical Controls Commissioning Engineer to join a firm working in the Power sector. It will be your role to perform/supervise the practical aspects of installation, modification, commissioning and maintenance of the Intelligent Systems products. The chosen candidate should have an understanding and proven experience of performing the following basic electrical testing techniques on Switchgear and Controlgear rated up to ****kV: Insulation Resistance Testing (Power amp; Control circuits) Dielectric Testing (Power Frequency withstand Power amp; Control) Conductivity Testing  Low ohm testing of power circuit by voltdrop or resistance method. Current Transformer Testing: Voltage Transformer Testing (instrument transformers): Electrical Function Testing  Ability to follow schematic diagrams to verify electrical function conformity up to and including field terminations. Protection and Metering Relays  Ability to interpret protection setting schedules and enter final settings into control and protection relays, also to apply single phase amp; **** phase secondary voltage and current in order to determine electrical performance of metering and protection relays: Circuit Control Equipment  Understanding of various control equipment and control methodologies e.g. Motor Soft Starter, Motor Variable Speed/Frequency Drive (VSD/VFD) controller, PLC or protection relaybased Auto Transfer Systems. Communication Testing  Understand basic principle of relay serial/Ethernet communication, able to trouble shoot basic relay communication systems: Modbus, Profibus, and DeviceNet. Examples of the Metering amp; Protection Relays Utilised include those from manufacturers including: Alstom, Schneider, GE Multilin, ABB, Siemens amp; Socomec. To be successful in your application, you will need to have BTEC, HNC/HND or Degree in Electrical Engineering or very similar. A proven track record in the testing techniques detailed above. Candidates should have the ability to communicate both written and orally in English and proficient in Microsoft Word amp; Excel for documentation such as Site Reports, Timesheets, Method Statements, Risk Assessments and Test/ Check Sheets. An understanding of Safe Working Practices preferably backed up with formal training e.g. Site Safety Passport, IOSH Managing Safety is a must. The ability to interpret and follow Electrical Schematic drawings and wiring diagrams, derive method statements amp; risk assessment and deliver taskspecific tool box talks and comply with ISSOW (Integrated Safe Systems Of Work) is key. Due to the nature of the role, this position offers a salary up to pound;****k with an OTE between c pound;****k depending on duration of mobilisation and location.