Title: Principle Mechanical Engineer
Webindex: 32233421
Company: Rullion Engineering Ltd
Description: My client who are specialists in the design, manufacture, assembly, test, installation and commission of bespoke solutions for a Major Mechanical Handling Manufacturing Company based in Risley, Warrington are looking to recruit a Principle Mechanical Engineer. The sucessful candidate undertake a variety of mechanical design activities associated with the design, test, substantiation and installation of high integrity mechanical plant and systems. You will support the engineering manager in major business activities and special projects. Responsibilities:  Determining overall requirement in terms of cost, time, resource and technical content of mechanical design with the Manager. Designing and formulating plans which satisfy these requirements in conjunction with allocated staff.  Providing mechanical design input to tenders, consistent with the job holder s level of experience.  Coordinate and manage all engineering activities on allocated projects or part projects as required.  Undertaking mechanical design tasks, particularly the design and analysis of mechanisms and mechanical plant.  Being responsible for the development of allocated junior staff as appropriate.  Leading discussions with internal and external customer and suppliers in order to ensure that programmes are delivered to specification, cost and time.  Coordinating with other areas within the business in order to ensure the provision of appropriate design support commitment.  Working within and maintaining required records for all work in order to satisfy company standards, procedures, national quality and legal requirements.  Keeping abreast of latest technology and identify technology developments and resources appropriate to the business needs and engineering activities.  Supervise small multidisciplined teams to achieve project deliverables.  Compiling cost and programme estimates, and managing to cost and programme for a group of tasks, undertaken by self and subordinate staff, for the allocated team size.  Writing and checking reports, proposals calculations and statistics