Title: Graduate Town Planner  ********  Benefits Bracknell
Webindex: 69776819
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: Graduate Town Planner  ********  Reading, Bracknell, Berkshire This is a brilliant opportunity for a Graduate Town Planner to join one of the leading UK Town Planning Consultancies. My client has offices throughout the UK and due to expansion plans is now seeking to recruit a Graduate Town Planner. This role will offer the necessary training for the successful Graduate Town Planner as they will be involved in all aspects of the planning process from preapplication discussions through to complete project management. The successful Graduate Town Planner must be able to demonstrate their excellent communication skills, display a passion for development and, ideally, have a strong vision for the future. A Degree and Masters accredited by the RTPI would be advantageous as the successful applicant will begin working towards their full RTPI membership in this role. As a Graduate Town Planner you will be involved in advising commercial, educational, retail and residential projects under a wide array of planning authorities. Working closely with professionals such as ecologists and transport consultants you will prepare the best possible cases for success. A wellstructured Graduate Town Planner training programme is already well established offering full support for the successful Graduate Town Planner to begin studying towards the full RTPI membership as mentioned. Rotation is crucial to successful training within Town Planning, therefore, the successful Graduate Town Planner will gain experience across all assigned competencies. Interested in this fantastic opportunity? Call Jason Moore at Penguin Recruitment on (Apply online only) for an informal conversation about this opportunity or similar vacancies. Alternatively you can email your CV . Commutable Locations: Wokingham, Bracknell, Maidenhead, Guildford, Camberley, Farnborough, HenleyonThames, Woking, Slough, Reading, High Wycombe, Newbury, Crawley, Berkshire, Hampshire, Surrey