Title: Senior Controls Systems Engineer
Webindex: 67946233
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction My client has an immediate need for a Senior Controls Systems Engineer to join an international engineering outfit. Important Control Systems, SCADA, PLC Engineer The Job My client provides a broad range of industrial information systems skills amp; knowledge to bear on client problems. As such you will be working with a broad base of staff such as project managers and systems, application amp; software engineers, both internally within the company and externally. Responsibilities You ll be responsible for contributing to the successful delivery of industrial information system projects. This will include involvement in all of the project lifecycle elements including development, documentation, testing and quality assurance. Contribute to the winning of new work, both through bidding activity and the cultivation of strong client relationships. Assist project managers in design of technical amp; quality tasks for project execution Manage and deliver allocated project tasks within prescribed targets Carry out testing and installation / commissioning activities on client sites Interpreting amp; working to appropriate standards (client, electrical, GAMP, ISO9001 and TickIT etc) You will be working in a variety of market sectors that includes, but is not limited to Water, Airports amp; Manufacturing You will have the opportunity to work as part of both large and small project teams where you will be required to work under instruction and under your own initiative and to develop instruction for others where necessary. Requirements You will have Industry knowledge in one or more of the following areas: Water, Manufacturing, Airports, Utilities and Chemical. Good practical understanding on control principles amp; algorithms used in modern automation settings. Practical knowledge of instrumentation, electrical installations and panel design. You will have a strong, demonstrable understanding/familiarity with PLC systems amp; programming (for example Allen Bradley, Siemens, Schneider). Either direct experience or the ability to understand industrial based systems such as PLCs, DCS, controllers, SCADA systems, fieldbus systems, communication protocols. You will be experienced in producing, reviewing amp; documenting URS, FDS, SDS, FAT amp; SAT and other specifications. Ability to communicate appropriately amp; concisely at various organisational levels Ability to lead client conversations and engage on a technical level Comfortable working in situations without direct supervision Capable of taking automation projects from inception through to commissioning. Appreciation of project commercial issues There may occasionally be temporary requirements to work away from home, both in the UK and overseas as project/client requirements dictate. Additional Information This position will require you to use a company vehicle on occasions, as a result you must hold a full drivers licence with up to a maximum of **** penalty points. Applicants for this position must have the right to work in the UK without restriction. This position will require you to achieve Security Clearance for work on MOD and other restricted sites this is a mandatory requirement.