Title: Product Engineering Technician
Webindex: 69084316
Company: Reed Engineering
Description: Product Engineering Technician JOB OVERVIEW They are a world leading engineering company who design and develop a large range of products, specialising in connectivity products and technologies for different high reliability markets including Automotive, Rail and Mass Transit, Aerospace and defence Products include electronic components and sub assemblies such as interconnects, wire and cables, harnesses and relays. They are currently looking to take on a product engineering technician who will be a key member of the Product Engineering group, this role will cover the testing and development of all automotive wire and protection products (e.g. wire, cable, tubing, fibre and fabrics), but could also include other tasks such as processing or running trials. Job Role Product testing to support existing business and the development of new products, techniques or practices. Technical support for customers. Interpretation of specifications and test methods. Accurate record keeping and report writing. Coordination and running of test programmes. Ability to operate small scale polymer processing equipment. Skill and experience required Strong communication skills written and verbal. Have initiative, be flexible and have the ability to work unsupervised. Good record keeping. Methodical and logical. Be able to work to tight deadlines and adapt to changing priorities. QUALIFICATIONS / EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: Proven track record in a practical field. Understanding of all types of drawings and specifications. Knowledge of test techniques and methods would be beneficial (electrical, mechanical and chemical). Familiarity with wire and cable, and tubing products would be advantageous. Use of Microsoft Office, Outlook. Working knowledge of test equipment would be ideal Qualification in an engineering, technical or scientific discipline an advantage. Experience in the operation of polymer processing equipment beneficial although training will be available for the right person. This is a great opportunity to join an innovative engineering company who offer good training and prospects to progress. The role would suit an individual with a strong technical background who is looking to progress their career