Title: Electronic Hardware Design Engineer
Webindex: 71556520
Company: KPJ Recruitment Ltd
Description: Our Client is a Telemetry SCADA solutions provider with over 30 years experience utilising their own real time software.Their strength is the provision of high availability, resilient software solutions that provide a robust base for mission critical applications. Their products are both scalable and flexible, providing integration with other business functions. Key Position Objective: To design electronic products for industrial process control and monitoring applications with an understanding of the environment for which the equipment is designed and installed. Key Responsibilities: Integration of the electronic design into the final industrialised product. Responsible for the development of production test procedures. Liaison with clients on a number of technical issues. Provide technical support for the sales team. Must be responsible and be able to adhere to strict Quality Control and Administration procedures. Must be prepared to adopt a flexible and responsible attitude to the working day in order to achieve objectives. Must be a proficient user of Microsoft Office Tools such as Word, Excel, Outlook. Qualifications and Experience: HND or BSc in Electrical or Electronic Engineering (or a similar discipline, for e.g. sciences  physics) Previous experience of one or more of the following: Analogue Communication over public and private networks Compliance testing to European and International standards RealTime embedded firmware Low power electronic circuit design Personal Skills, Competencies: Excellent communication skills Ability to work as part of a team and contribute to build an exceptional team Ability to prioritise and self manage KPJ Recruitment have been supplying high quality technical and engineering staff in Yorkshire since **** We are members of the Recruitment and Employment Confederation (REC) and have been awarded ISO 9001:**** Quality Assurance certification and hold the Gang Master License