Title: Maintenance Engineer C670M4LA
Webindex: 70254139
Company: Pioneer Selection
Description: Overview: An international Automotive manufacturing organisation is currently recruiting for a multiskilled maintenance engineer to work on the production and assembly lines in the factory. The contract will be 612 months, based in the Bedfordshire area. The Company: Established for over 90years, they have steadily progressed to become one of the major manufacturers of automotive components in the UK. They currently employ over **** people at the site, and because of the expansion plans onsite they are currently looking for a Maintenance engineer to join the team. The Role of a Maintenance Engineer: As a maintenance engineer you will be working on a shift rotation of earlies, lates nights. When on shift you will be working in a large team of electrical and mechanical maintenance engineers, attending breakdowns and carrying out PPM’s when required. Equipment – Hydraulic Presses, Moulding machines, Assembly cell sections. All automated machines running on Allen Bradley PLCs. Key Skills: As a maintenance engineer in this role you will need to be multiskilled with good electrical and mechanical knowledge, ideally with a relevant engineering qualification (i.e. C G’s/NVQ) and come from some form of manufacturing or assembly production environment. You will also need to have excellent knowledge of Allen Bradley PLCs, coupled with excellent communication skills and the ability to work well within a maintenance team. Benefits: 612 Months Salary: **** per hour Commutable from: Dunstable, Bedfordshire, Bedford, Bedfordshire, Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, Watford, Hertfordshire Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a: Maintenance Technician, Shift Engineer, Multiskilled maintenance engineer If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Alternatively for further details contact Leom Andrews on;  **** or Email: cvpioneerselection.co.uk Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MaintenanceEngineerC670M4LA_job****