Title: MOBILE COMMERCIAL MAINTENANCE ENGINEER  COLCHESTER  ****K, Essex
Webindex: 70077147
Company: Randstad
Description: MOBILE COMMERCIAL MAINTENANCE ENGINEER  COLCHESTER  pound;****K My client is a national FM and Maintenance provider, due to a contract expansion they are seeking to recruit a mobile maintenance engineer to cover a portfolio of commercial properties in the Colchester Area and some satellite sites in the Colchester andEast Angliaarea. You will have city and guilds electrical or equivalent, 16th or 17th edition and a proven track record in commercial building maintenance. The commercial properties include commercial offices, Data Centres, switch centres and telephone exchanges. Duties will include all PPM and Reactive maintenance on lighting, changing light s, lamps, ballast, single and **** phase, fire alarm tests, emergency lighting tests, monitoring BMS systems, plant checks on pumps, motors, changing belts, changing filters on AC units, fabrics duties, walk around s. You will also be working with sub contractors and other engineers, as well as working with the client and FM team, so you will need excellent communication skills. Hours 8am to 5pm Monday the Friday, with overtime and call out. This is a great opportunity to join a world leader in FM and Maintenance who offer excellent benefits and career progression. If you are interested in this position please email your CV to City and Guild Parts 1 amp;**** 16th or 17th Edition Driving license Fgas (advantage) Proven track maintenance in Mobile Commercial Maintenance Ability to work in theUK Excellent communication skills both verbal and written. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills MOBILE COMMERCIAL MAINTENANCE ENGINEER  COLCHESTER  pound;****K My client is a national FM and Maintenance provider, due to a contract expansion they are seeking to recruit a mobile maintenance engineer to cover a portfolio of commercial properties in the Colchester Area and some satellite sites in the Colchester and East Anglia area. You will have city and guilds electrical or equivalent, 16th or 17th edition and a proven track record in commercial building maintenance. The commercial properties include commercial offices, Data Centres, switch centres and telephone exchanges. Duties will include all PPM and Reactive maintenance on lighting, changing light s, lamps, ballast, single and **** phase, fire alarm tests, emergency lighting tests, monitoring BMS systems, plant checks on pumps, motors, changing belts, changing filters on AC units, fabrics duties, walk around s. You will also be working with sub contractors and other engineers, as well as working with the client and FM team, so you will need excellent communication skills. Hours 8am to 5pm Monday the Friday, with overtime and call out. This is a great opportunity to join a world leader in FM and Maintenance who offer excellent benefits and career progression. If you are interested in this position please email your CV to company website City and Guild Parts 1 amp;**** 16th or 17th Edition Driving license Fgas (advantage) Proven track maintenance in Mobile Commercial Maintenance Ability to w