Title: Strong Electronics Designer Required
Webindex: 71552633
Company: Manpower Cambridge
Description: Electronics Design Engineer Salary: **** to 40,000 My Client has had an exciting opportunity come up in there Cambridgeshire based office for the position of a Senior Electronics Design Engineer. They are located North of Cambridge and are specialists in manufacturing high precision sensing with over 30 years experience in this field. As a global company, they provide this service to an international network of clientele and are an international leader. The role will involve joining their highly successful team and the candidate will need to be educated to a degree level with several years experience of the design sector in a similar role. My client design and manufacture electronic devises used in a variety of industries and sectors. With an established name and an excellent reputation they are one of the market leaders. Join an established business with an exceptionally low staff turnover and the opportunity to be a specialist. Candidate responsibilities: Key responsibility is to provide electronics design input into a wide range of instrument design projects. Electronic and electromechanical product design. Hardware and Software design. Engaging and progressively working through the entire process of new product development. Resolving Technical issues. Person Specification: Experience within electronic design and software development. Supervisor, manager or senior level Background from instrumentation Strong problem solver. Able to actively contribute to focus groups and the teams. Strong verbal reasoning and communication skills. This is a great opportunity to join a fantastic company who invest in their workforce and look to development their employee's careers along with providing high levels of support. Salary: up to 40,000 depending on experience, plus great benefits including 23 days holiday (this rises with service), personal pension plan and a healthcare scheme.