Title: Maintenance Engineer – Building Maintenance Services
Webindex: 68705485
Company: Team Q Maintenance Limited
Description: Salary **** – potential overtime opportunities Excellent benefits and company mobile phone Location – High Holborn, London Permanent Working hours Monday – Friday 8am – 5pm We are seeking a customer focused Maintenance Engineer who will be based in High Holborn for an exciting permanent opportunity. You will responsible for the daytoday maintenance and repair (electrical and mechanical) of a couple of multitenanted buildings in an exclusive part of London. You will also be responsible for managing subcontractors and their paperwork when required. You will be polite, presentable, conscientious and reliable as you will be the face of Team Q. You will need to be able to use your own initiative, be a good team player and be able to form great working relationships with the other facilities teams and tenants. Good PC skills and an understanding of MS Word and Excel are important as well as having a good all round technical knowledge in HVAC systems (with mechanical and combustion experience). You will have documented and checkable supervisory experience in managing subcontractors. In return you will be rewarded with a competitive salary, excellent benefits, a great working environment and lots of training and development opportunities. About TEAM Q Team Q Maintenance Ltd provide building services maintenance, building fabric maintenance, Fire CCTV, Electrical Testing and energy services, along with an expanding portfolio of specialist services. As the building maintenance branch of the privately owned engineering services group, Turner Company (Glasgow) Ltd, we are able to offer the benefits of expertise from a wide range of related products and services. We are committed to working with our clients who range from commercial portfolios to local government buildings, each with their unique problems and operational requirements. Duties include : Timely completion of Company paperwork. Being available for overtime as the business requires. Ensuring that all installations allocated are kept in a clean, tidy and serviceable state. Professional representation of Company technical and ethical standards. Regular communication with contract Administrators, Supervisors and Managers. Adherence to Company procedures, policies, risk assessments, and method statements. To work in a safe manner with due regard to the environment and the safety of others. Comply with legislative requirements relative to the position. Notify Line Manager of any lapses/breaches in company procedures or control measures. Return all report sheets, and other required paperwork to the nominated Team Q office within the relevant timescales. Attend team meetings as required. Tasks as requested by line management provided the task is relevant to the skills of the post and is in the interests of the Team Q business. Quality/Health Safety Ensure compliance with legislative and company health and safety requirements Ensure compliance with legislative and company environmental policies Contribute to a safe working environment Adhere to applicable risk assessments and the control measures detailed within Report all accidents and near misses to your supervisor or line manager Refrigeration Account for the recovery of all gases from systems you are tasked to maintain. At the end of each refrigeration job ensure that the amount of refrigerant gas in the cylinder(s) corresponds to the records. Records are maintained internally, and on site, of the amount of the new and recovered gas . Skills, Qualifications and Experience required: Electrical Work: Basic Electrical Awareness and Safe Isolation training and relevant experience. Mechanical: Appropriate City Guilds qualifications and experience. Water Hygiene: Appropriate L8 training Experience working in MultiTenanted sites Does this role interest you? Do you have the necessary skills and qualifications? If yes, then please apply by sending your CV and a covering letter to carrie.litherlandteamq.co.uk or by clicking the button below. (We aim to respond to all applications within a few days of receipt) This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MaintenanceEngineerBuildingMaintenanceServices_job****