Title: Technician  M amp;E Multiskilled
Webindex: 72459300
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;****billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview FMFinancial Services Purpose of Role To assist the Estates Management Team in delivering a customer focussed cost effective and efficient Estates Service. This includes Planned Maintenance, Reactive Maintenance and other Estates Services as required in order to meet its contractual and legal obligations. Key Objectives of the Role Work on own and as part of an integral member of a team carrying out routine PPM and minor repair works. Carry out skilled Planned maintenance, repair and improvements. Install new plant and equipment when required Diagnose and repair faults on systems and plant. Be proactive in reporting faults to equipment, buildings and fittings. Work in accordance with Work Instructions, Safe Working Practices and Method Statements ensuring relevant paperwork is completed in an accurate timely manner. Maintain stock control systems as directed. Maintain the cleanliness of plant rooms, workshops and storage areas. Work safely, ensuring the safety and well being of yourself, colleagues, customers and visitors. Act as a Competent Person as directed and appointed. Job Level Overview The Job Holder is subject to general work instructions and direct supervision of progress and results. nbsp;He/She works within standardised work practices and procedures. The Job Holder is likely to have a vocational qualification and be able to demonstrate procedural/systematic proficiency that may involve competence in the use of specialised equipment. The Job Holder s performance will have minimal direct impact on both plc and Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Accountable for the completion of standard or nonstandard tasks within own area Acts as part of a team to delivers activities which support operational objectives Manages a variety of tasks and is able to plan accordingly within the shortterm Makes decisions within parameters set by manager, using job/specialist experience Maybe subject to regular local supervision of progress against results and escalates issues when required Interacts with stakeholders around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Supervises the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility Financial Accountabilities Supports the identification of ways to reduce cost Has awareness of cost/benefit as applicable to tasks performed May work within a given budget People Accountabilities May supervise a small team typically spending more than 50% of time supervising Able to organise a small team of individuals carrying out similar tasks May assist less experienced staff Manages the delivery of a team and escalates individual performance issues Knowledge and Applied Skills For nonsupervisory roles performs skilled work requiring technical training (NVQ3 or equivalent) Up to 3 years business experience, Level 3 NVQ or Certificate Level of Qualification. Graduate entry point Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information An electrical biased multiskilled maintenence engineer is required to be based out of our client, Direct Line Group HQ site in Churchill House, Bromley to carry out planned and reactive maintenence. The engineer will also be required to provide day to day support at other DLG buildings in Bromley and Croydon and occassionally a static site in C London to cover for annual leave. The Technician will also be required to join the call out rota covering all these sites.