Title: Customer Service Facilities Manager
Webindex: 69171849
Company: EMCOR UK LTD
Description: We are looking to recruit a Customer Services Facilities Manager at our HPA site at Colindale, North London (northern line) Hours of work ****:**** to ****:**** Purpose: The Customer Services Manager plays a pivotal role in delivering a high quality service, by meeting with client representatives and customers as required gaining feedback, engaging in proactive dialogue, and generally promoting EMCOR and HPA FMD in a positive and favourable light. The Customer Services Manager will also be responsible for overseeing the administration, financial reporting and invoicing of the Colindale contract as a whole, including development of the client CAFM system (Planet) for EMCOR services. Provide reporting and feedback to the Account Manager and EMCOR management team as required. This role has 4 direct reports with approx **** Emcor staff onsite Duties Responsibilities:  EMCOR senior representative on site for contracted services delivered by EMCOR staff and appointed subcontractors  Ensure services are conducted in line with the Framework Agreement and that KPIs are achieved, ensuring any issues identified are resolved in a timely fashion  Utilise service excellence skills and work as appropriate with the Account Management Team to develop and maintain working relations with customers and client team.  To identify and meet the needs of the client, focusing on initiating and welcoming contact and communication whilst striving to deliver first class customer service.  To manage and support the compilation and implementation of a focused Service Excellence Programme at Colindale, including customer surveys, monitoring feedback, organising and facilitating improvement workshops, attendance at customer groups, etc and assisting in generating continuous improvement across the HPA contract.  Identify and implement operational improvements to ensure the continued provision of high quality service to customers, with the ability to recognise potential complaint situations and take effective steps to avoid and or resolve these situations  Where appropriate work with HPA client and EMCOR Senior Managers to develop plans for expanding and enhancing EMCOR’s service offering  Oversee administration of the contract, including personnel and subcontractor management, forward planning of service and maintenance activities and preparation of the monthly report and KPI results.  Ensure work is performed in adherence with company policies, procedures and standards and Health and Safety legislation and statutory regulations in order to maintain the integrity of operational activities and safety of employees and provide high quality service to customers.  Ensure subcontractors and suppliers’ activities are managed and that they are fully briefed on the site rules and regulations prior to the commencement of any work and continue to comply whilst work is being carried out.  Responsible for the development and ongoing maintenance of the EMCOR element of the client CAFM system (Planet) to ensure accurate records and reporting  Overall responsibility for orders placed for subcontracted services and materials, ensuring appropriate approval and backup documentation for client invoicing and audit  Ensure staff appraisals, development and training is effectively undertaken whilst maintaining appropriate records associated with personnel and service operations.  Coordinate and develop contract variations as agreed with HPA client  Compile periodic reports as required and maintain excellent communication with colleagues and the client.  To act as the focal point for all matters pertaining to the implementation and rollout of customer service training to all EMCOR employees at Colindale, and ensure the inclusion of customer service training within all employee inductions.  Work closely with other EMCOR Account Teams to ensure consistency of delivery across the business, and the application of best practice. Qualifications and Experience:  Highly developed level of interpersonal and customer relationship skills.  Professional and polished appearance and manner  Previous experience in a similar customer service and/or facilities role preferred  Excellent administrative, organisational, telephone and interpersonal skills are essential  Methodical, articulate, proactive – essential.  Good IT skills including Microsoft business packages to an advanced level  Must be able to confidently deliver presentations and communicate at all levels from Director to Engineer level.  Valid full driving licence preferred This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CustomerServiceFacilitiesManager_job****