Title: Senior Engineer Lower Environment  BTE****
Webindex: 69669222
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Job Purpose: The role exists to work with the minimum of supervision within the Body Interior Department on the design, development and release of the specified interior components. Important Interior The Job To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK The primary role is to support the PMST amp; project Engineers in the production of finished designs and drawings ensuring all programme and component attribute/performance targets have been met or exceeded. The role requires liaison with suppliers and other internal departments. Key Responsibilities and Tasks: ?? Preparation of detailed drawings to AML drafting standards including identification of SC s/CC s, reference points and individual part tolerances ?? Work within FMA checklist process ?? Preparation and ownership of engineering release packs where required ?? Work under the direction of lead project engineer/PMST leader on a day to day basis ?? Support Project Engineer in the development of robust designs to meet performance targets ?? Support preproduction build events ?? Support tolerance studies to ensure manufacturing compatibility ?? Support generation of DVP and DFMEA studies ?? Support prerelease detection event activities ?? Ownership of concerns resolution including interim containment actions where required ?? Liaison with external suppliers on technical issues ?? Liaison with internal departments as required ?? Preparation of commodity plans for specific owned systems Qualifications and Experience: ?? Educated to degree level or equivalent within an engineering related discipline with automotive experience in component design. ?? Knowledge of interior trim components, carpets, plastic injection moulding components, vac formed parts, machined metal products and metal bracketry. Knowledge of leather trimming and mechanism systems would also be advantageous. ?? Proficient in the use of Microsoft Outlook, Excel and PowerPoint. ?? A working knowledge of component manufacturing, tooling requirements amp; lead times.