Title: Senior Project Manager  Engineering / SCADA / Oil Gas
Webindex: 71685558
Company: Hewett Recruitment Limited
Description: Senior Project Manager, Engineering, SCADA, Oil Gas, Brierley Hill, West Midlands. Senior Project Manager, Engineering, SCADA, Oil Gas, Brierley Hill, West Midlands. A brilliant opportunity has arisen to join a global engineering firm as a Senior Project Manager. The company design and develop high end engineering solutions for a range of industry sectors and require someone to take ownership of the timely delivery, quality and profitability of projects and applications. Responsibilities will include but not be limited to: accurate monthly forecasting of material expenditure, labour assignments, sales and GP; arranging and coordinating field site activities; ensuring a good working environment for subordinates; maintaining and fostering good customer relations; ensuring appropriate review and approval of project documentation. As this is a Senior role, you will also assume responsibility for the day to day manmanagement of a team of Project Managers. The ideal applicant will hold a degree in Engineering, Computing or a related field and have a proven track record in a similar engineering Project Manager position. You will preferably hold an internationally recognised Project Management qualification and any experience working within the Oil Gas sector would also be advantageous. Due to the nature of the work you must have strong knowledge in the application of SCADA technologies and it is expected you will be an excellent communicator with outstanding interpersonal skills. Any experience in managing a small team would be beneficial although the company are happy to take on a strong Project Manager with the ability to move into a management position. This is fantastic chance to join a well established, reputable business offering the chance to work on some very exciting projects and excellent career and personal development opportunities. Based in Brierley Hill, commutable from Birmingham, Wolverhampton, West Bromwich, Dudley, Kingswinford, Kidderminster, Bromsgrove, Redditch, Stourbridge, Wednesbury, Halesowen, Droitwich Spa and Worcester. Salary **** commensurate with experience.