Title: Senior Completion Engineer
Webindex: 69962695
Company: Burns Carlton
Description: Due to its growth, an international integrated services company is now recruiting for a Senior Completion Engineer to join their team. Some of the Primary Duties of the candidate will include: Support business development activities by providing completion and well test engineering advice to assist with technical and commercial evaluation of upstream investment opportunities and on occasion lead technical teams (internal and third party) in their assessment of such opportunities. Support asset teams by providing completion and well testingengineering advice to challenge and assure quality of team s technical work. Provide technical support to the asset teams for well completion problems and challenges (troubleshooting). Provide technical input to the Global well construction design practices and standards. Provide technical input to the Well Engineering Competence System. Maintain indepth and current industry knowledge with respect to technology and best practices. Mentor junior professionals to assist them to develop skills and experience. Ensure that scope/quality of technical work is consistent with commercial decision upon which the work relies. Be willing/able to represent the company at technical/industry forums and present at conferences as and when appropriate. This is an office based role which will include some moderate travel, enabling the person to perform the role locally as well as centrally. Required skills and experience: MSc in Petroleum Engineering or relevant Engineering degree IWCF or WellCap Subsea Supervisors Well Control Certificate Holder Offshore training Experience of rig site supervision of completion, well services and well test operations Experience in completion, well services and well test design, planning, programming and AFE development Knowledge of industry best practices associated with completions and well testing Understanding of completion and well test design and well control techniques Ability to use industry standard well engineering software packages beneficial (e.g. Landmark StressCheck, WellCat, WellPlan, OpenWells, etc) Good appreciation of geophysics, geology and petrophysics Extensive experience in completions and interventions some of which preferably with a major operator offshore as a Completions or Well Services Supervisor. IWCF Certification, MIST Training, Offshore Survival, Current medical Significant experience with Mature Field rejuvenation/optimization required (and greenfield development planning, aspired) Considerable experience with a major upstream oil and gas operator and/or Independent upstream operator or multinational oilfield services company International exposure. Used to working with multidisciplinary teams distributed over multiple locations Expertise in project valuation / development economics. Commercial awareness/mentality Note: Must have a valid permit to work within the E.U.