Title: Medical Field Service Engineer x**** (Biomedical Clinical Systems)
Webindex: 67153396
Company: TRS Consulting  Ltd
Description: Medical Field Service Engineer x**** (Biomedical Clinical Systems) (Biomedical Engineer / Senior Biomedical Engineer / Medical Equipment Service Engineer / Medical Technical Officer / Clinical Technologist / Medical Equipment Field Service Engineer) Biomedical Equipment / Medical Devices ****K  car  excellent benefits package including contributory pension scheme and full and comprehensive manufacturers based product training Location: Bournemouth, Wolverhampton and Bristol / Taunton  Excellent opportunity for experienced Biomedical Engineers, exforces Biomedical Engineers, Medical Technical Officers, Clinical Technologists or Medical Equipment Service Engineers to join a market leading supplier of medical equipment and biomedical services The Company  Biomedical Clinical Engineer / Medical Field Service Engineer My client is one of the UK s leading suppliers of biomedical equipment and medical services. Their services are trusted by healthcare professionals globally and the systems they support include patient monitors, anaesthesia delivery systems, ventilators, ultrasound systems, defibrillators, vital signs monitoring systems, infusion devices, ECG monitors, endoscopy systems and a range of operating theatre equipment. As a truly market leading organisation, innovation, a continued commitment to improvement, excellent levels of customer service and good people are fundamental to their future success. Due to expansion they are now seeking to employ three biomedical field service engineers. The Roles  Biomedical Clinical Engineer / Medical Field Service Engineer These roles will involve the service, repair and maintenance of a full range of biomedical systems located at dedicated healthcare centres. The successful applicants will work in a field based role and ensure that a complete portfolio of equipment is maintained to the necessary standard, including anaesthesia delivery systems, defibrillators, patient monitoring and vital signs monitoring systems, infusion devices, ventilators, ECG monitors and endoscopy systems. Ideally you will be based in one of the following locations: Bournemouth, Wolverhampton or Bristol / Taunton Your Background  Biomedical Clinical Engineer / Medical Field Service Engineer To be considered for these exciting roles you must be able to demonstrate a background in a within a medical equipment repair and service environment. You might be an ex Forces Biomedical Engineer, seeking your first step into the private sector, a Biomedical Equipment Engineer, a Biomedical Engineer, a Medical Technical Officer or Clinical Technologist, seeking a more challenging role. A qualification in engineering, electronics or medical technologies such as biomedical engineering is preferred. You must have impeccable customer service skills and have the ability to remain confident in customer facing environments. The Benefits  Biomedical Clinical Engineer / Medical Field Service Engineer These are excellent opportunities to join a world class medical systems organisation. You will be joining a team of engineers who take great pride in their work and who aim to build upon long term relationships with customers. You will be continually challenged as you are exposed to new technologies. You will receive constant support and guidance from senior management and your technical knowledge will be furthered through training courses. For those with the desire there are opportunities to progress your career into more senior positions. In return, the successful applicants will benefit from first class product training, recognised by the industry, which will run on an ongoing basis as new products are introduced. A generous remuneration package is also guaranteed, including competitive salary of **** car, healthcare package, contributory pension scheme, phone and laptop, along with the opportunity to progress your career within a market leading organisation. To apply for these excellent opportunities, please forward your CV to the named contact below. tom.coombetrsconsulting.co.uk This vacancy is being advertised by TRS Consulting (UK) Limited. The services advertised by TRS Consulting (UK) Limited are those of an employment agency and / or employment business.