Title: Senior Engineer  Process
Webindex: 68990697
Company: Hays TCE Jobs
Description: POSITION TITLE: Senior Engineer  Process OBJECTIVES • The consistent achievement of industry leading standards of excellence in engineering. • Efficient application and involvement on all proposals and project work undertaken. • To maintain good relationships with clients, colleagues and external organisations. • To keep abreast of developments in relevant engineering fields to enable application to the role and to ensure a level of continuing professional development. RESPONSIBILITIES General • Carry out discipline engineering in accordance with Company policies, practices and objectives so that it meets or exceeds the minimum technical requirements of the applicable project or Company procedures. • Assist with the initiation, development and improvement of design guides, engineering procedures and standards. • Ensure that relevant statutory regulations and legislation (such as CDM and HASAWA), which affect engineering, are complied with in all respects. • Refer to the Project Manager or General Manager any unresolved technical matters arising that could impact the success of a project or that affect the Company’s compliance with statutory regulations and legislation. Sales and Proposals • Assist in proposals, sales and business development activities.  Determine the most cost effective engineering strategy to be adopted in proposals. Planning and Budgeting • Prepare realistic manhour estimates for discipline engineering for proposals and projects. Project Execution • Maintain the highest level of quality and accuracy in all work undertaken or supervised. • Undertake the role of Project Engineer on any project. The duties and responsibilities of a Project Engineer are described in Corporate Procedure CCB • Complete all work assignments within the allocated manhour budget and to the requirements of the programme. • Monitor progress towards completion of all tasks and deliverables • Consider design problems and determine the most cost effective solution. • Investigate engineering errors determine the appropriate corrective action and report accordingly to the Project Engineer and General Manager • Ensure that engineering complies with all applicable laws, regulations and other mandatory requirements. • Ensure that engineering complies with relevant Engineering Specifications and Standards. • Adhere to Company Procedures and Design Guides. • Participate in design reviews and progress meetings. • Participate In designer risk assessments and safety audits. EXPERIENCE • Chartered Engineer (C.Eng,) or a European Engineer (EUR.ING.) • Minimum of 5 years relevant discipline experience (see Specific Technical Experience below) • Minimum 2 years experience with an engineering design contractor SPECIFIC TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE • Experience in the process design of Fired Heaters (Crude, Vacuum, Reformers, Waste Heat Trains, etc) and / or • Experience in the process design of Flares and Flare Ignition Systems and / or • Experience in the process design of oil & gas/power generation skid packages REPORTING RELATIONSHIPS • Reports to the General Manager or Project Manager for daytoday line management.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk