Title: Network Systems Engineer WiFi
Webindex: 68373024
Company: Matchtech
Description: Network Systems Engineer required to join an established team responsible for delivering core WiFi systems and networks to allow wireless internet access to a large portfolio of international brands. The network will be predominantly Cisco based. You will be part of a team responsible for design, development and delivery of the network and core systems that will host wholesale and white label WiFi systems. The role will include network design, configuration, testing, documentation and the last line of support. The network will be predominantly Cisco based utilising Cisco switches, routers, internet service gateway and CAR (AAA) server. Duties and Responsibilities; • Responsible for the low level design, evolution, build and configuration of network system infrastructure. • Building of a carrier class, market leading network, incorporating fully redundant systems with failover. • Influencing new and evolving design, architecture, standards, and methods for operating the network. • Managing the availability, performance, scalability and efficiency of the core by engineering reliability and network management features into systems. • Liaison and coworking with equipment suppliers and 3rd party technical resources. • Ongoing learning to ensure uptodate knowledge of technical and market related trends. Skills and Experience; • Able to demonstrate relevant experience of IP network design ideally with an Internet service provider or web hosting provider. • Indepth knowledge of routing protocols, switching, firewalls, IPSec and SSL VPNs, and intrusion detection and prevention systems • In depth handson experience of Cisco networking products. • Cisco related qualifications. CCNA standard as a minimum. • Radius / Diameter AAA protocols and server configuration • Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills • Desire to solve complex problems of scale • Experience of equipment from multiple vendors. Qualifications (Essential); • Degree in Computer Science or equivalent  proven work experience Desirable • Masters in Computer Science or equivalent • Linux system administration • 3GPP core networking elements and protocols • Knowledge and experience of web platforms and development Apache, PHP • Understanding of database design and use. For example MySQL, Oracle, Postgres To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.