Title: ENGINEERING GEOLOGIST/GEOTECHNICAL ENGINEER – Castleford
Webindex: 72624839
Company: Confidential Company
Description: Structural Soils, a member of RSK Group plc, is a 150strong site investigation contractor with a large fleet of drilling equipment. Together with the Geosciences division of RSK, the company makes RSK Group one of the UK s a largest site investigation service providers. Due to an increase in workload we are now looking to recruit an experienced Engineering Geologist/Geotechnical Engineer for our Castleford office. The successful candidate will ideally need to have between 35 years experience and be happy to spend a significant proportion of their time managing site investigation work. Other duties will include: undertaking preliminary risk assessments (phase 1 desk studies) and intrusive site investigations managing fieldwork activities and subcontractors organising and managing projects in the following sectors: house builders, commercial property developers, public sector bodies, manufacturing and industrial undertaking project management duties, including assisting with the preparation of health and safety documentation, scheduling analysis of soil and water samples and writing reports Desired experience Previous site work experience an advantage (including trial pitting and drilling supervision) Excellent written and communication skills Prepared to work as part of a team or as an individual Knowledge of contaminated land and planning legislation an advantage Full, clean driving licence essential BSc degree level qualified in geology/civil engineering or a related environmental subject essential MSc in a geotechnical/civil engineering or environmental discipline preferable, but not essential Salary  ****k  ****k basic, plus overtime and company pension. All candidates applying for positions with RSK Group must be eligible to work in the UK/European Economic Area. Candidates should confirm this when applying with their CV and covering letter. RSK is committed to our Corporate Responsibility strategy. We seek to minimise our impact on the environment; to engage positively with the community and education groups; to provide a safe and supportive atmosphere in which to work; and to promote Corporate Responsibility throughout our supply chain. RSK Group plc is an Equal Opportunities Employer.