Title: Test Engineer  Diagnostics
Webindex: 69082127
Company: Parkside
Description: This role involves the testing, fault finding and identification of repairs to be undertaken on a product to meet customer commitments, whilst working to high quality standards and meeting timescales. The successful candidate will ensure that all forecasted weekly, production, and service commitments are met to the highest levels of quality control. Key Responsibilities: Responsible for Testing and Fault finding Production / Service units to component level using Test Specifications and circuit diagrams. To be able to follow departmental, quality and Health & Safety procedures. Repair and assemble products and be able to carry out soldering to IPC **** J standard **** Produce meaningful investigation reports and Statement of work. Provide assistance to Engineering with investigation units. Provide Technical assistance to Internal and External customers. To ensure Repair products and Turnaround time is achieved to meet satisfy our customer expectations. Responsible for providing regular updates to meet the needs of each customer regarding the status of the units. To provide a technical adjudication on warranty status. Demonstrate a level of innovation within the cell to assist continuous improvements. Program PCBs and devices using Programming Loading Documents. Perform Inspection on all activities as and when required. To Follow European Aviation Safety Agency Form One (EASA Form ****) procedures. To provide recommendations for improvements Ensure that all documentation is completed accurately and kept and upto date Ordering and checking/rejecting of components To maintain the high quality standards that our customer expects. To be flexible across operations and undertake work in accordance with your skill set.Essential: Experience in Working in manufacturing environment across a range of products Ability to work on own and within a team Proactive approach to problem solving Able to give guidance and instruction when appropriate to team members Good communication skills Able to follow instructions and provide recommendations for improvement Demonstrates good attention to detail producing consistently high quality work Computer literate Adaptable and flexible approach to their work Experience in managing their daily key activities to achieve timescales to quality Desirable: Proven capability to recognize IPC standards Has worked in an Aerospace Organisation Lean manufacturing techniques Qualifications/other required: HNC in business or technical discipline Sound knowledge and experience of aerospace.Parkside Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Parkside Recruitment is an Equal Opportunities Employer