Title: Area Contracts Manager Hard Services
Webindex: 72440319
Company: Invictus Group
Description: Area Contracts Manager  Southampton Based Our client is looking for a Senior Contracts Manager with a Technical background in Engineering to manage the operational delivery of a key contract. You will have responsibility and accountability for all aspects of operational management of the contract, delivering engineering fabric services to the client buildings in around the Southampton Area. This role is to look after a number of key sites, but is predominantly based in Southampton.The end user client is a blue chip organisation so good relationship skills are essential. PERSON SPECIFICATION: Qualifications:  Professional qualifications in Engineering  degree standard would be preferred although not a necessity, but City Guilds and/or apprenticeship is essential.  drive, energy passion to deliver an exceptional service  strong personality to lead from the front and set high expectations for your team. Experience:  Min of 3 years experience of managing contracts within an engineering/building services sector.  Specialist hard and soft services knowledge and experience, ideally in a business/commercial environment.  Project and contract management  including managing risk, HSE Compliance. Ability:  To lead your team from the front, and motivate them to deliver an exceptional service.  Mature good team player.  To work on own initiative.  To influence others and able to hold a discussion with all stakeholders.  Ability to use discretion problem solve. Skills:  Commercial and financial awareness in a client environment  Experience at interfacing at all levels throughout an organisation  PC Literate – understanding of how to use the technology as a too  Excellent communication and presentation skills. This is a fantastic role working with one of the leading IFS Providers in the UK and EMEA. This company invest in training people development and are looking to develop their management team. For more info please call our office on **** **** **** or visit our website at www.invictusgroup.co.uk. Or contact Benjamin via email at benjamininvictusgroup.co.uk. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AreaContractsManagerHardServices_job****