Title: General Foreman
Webindex: 70331557
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;****billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview CCSUtilities Purpose of Role Reporting to the Operations the purpose of this role is to manage all production and associated functions on site, including proactively liaising with; Both the delivery team and Operations / Project Manager / Director about programming, resourcing and safe working practices in delivery of the project. The Commercial function to monitor and review the preliminary project costs against actual costs and delivery. The Planning function to monitor and review progress against agreed timetable. Key Objectives of the Role Plan, coordinate and review the progress of the Construction programme, taking any necessary corrective action to meet, and where possible, exceed the expectations of the client To determine resource requirements for works, including defining future personnel requirements Through progress meetings with individual and, where necessary, multiple trades, ensure that all subcontractors have all the necessary resources and information to deliver the programme of work Ensure compliance with the contract drawings and specifications, together with the Employer s requirements and Contractor s proposals To establish and maintain all systems, policies and processes around Health amp; Safety and welfare, Quality and Sustainability issues to ensure compliance with agreed standards Through effective planning, communication, development and direction ensure the high performance of his / her team, including allocation of duties and team development Implement disciplinary and grievance procedures for site team Job Level Overview Subject to managerial direction, the Job Holder will generally be subject to broad practices and procedures that are covered by functional/business precedents and policies. nbsp;The job holder will generally be at least part professionally qualified and will probably possess some specialised knowledge/skills gained through on the job experience. The Job Holder s performance will have either a very small impact on plc performance, or a small impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Accountable for specific areas of responsibility and deliverables and manages the associated risks Delivers activities to support operational objectives for their specific contract, project or specialism Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 6 months to one year Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines Interacts with client or users around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Manages the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility Focus of work is predominantly against defined targets but performs a range of tasks from complex to straightforward Financial Accountabilities Typically manages cost centre budget (first line budgetary accountability) Identifies ways to reduce cost and improve service Manages variable costs (e.g. overtime and agency costs) People Accountabilities For a small contract, section of contract or single disciplinary teams: Typically first line manager with overall people responsibility Optimises performance Undertakes performance reviews and provides training and reward recommendations Responsible for implementing disciplinary actions up to final warning Knowledge and Applied Skills Thorough working knowledge of one functional area through significant job experience amp; training Experience of supporting a business contract and/or providing support to a professional function Likely to have 5 years business experience and/or be a fully qualified professional with minimum of 2 years PQE with Intermediate Level Qualifications. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information Candidate must have a minimum of 5yrs OHL HV Transmission Construction experience working on lines up to ****Kv. nbsp;Must hold National Grid competent persons accreditation and have a good working knowledge of all delivery transmission procedures. Must have a proven track record operating in a General Foreman role, responsible for the overall delivery of all OHL works to time and quality. Ability to undertake quality checks in accordance with National Grid MDE requirements. Candidate required to undertake when required training and development of junior linemen and provide construction input into future construction projects. Must hold BESC OHL certification to operate.