Title: Electrical Engineer Days  Food Manufacturing
Webindex: 72447279
Company: Focus Management Consultants Ltd
Description: This is an exciting time for ambitious Electrical Engineer to a join a FTSE 100 food manufacturing company. Our client has a blue chip reputation with multiple sites, within a fast paced food manufacturing environment. They are a market leader producing branded and ownlabel household named food products. The Electrical Engineer is a days based role . Reporting into the Engineering Manager You will provide engineering resource in carrying out planned maintenance, breakdown, repairs, refurbishment, installation, improvements and modification or upgrade to plant and services in order to minimize downtime and maintain the equipment in the best possible condition. To strive towards continuous improvement of all machinery and equipment in order to effectively reduce engineering downtime, thereby maintaining plant availability, efficiency, productivity and product quality at all times. To carry out all engineering work to high Engineering, Quality, Safety and Hygienic standards The role holder will be involved in dealing with employees at all levels of the business and liaising with different departments as needed Qualifications Engineering City and Guilds or ONC (E). Multi skilled HNC (D). NVQ Level 3 in Engineering (Electrical or Mechanical). 17th Edition Electrical Wiring Regulations (Electrical) (D). Experience Experience as a skilled engineering craftsperson or technician. Practical experience gained within engineering function (E). Problem solving and fault diagnosis. Consistent high work standards even when under pressure. Skills / Knowledge Ability to solve problems using a logical thought process and implement solutions to prevent reoccurrences To undertake self measurement and development as appropriate. Ability to work consistently to high standards and prioritize tasks accordingly to workload. The jobholder will be able to show evidence in being able to operate under pressure in a fast moving technical environment. Sound decision making skills. The ability to work as part of a multi faceted team or independently as the situation demands. Communication with internal and external functions. PC literate. Must be able to demonstrate a flexible skill set fully exploiting cross or multi skill elements of training without trade demarcation. To be fully conversant and compliant with site Permit to Work and Isolation procedures. Influencing and guiding projects to achieve a positive outcome in line with business needs, policies and framework. This is a great opportunity for an Engineers who wants to work within FTSE 100 company. My Client is looking to move quickly on applications. Ref MDW**** by Maneeza Williams This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectricalEngineerDaysFoodManufacturing_job****