Title: Major Incident Manager  ITIL
Webindex: 64791469
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Major Incident Manager  ITIL Southampton. We re looking for a Major Incident Manager with experience of managing high priority IT incidents through to successful resolution to join a major Southampton based employer. Paying up to pound;****k bonus  benefits Important IT, Major Incident / Problem manager, Service Delivery, Service Desk, ITIL The Job The key responsibility for the job holder is to ensure Major, high severity and customerescalated Incidents are facilitated in an effective and efficient manner. The job holder must ensure that such Incidents are resolved as quickly as possible, minimising any service disruption and ensuring all procedures, communications and appropriate escalation paths are followed. You will also modify procedures amp; processes with the problem management team to minimise repeat future incidents and will liaise closely with the change management team to ensure that change projects do not lead to new major incidents in their own right. You will ensure standardised methods and procedures are used for the efficient, effective and prompt recovery of IT services. You will also be required to participate in an OnCall Rota (Usually **** in 5 weeks). Experience required: Strong ability in Major Incident Management and the ability to hit the ground running . Strong Problem Management skills Strong Operational and Project Management / coordination ability ITIL Expert v**** Certified (or equivalent, proven ability) Excellent customer facing skills Experience using event / helpdesk management tools e.g. Remedy / Assyst would be beneficial Any experience within Retail and / or IT Services organisations would be a benefit but is not essential. Foreign language skills particularly French would be highly beneficial Benefits: This role is paying a basic starting salary up to pound;****k with excellent benefits including:  bonus  healthcare  pension  25 days holiday etc. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK