Title: Section Head of Track Design
Webindex: 68218719
Company: TXM Recruit
Description: Section Head of Track Salary: ****  Benefits Location: Manchester TXM are looking for a driven and aspirational individual to become the Section Head of Track for one of the largest Rail Consultancies in the world. They will be developing, designing and launching a brand new section within the company that will specialist in track design. Initially based in the Manchester office, the Head of track will be growing a team from scratch, responsible for recruiting experts in the field and building a credible, expert department to deliver on large, specialist track design projects at a high quality standard on both UK and International scale. Key Responsibilities To fully utilise a strong network of contacts that will successfully generate business to build a strong division. Liaise with clients to understand projects and the individual deliverables including timescales, budgets and the relevant resource requirements. To be involved in projects from initial bid stages through to completion, managing the entire project life cycle. Draw up detailed project plans that are regularly communicated with the client until its successful completion. To successfully manage the division with a strong sales pipeline to ensure continuous business to the section. Experience and Educational Requirements The successful candidate will have strong experience in rail track design with a focus on the commercial aspects of project management. Ideally over 8 years Track Design Experience as well as a proven track record of managing teams Degree Qualified As the lead engineer and spearhead of this department, there is a strong opportunity to progress into a director level position within the business. Google: Rail Jobs TXM Recruit TXM Recruit is an equal opportunities employer. If you have any specific requirements or require assistance or reasonable adjustments to be made for you during the selection process due to disability or longterm health condition, we will do our best to assist you