Title: Signalling Engineering Manager
Webindex: 66905559
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview UK ConstRail Purpose of Role Provide managerial and technical leadership of the signalling design Group, with particular respect to the development, line management and deployment of the appropriate signalling design resources along with any relevant technical capability necessary for the successful delivery of Carillion Rail s projects. Key Objectives of the Role Assist the Head of Signalling Projects in the development and deployment of technical methodologies to support proposals and project delivery. Assist the Head of Signalling Projects in developing necessary tools, techniques and resources to meet the needs of our current and emerging market sectors in conjunction with the Carillion Rail signalling group business plan. Provide on a regular basis reports on the signalling design groups performance to the Head of Signalling Projects. Provide technical guidance to the group for the production of detailed signalling design. Monitor and review the groups progress, ensuring project timescales and targets are met. Supervise the implementation of design scopes, ensuring that the groups design offices understand and deliver project requirements. Act as Responsible Design Engineer (RDE) for projects as required. Accept or approve design methodologies for projects, sign off outline amp; design specs. Act as independent reviewer of design reviews. Provide guidance to design reviews ensuring that nonstandard applications requiring concession approvals or noncompliances and derogations are identified. In conjunction with the Signalling Design Office Managers, make sure that actions from the design review process are completed and signed off as appropriate; facilitate any input from multiple disciplines and third parties. Provide input to the identification of risk assessments and identify the analysis, appropriate tools and methods required. Formalise key project decisions and ensure all risk assessments have been undertaken. Assist the design group in determining the scope of work for condition assessments, correlation and site surveys. Approve design documentation, parameters and scope. Provide solutions to technical issues, design process and resource issues. Develop and implement strategies for new/nonstandard equipment along with staff competency plans. Undertake audits to make sure that document control procedures have been followed. Check that adequate documentation has been received/produced and verify that a full audit trail of designs ensuring that the clients have supplied and received the required supporting documentation. Make sure that all submissions to external bodies are made and that the necessary approvals are received. Compliance with, and implementation of, Company requirements in respect of Safety, Environment and Quality management (SEQ). Coordinate with the Professional Head of Signalling for audits, briefings and production of internal standards and procedures. Job Level Overview Subject to functional policy objectives and/or general business direction, the Job Holder will work within broadly defined policies and objectives. He/She will demonstrate a detailed grasp of involved practices and procedures and will normally possess either an appropriate professional, or academic quqlification. The Job Holder s performance will have either a small impact on plc performance, or a medium impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Delivers elements within their Business Unit plan to achieve current year s performance Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 12 years Manages activities to support operational delivery and growth for their Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines Maintains effective internal and external client or user relationships within own area of responsibility Delivers Health and Safety policy and standards Implements Business Unit decisions and sets local priorities Applies high level technical skills across a range of functional or business activities Focuses on providing input to the annual business, financial and people plan for the specific contract, project or specialism Financial Accountabilities Within a Business Unit or a professional function: Works within clear budgetary guidelines Translates plans and requirements into realistic budgets and targets for subteams Promotes innovative ways to add value and reduce costs within the team. May contribute to budget planning Directs Level 1 projects People Accountabilities For a contract or multidisciplinary team: Responsible for the overall resourcing Optimises performance Undertakes performance reviews and provides training, reward and succession recommendations Full management control of people resources and is responsible for implementing disciplinary actions up to and including dismissal. Knowledge and Applied Skills Possesses knowledge of one complex functional or business area Track record of success in supporting a major business contract, Business Unit or region and/or providing support to a professional function Likely to have in excess of 5 years managerial and/or technical experience. Member of a Professional Body with Intermediate Level Qualifications as a minimum. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information