Title: BMS Support Engineer
Webindex: 70219038
Company: PDA Search Selection
Description: POSITION: BMS Support Engineer SECTOR: BMS CONTROLS SALARY: Circa ****  vehicle  bonus, pension, medical LOCATION: Based from Glasgow office but covering sites throughout Scotland Our national client are in the Building Management Systems sector and are looking for a Building Management Systems Support Engineer based from their Glasgow office but covering all of Scotland, so candidates must be prepared to travel. Scope of Duties: The BMS Support Engineer performs service agreement and commissioning tasks at customer sites to ensure that the relevant building systems are properly maintained and operating correctly, thus contributing to company profitability and customer satisfaction. Handles emergency service calls as directed during the day and after hours. Participates in ****hour oncall rota. Job Details: Performs preventative maintenance and diagnostics on appropriate building system and components according to the service level agreement. Tests, adjusts and verifies system readings ensuring an optimal system operation Responds to customer service calls (emergency, onsite, or remotely), checks indicated points of the problem, analyses full requirements of the system involved and checks and tests the systems components. Diagnoses the problem or defect, determines corrective action and repairs the system. If improper operation is due to another system or component, discusses problem with customer and / or office and advises best course of action. Advise Account Manager or branch administrator of equipment required and timescales for replacement parts following support visits and ensures no return visits on same problem. Works with other branch, company or external service providers or vendors to resolve problems and produces Field Quotes for additional chargeable opportunities on site. Identifies additional chargeable opportunities including, system extensions, upgrades and service contract expansion. Passes lead to the Account Manager to maximise opportunities. Participates in projects to support handover on completed projects. Conducts training and development classes for customers on site or at branch. Delivers technical support, coaching and direction to end users and other Support Engineers as applicable. Completes and submits written service reports covering all aspects of each assignment and activity, whilst on site. Candidates should have over two years experience in a similar role and be fully prepared to travel throughout the region with little or no supervision. Candidates must have previous BMS experience, ideally in a Support Engineer type role. Candidates must have a full and valid driving licence. To apply for this role please submit your full CV to Jonathan Sweasey at PDA Search & Selection