Title: Operation Analyst, Consultant
Webindex: 71818513
Company: Electus Recruitment Solutions
Description: Operation Analyst, Consultant Farnborough ****k Our client is the UK s largest research and technology organisation who are looking for a Business Analyst / Operation Analyst. The Operational Analyst will be required to deliver business analysis services through problem structuring, data analysis, modelling and simulation. The post holder will be responsible for financial modelling and forecasting to help inform decision makers in both qualitative and quantitative terms. Our client comprises teams of dedicated people; experts in defence, aerospace, security and related markets. They draw on our extensive technical knowledge and intellectual property to provide the knowhow and support to solve some of the worlds most challenging problems. Business Analyst / Operation Analyst will be experienced in a Business / Operational Analysis role. Furthermore, the successful candidate will have an understanding of the principles of System Dynamics and a sound working knowledge of MOD Capability Planning. The ability to work both as part of a team and to use your own initiative is essential, as are excellent written and oral communication skills. Business Analyst / Operation Analyst is a diverse role that requires a flexible, energetic and responsive individual preferably with recent experience of working within an MOD environment in a Business Analysis or Operational Analysis function. Responsibilities include extensive front of house consulting and stakeholder management within senior forums, and a smaller element of backroom support undertaking detailed analysis. The vast majority of tasks are undertaken within a high pressured and extremely competitive environment that demands excellent project management and time keeping skills. The ability to deliver outputs to a consistently high standard within tight timescales is an essential element of the role. Business Analyst, Operation Analyst, MOD Clearance, High Level Clearance, System Dynamics, Defence Equipment, MOD Capability Planning, C****I System, Land, Air, Sea, Defence, Options Modeling, Portfolio Analysis, Problem Structuring, Financial Modeling, Forecasting, Cost Estimating, Process Efficiency, Investment Appraisal. Electus Recruitment Solutions provides specialist engineering and technical recruitment solutions to a number of high technology industries. We thank you for your interest in this vacancy. If you don t hear from us within **** working days please presume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. You are of course free to resubmit your CV/details in the future and we shall assess your suitability at that time. MOD Clearance Required Due to the nature of work undertaken at our client s site, incumbents of these positions are required to meet special nationality rules and therefore these vacancies are only open to sole British Citizens. Applicants who meet this criteria will also be required to undergo security clearance vetting, if not already security cleared to a minimum SC level. ASAP Services advertised by Electus Recruitment Solutions are those of an Agency (perm) This role is a permanent position. Electus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy