Title: Kitchen and Bedroom Designers
Webindex: 62007047
Company: DM Design
Description: Our top Sales Executives earn in excess of **** per annum, we are currently recruiting both experienced and trainee sales designers to meet demand from the public for our quality home improvement products. We provide full product training for all representatives in order to provide our customers with a full professional design service. A professional attitude, good communication people skills, along with selfmotivation and drive are essential for this rewarding role. In return for your hard work, we offer the real opportunity to earn in excess of **** after training, with our uncapped earnings structure allowing many of our top designers to make well in excess of that figure. Benefit from: Comprehensive product and sales training Working within a team offering full support and ongoing training and motivation Top earnings package  incentives Working for an strong and established company with over 25 years in the industry An abundance of fully qualified appointments Weekly Pay Experience Qualifications: Many of our top representatives have come from variety of employment backgrounds and age groups, and have carved a new and rewarding career following a move from another industry, another country or from unemployment after completing the inhouse training course. Experienced candidates are encouraged to contact us to find out about the competitive package and benefits we can offer. However, experience in the industry, whilst advantageous, is not essential for the right candidates as the full training package offers a complete introduction to the job. Our sales designers are responsible for visiting potential customers who have expressed an interest in our products and made an appointment for a design service. Designers must be comfortable visiting customers at home, and be able to engage with members of the public in order to gather information about their lifestyle requirements and establish their needs and wants. Our designers are based at a local branch within a supportive sales team offering ongoing motivation and training. Due to the nature of the job applicants must have a driving licence and a vehicle available to them. This is a fun, varied and rewarding role which would suit anyone with confidence and drive who is interested in achieving success within a sales career. Please click the 'Apply Now' button below to apply for this job