Title: Environmental, Health Safety Manager
Webindex: 69687381
Company: SMRS LTD  
Description: The Chubb brand is one of the most recognised fire and security brands in the world. From digital CCTV surveillance and intruder alarms to fire detection and suppression systems, we provide a full range of innovative products and services to customers, including most FTSE 100 companies. Chubb, a UTC Climate, Controls Security Systems business, is a truly international, talent driven company focused on performance and results. We employ **** people on a global basis including **** Chubb employees in the UK. We have a big commitment to the continuing development of everyone who works for us and therefore we encourage and strongly support career progression, with opportunities for promotion within our organisation and throughout the wider UTC global group. Due to a group internal move, we are now seeking to recruit an EH S Manager to take responsibility for environmental, health safety matters across the London South East Region. The role will be office based at either one of our Branches ie Cambridge, Tottenham, Basildon, Maidstone or Croydon and therefore the successful candidate will need to live within reasonable daily commute of one of these sites but it will also entail regular weekly travel across the Region and occasional travel across the UK. In order to be considered you will a proven EH S Manager from an organisation with multiple sites (ideally engineering service and installation or field based mobile workers) and possess a NEBOSH diploma or equivalent level qualification and CMIOSH. You will possess a hands on, flexible approach but with the capability to thrive in a data hungry, fast paced and demanding corporate environment. You will be IT literate with a good knowledge of Excel, Word and PowerPoint, with the ability to produce reports, training material and present findings. Your key experience will include implementing EH S programmes, undertaking audits, accident investigation and identifying corrective actions. However as important as all of these criteria is your ability to build credible relationships with internal and external stakeholders and to truly engage your community to embrace EH S in all they undertake. Day to day responsibilities will include supporting operations to implement the EH S requirements including EH S Management System, Minimum Operating Requirements (MOR`s), Cardinal rules, standard Practices (SP`s) and standard Work Instructions (SWI), keeping abreast of new legislation, developing and delivering training programmes, investigating and following up accidents, identifying root causes, developing corrective action plans, proposing improvements to safety and environmental management systems, EHS projects, ensuring timely reporting, participating in regional and operational management meetings and providing cover for the rest of the UK EH S team. Chubb is an Equal Opportunity Employer Please note that due to the high volume of responses that we receive for opportunities across the UK, we are unfortunately no longer able to respond to each application directly or to provide further individual feedback. We will however contact you should we select you to attend an interview. Should you not receive a reply from us within 4 weeks, please assume that your application on this occasion has proved unsuccessful.