Title: Internal Project Engineer (Defence, Military, Aero)
Webindex: 71468250
Company: ATA Recruitment
Description: Internal Project Engineer (Defence, Military, Aero) (Electrical, Electronic, Physics, EMC, RF, Microwave Engineering) ****k****k  BONUS  PENSION  FULL TRAINING Based  Dorset THE COMPANY This is a fantastic opportunity for an Internal Project Engineer with 18 months engineering work experience to join a leading supplier of engineering services into the Defence, Military and Aero market sectors. The business continues to secure longterm relationships within field and having secured a number of lucrative contracts and they now need to recruit an Internal Project Engineer based in Dorset. THE ROLE The role of the Internal Project Engineer will be as follows: As an Internal Project Engineer you will spend 6 months in the lab shadowing other engineers and being trained up to conduct testing services yourself. From there your role will be 100% office based reacting to incoming enquiries for testing over phone, fax and email. You will be required to attend occasional onsite customer visits supporting the Business Development Manager. As an Internal Project Engineer you will be responsible for the internal commercial and technical support of all customers and the field Project engineering team. You will speaking to EMC test engineers and managers to fact finding around what their product is and what they are trying to achieve through EMC testing. Your role will be specific to the Military, Defence and Aerospace market sectors. You will be fully trained to be able to make the assessment as to what standard they need and therefore what testing is required for their products. Price negotiation, producing and following up on quotations and tracking orders through to the IT system. You will then need to keep in touch with the customer and continue to follow up until the customer is ready to order. Cross selling and up selling additional services. The long term plan will be to train and develop you into a full time field EMC Application Project Engineer within 18 months to **** year time frame. THE CANDIDATE The ideal Internal Project Engineer will have the following; Degree in Electrical, Electronic, Physics, RF or Microwave Engineering. Minimum 2 years engineering work experience in roles such as Applications, Design, Proposals, Bid, Test, Design, Tendering or Project Engineer. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. THE BENEFITS The successful Internal Project Engineer will be closely mentored by the Project Manager to smooth your transition into the role. The business is keen to promote from within therefore success will always be rewarded with progression technically or commercially. How to Apply: For further information, please contact Ajay Bhella at ATA Recruitment in Leicester on [blocked] or alternatively, please email me an up to date copy of your CV to ajay.bhellaatarecruitment.co.uk For all of ATA s Technical Project Engineering vacancies, join our interactive job board on LinkedIn at http://www.linkedin.com/groups?mostPopular gid[blocked]