Title: Senior Mechanical Engineer / Project Supervisor  West End, London
Webindex: 71442906
Company: Randstad
Description: SENIOR MECHANICAL ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN / PROJECT SUPERVISOR  CLIENT DIRECT  CENTRAL LONDONUP TO pound;****K  PACKAGE A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a senior engineering technician to work direct for a client based at a highly prestigious and recognisable building in Central London. The position will be working closely with the busy projects division and will be there to manage and make sure that all the appropriate mechanical and electrical engineering systems are correctly designed and installed in his live, customer focused environment. With experience of delivering mechanical and electrical services, the ideal candidate will have experience of reviewing drawings and specifications, delivering progress reports and managing both people and stakeholder expectations. The position will suit a qualified Senior Mechanical Engineering Technician with a broad experience of building services. The role will involve some out of hour s attendance so flexibility is essential. This is very much a hands on role, requiring an understanding of large and complex projects / systems. The main responsibilities for the role are as follows: Ensuring that works to the store s M amp;E systems do not interfere with trade. Liaise with contractors to agree method statements and risk assessments. Arrange isolations of mechanical and electrical systems to ensure safe working. Implementation of Permit to Work System. Control access to plant rooms and critical business areas. Supervise small works under direction of Project Manager. Liaise with the maintenance team to ensure all isolations and service interruptions are planned. Attend for commissioning and testing of completed systems. Undertake building and system surveys. Monitoring quality of work by contractors. Ensure contractors adhere to security procedures. Formal reporting of progress to Project Manager. Essential Requirements Mechanically qualified. Able to read and understand technical drawings. Experience of electrical and mechanical isolation with HV experience an advantage. Experience of large complex Mechanical and Electrical systems. Previous experience of control of contractors within a live environment. Experience of implementing Permit to Work. Experience of having worked in a dynamic, customer focused environment. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.