Title: Lead Design Engineer  Concessions
Webindex: 66376458
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Concessions Design Engineer career opportunity with world leading Aerostructures client  permanent Important Concessions design and project lead The Job Our client is a world leader in Aerostructures design and manufacture, including new composite technologies. Due to growth of its business, there is an opportunity for a Lead Design Engineer to join its Concessions Engineering team in Bristol on a permanent basis. Summary : To be responsible for all aspects of the Design Engineering Processes, relating to Concessions, Minor Deviations and Design Engineering Support. Tasks : To provide Design Engineering Support for Concessions and Minor Deviations for Operations and Supplier requests. To develop appropriate technical solutions for operational non conformances which are compliant with all relevant customer design standards and airworthiness requirements. To liaise directly with external service providers to ensure progression of concessions / minor deviations to meet agreed completion dates. To work in cooperation with the wider team and other functional areas of the company to achieve local and overall business objectives. Skilled in tools such as SAP, ZAMIZ, Windchill. Ensure that relevant stakeholders have the right information at the right time, through proactive communication. Managing own and local team workload to ensure tasking is completed to schedule. To develop and maintain technical relationships with customer engineering support teams. Support Engineering continuous improvement plan and Lean initiatives to develop improved operating processes and procedures. To provide Design Engineering Support, when required, out of normal working hours. Support the Engineering Support Manager in all business activities, eg KPI compilation, audit preparation and corrective actions, start of shift meetings. You will have : Sound background in Aerospace Engineering and Manufacturing with experience in metallic and composite components and assemblies. Ability to develop technical solutions for operational non conformance, compliant with customer requirements within agreed timescales. Hold or have the necessary experience and skill set to attain Design signatory status. Understanding of engineering processes and systems. Desirable but not essential : Experience of aerospace quality management systems. Experience of dealing with customers and suppliers. Working knowledge of SAP. Experience of managing a team and prioritising workload. This is the perfect opportunity for a Senior Concessions Design Engineer to step up to a Lead Engineer level. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK