Title: Lead Design Assurance Engineer Wastewater
Webindex: 71816169
Company: Morson International
Description: Our client, Thames Water, are the UK s largest water company, supplying clean water and wastewater services to in large parts of Greater London, the Thames Valley, Surrey, Gloucestershire, Wiltshire, Kent and other parts of the United Kingdom. Thames Water supplies over a tonne of water a week to each of their 9 million drinking water customers from over **** water treatment works through a vast network of managed water mains across London and the Thames Valley. On the wastewater side, they recycle waste from 14 million people safely back to the environment. That s 2,600 million litres of water and 2,800 million litres of sewage a day through a diverse and farstretching network of managed sewerage mains on to an infrastructure of sewage treatment works across the South. The flow of projects is extremely diverse, with a range of multimillion pound contracts underway and due to start in the near future exciting times indeed as the company continue on their path of developing and being the frontrunner in the innovation and integration of new technology as well as offering a best in class service to its customers. As part of ongoing key projects, they are now looking to appoint a number of key personnel, including the role of Lead Design Assurance Engineer. Role function: To lead and motivate a team of Design Assurance Engineers to assure the performance of the Contractor s design processes and that products conform with the specification and lead to physical assets which achieve the required quality and meet the needs of the business. The scope of the role: This is the biggest upgrade project of its kind in the UK wastewater industry. This is an opportunity for a suitable individual to take on a key position on one of the largest programmes within Thames Water (worth ****m), gaining technical management experience in the process. You will be pivotal to the success of the project and be able to stamp your own mark on the delivery. Through strong leadership you will be able to demonstrate you can deliver and maintain a culture of accountability, achievement and performance with the contractor and direct reports. What will this role involve? There are currently **** people in the team based at two locations and will involve interfacing heavily with the contractor and the customer as well as different divisions within Thames Water. It is important to note that although the role requires a strong design background, you will not be responsible for actual design, as the Thames Water team provide a client design assurance capability You will also:  Ensure, through a structured programme of design assurance activities, that health, safety and environmental issues are appropriately addressed.  Pursue a customer focused culture, unrelenting in its pursuit of excellence in service delivery to both internal and external customers  Manage all technical assurance activities so that projects are delivered on programme  Assure the quality and adequacy of documentation submitted by contractors.  Represent the complex delivery manager in technical, gateway and risk reviews.  Manage the review and provision of responses to technical proposals made by contractors in line with the requirements of the contract.  Ensure that the information provided at contract takeover is comprehensive and of the required quality.  Proactively protect and enhance Thames Water s reputation with external customers and stakeholders where there are touch points.  Maintain awareness of developments in own discipline and approaches to design and construction  Provide feedback to the design and standards teams on the development of future projects.  Share learning points both within own team and across Capital Delivery.  Support business change and improvement initiatives.  Accountable for developing and managing direct reports on site.  Promotes a strong team ethic at all times demonstrating the Thames Water values The Suitable Candidate: An individual with proven leadership experience in a design assurance management role with at least 5 years experience in delivering complex wastewater assets, ideally coupled with a prior track record in design. Must have experience managing a technical portfolio of multiple projects and be able to manage a diverse and varied workload. You will demonstrate excellent communication and interpersonal skills, be a decisive decision maker and reliable, and be able to demonstrate previous experience of delivering projects on time. Degree educated with Chartered Status is preferred. Interested? Please contact Ben Pascall at Morson International for more infomation on (Apply online only) or email