Title: Principal Mechanical Engineer  World Leader
Webindex: 69079755
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: A great opportunity has arisen for a Principal Mechanical Engineer to work in the R ll be part of a multidisciplinary team of engineers developing the next generation of power electronic converters (valves), for HVDC. These valves are complex structures and typical dimensions of several meters in each direction and weighing many tonnes. You ll need to work as part of an innovate team to meet some of the world s highestpower electronic converters. The Principal Mechanical Engineer will also have international travel opportunities if desired. Please bear in mind the company are prepared to train and develop someone into this role but you ll but need to fulfil most of the essential criteria. The successful Principal Mechanical Engineer is likely to: Have be degree qualified in Mechanical Engineering or a closely related subject area (or equivalent experience) You ll be interested in achieving CEng status. Have a sound understanding of materials and ideally composites. Familiar with Mechanical Design and ****D CAD, ideally ProEngineer, Catia or NX. Desirable for the Principal Mechanical Engineer Mechanical design of high voltage equipment such as transformers, generators or switchgear Mechanical design of power electronics converters such as motors Finite Element Analysis (FEA) Structural or seismic analysis Heat transfer engineering We are keen to speak with all engineers who consider they fulfil some of these elements. For this role please apply ASAP and we can organise an initial telephone interview with the client should you meet the basic criteria. Please note, all applications aim to be responded to within two working days and we can discuss this opportunity further with you. Role: Principal Mechanical Engineer Relocation assistance available. View our latest jobs today at (url removed) and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position