Title: Packaging Buyer
Webindex: 68711440
Company: Supply Chain Futures
Description: Our client is a brand name food manufacturer. They have multiple manufacturing plants across the UK and make product for retailers in Europe, Asia and North America. Supply Chain Futures are supporting them with the recruitment of a Packaging Buyer. This is a specialist role covering a broad range of buying, product development and supplier management. The Packaging Buyer will be the teams designated specialist in Packaging. They will be the companys subject matter expert, for suppliers, future market trends and products/ developments. The main responsibilities of the Packaging Buyer are: Contract core packaging against targeted annual savings Ensure packaging does not have to be over bought or over issued due to minimum order quantities or case size Retender existing business if commercial benefits can be shown Challenge and reduce any material price increases Maximise supplier payment terms Attend and take an active part in daily and weekly development and management meetings Drive through continuous improvement of packaging through the lean management and nonconformance process Understand capability of existing supply base and how differing specifications of materials affect costs Identify poor performing suppliers and be able to hold review meetings addressing key issues and concerns Identify gaps within the supply base Our client isnt precious about the industry experience candidates have, more the ability and enthusiasm to become that subject matter expert in planning, and to put themselves in a position where they can truly make this position their own. They are expecting this person to add a lot of breadth to a buying role, they expect this person to be heavily involved in the support of the development teams, and broader supply chain team. They are expected to have performed against budget from their previous buying experiences, and proactively assessed suppliers. Naturally, we are expecting candidates to have a strong skill set in communication, numeric and verbal reasoning, negotiation, influencing and stakeholder management. This company is quickly becoming a household name within the luxury brand market, their products are innovative and continuously evolving. They look for similar characteristics in their colleagues, people who want to keep evolving their roles to add as much value as they can to the success of the company, people who will keep questioning the status quo, and people who want the autonomy to be creative within their workspace. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PackagingBuyer_job****