Title: Master Craftsman/QA Manager
Webindex: 71430350
Company: 121 International Recruitment Limited
Description: Our client are looking to recruit a senior and dynamic individual to be part of our Quality Assurance department. Our client is a multinational, multiproduct group with significant developments and investments in U.A.E., Sultanate of Oman, Qatar, Bahrain, Brunei, Tanzania and India. Established in 1976 the group has grown into one of the most respected names in all the countries in which it has established businesses. Our client stands and strives for benchmark quality, customer centric approach, robust engineering, inhouse research, uncompromising business ethics, timeless values and transparency in all spheres of business conduct, which have all contributed to making it a brand trusted for excellence. You will be part of the Quality Assurance, Safety and Technology department and be responsible for monitoring and ensuring adherence to world class quality safety standards in construction in our projects. You will be independently managing a team of Indian engineers at the project sites. This position reports to the Head  Quality, Safety Technology. You will be in possession of A Master Craftsman (Qualification  GEPRUFTER POLIER Bereich Hochbau) with over 5 years relevant experience in a large reputed Construction Company engaged in construction of high rise residential/commercial buildings. Preference wil be given to German nationals. A proven track record in successfully monitoring large projects is required. Good leadership and team building skills, high technology orientation along with passion for quality and an eye for minute detailing are prerequisites for this position. Fluency in English language, written and spoken, is desirable. Candidates who have worked in or acquainted with work culture in India will be preferred. This position will be based at any one of the leading cities in India where they have their projects. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MasterCraftsmanQAManager_job****