Title: Senior Control Systems Engineer
Webindex: 68544419
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction This is a great opening for a Senior Control Systems Engineer to join a busy firm working within the Automotive sector. Important Control Systems, Electrical Engineer, Automation, PLC Engineer The Job My client is offering a fantastic opportunity for a Senior Control Systems Engineer to work within the Automotive sector. This role will see you responsible for design and commission of control systems to relevant specifications. It will be your responsibility for a specific area of design, documentation and commissioning. Ensuring that any modifications by yourself or your team are documented and communicated back to the respective engineering departments. Testing equipment (and where appropriate diagnostics) and fully documenting the process. Supporting a team of Systems Engineers communicating, giving advice, and providing direction as demanded by the project. Managing site or office staff, with a particular focuses on keeping resource levels in line with support budgets and project requirements. To complete design documentation to customer buyoff and acceptance. Obtain or create standards during the SE phase and ensure that the project team adhere to them. Creating specifications for external quotations. You should also have an awareness of costs and timing, having a proactive approach to determining these at the quoting stage. The job holder will also need to ensure that all relevant design and safety standards are complied with. It will also be your role to manage and liaise with subsuppliers, ensuring that all work meets the required standards and practices. The job will demand the ability to address major technical problems, with assistance when required. At time the role will require the overseas travel so you will need to be flexible. This position will also require the commissioning of Safety circuits / networks with the support of an Electrical Design engineer. In order to be successful in your application, the sought after candidate should have demonstrable experience in the following: Knowledge of E Plan Design packages ideally E Plan design Version **** Good working knowledge of AUTOCAD (R14 amp; **** in particular) Pilz or equivalent PLC Programming Understanding of motor drive configurations. Education amp; Training: As a minimum, applicants should have a GCSE C grade or above in Mathematics and English. Ideally Degree qualified in Electrical Engineer or similar , but equivalent experience will certainly be considered. Significant onsite experience is essential. Proven track record in the commissioning of PLC systems and in networking including Interbus S You must be able to build and maintain good relationships with customers and colleagues, professional and personable in your approach. Adapting your behaviour and approach, appropriate to the situation at that given point in time. Showing empathy with others and applies it appropriately Working as a team, assisting others when they re under pressure. Able to diffuse difficult situations, sensitive of the impact on others. Further competencies include:  Efficient in own use of time, and works in a wellstructured way.  Organised and efficient adopts a systematic and structured approach to tasks.  Prioritises work and delegates both upwards and downwards effectively.  Draws up and follows action plans.  Sets aside planning time can deal with interruptions.  Allocates time to ensure all aspects of the job are covered.