Title: Senior Managers (Planning, Development & Infrastructure)
Webindex: 66375719
Company: Homes and Communities Agency 
Description: 5 x fixed term appointments to March 2014; with potential for extension The Homes and Communities Agency is the national housing and regeneration delivery agency for England. We contribute to economic growth by helping communities to realise their aspirations for prosperity and to deliver highquality housing that people can afford. The HCA is also responsible for the regulation of social housing providers, ensuring that the sector is financially viable, wellmanaged and delivers value for money. We are looking to recruit highly motivated individuals for our Advisory Team for Large Applications (ATLAS) team who have a deep understanding of the planning and development process and successful large scale place making. In addition to excellent professional skills it is essential that you have the ability to positively influence others. You will be educated to degree level in planning, surveying or related built environment discipline with substantial experience of working on large scale, preferably residential led development projects. You will have a clear understanding of viability and a proven track record of delivery. We are seeking individuals who can strengthen our core planning skills as well as broaden our capacity in areas such as development surveying and appraisal, project funding and financing, delivery vehicles and infrastructure design and funding. The majority of work for these roles will be within the southern half of the country and the preference is that two posts will be based in Milton Keynes. For all appointments you will need to be prepared to work flexibly and undertake regular travel throughout England. To find out more about the work of ATLAS, please visit www.atlasplanning.com For further information and to apply online please click on the Apply Now button Applications on a secondment basis also welcome. Closing date 25th January 2013