Title: Mobile Cleaning Operative  (Wales amp; South ****)
Webindex: 70076934
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;****billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview FMHead Office Purpose of Role To assist the site Manager to provide an efficient and professional cleaning service that meets the client requirements by supporting the cleaning operatives in the day to day issues. Key Objectives of the Role Assist with the recruitment and supervision of staff Induct, train and manage site operatives Ensure a professional and agreed service to the client Be responsible for maintaining the overall cleanliness of the school Ensure Health amp; Safety, quality and general procedure compliance Ordering of stock as directed by Line Manager Proactive reporting of nbsp;all Health and Safety issues Coach and support cleaning operatives to meet client standards and company objectives Monitor and manage the control of labour, consumables and cleaning materials within given budgets Annual Leave must be taken during the School Holiday period You will contribute to the school s overall achievements of its objectives. Comply with school and local authority policies and procedures relating to child protection, H amp;S, data protection, equal opportunities, resource management and employment Maintain school, student and staff confidentially Contribute to the overall ethos, aims and reputation of the school Support the development of a Virtual Learning Environment, the Specialist college and other key priorities identified in the current School development plan Undertake training and development as required and use your own expertise to assist, where appropriate and necessary, with the training and development of fellow employees. Job Level Overview The Job Holder is subject to general work instructions and direct supervision of progress and results. nbsp;He/She works within standardised work practices and procedures. The Job Holder is likely to have a vocational qualification and be able to demonstrate procedural/systematic proficiency that may involve competence in the use of specialised equipment. The Job Holder s performance will have minimal direct impact on both plc and Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Accountable for the completion of standard or nonstandard tasks within own area Acts as part of a team to delivers activities which support operational objectives Manages a variety of tasks and is able to plan accordingly within the shortterm Makes decisions within parameters set by manager, using job/specialist experience Maybe subject to regular local supervision of progress against results and escalates issues when required Interacts with stakeholders around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Supervises the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility Financial Accountabilities Supports the identification of ways to reduce cost Has awareness of cost/benefit as applicable to tasks performed May work within a given budget People Accountabilities May supervise a small team typically spending more than 50% of time supervising Able to organise a small team of individuals carrying out similar tasks May assist less experienced staff Manages the delivery of a team and escalates individual performance issues Knowledge and Applied Skills For nonsupervisory roles performs skilled work requiring technical training (NVQ3 or equivalent) Up to 3 years business experience, Level 3 NVQ or Certificate Level of Qualification. Graduate entry point Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information To perform duties across various customers properties over a wide geographical area. Deliver individual workload efficiently to ensure the maintenance of the agreed Cleaning Schedule. To ensure all procedures are followed particularly in the receipt, delivery and closure of Reactive work. Provide Area Cleaning Manager information as required to manage the region. Ensure all guidelines are followed whilst using a Carillion Fleet Vehicle Assist in the pricing of additional works using day work rates supplied. To carry out cleaning duties as required ensuring that the highest standards of cleanliness and hygiene are maintained in all designated areas. To work as part of a larger team when required. To carry out duties both supervised and unsupervised ensuring maximum productivity is maintained To ensure supplies of consumable materials such as paper towels, toilet tissue and soap are adequately controlled and to liaise with the Supervisor and / or Area Manager when stock requires replenishing. To ensure that waste disposal procedures are followed in respect of waste bins, refuse containers and ash trays as appropriate. Work within safe working practices in line with H amp;S guidelines using appropriate equipment (vacuums etc) where necessary. Wearing protective clothing/equipment as instructed. To conduct a Point of Work Risk assessment prior to commencing all reactive and periodic Tasks Carry out duties in accordance with training methods provided by Carillion. To ensure that cleaning equipment and machinery are used in the correct manner and cleaned after use. nbsp;All defects should be reported immediately they are noticed. Responsible for the safe and correct use of equipment as issued. To be economic and cost effective in methods of working and to ensure that wastage is kept to a minimum. To aid and assist new members of staff and to contribute to their training programme as required. To work in line with Health amp; Safety, quality and general procedure compliance. Proactive reporting of all Health amp; Safety issues. To identify key customers by name and to promote a culture of excellent customer service. Undertake any other appropriate duties as required by your Line Manager.