Title: Technical Development Manager  C / C++ / NET
Webindex: 67152243
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Technical Manager .NET / C / C++  A leading supplier to the defence sector is looking for a technical manager with excellent experience of the .NET framework and experience of full software development lifecycle and system delivery. Important Experience of FSDLC The Job A leading defence sector consultancy is looking for a senior level Software Manager to manage the software delivery across a Training System Solution to include managing training system production, full software development lifecycle and system delivery. Although this is a managerial role, you will have excellent technical knowledge and hands on development skills with object orientated software systems (.NET, C or C++) and will be doing some hands on development in your current role. The successful Technical Development Manager will need to have excellent problem solving skills, planning and estimation skills, a strong mathematical mind and will have experience of acceptance testing. Ideally you will have a degree from a top 20 / red brick University in either Engineering, Maths or Science subject (or equivalent). Ideally you will have experience of working in a defence or aerospace industry although this is not essential as long as your technical skills have been gained on enterprise level, highly technical, mathematical development projects. What is key is that you have worked on full scale integrated systems and have a good understanding of best practice, good process and good procedures as you will be representing the project to the client. Skills and experience: C, C++, .NET Technical background as a software developer or technical architect. Experience managing large complex projects. Object orientated software design. Distributed Systems. Desirable: Degree from a top 20 / red brick University in either Engineering, Maths or Science subject (or equivalent). Strong mathematical background. Defence or Aerospace experience. This is an excellent opportunity to join a company on a very high profile project in a key position that will offer excellent ongoing career progression opportunities. The technical manager is paying up to pound;****K  excellent benefits and will be based in Bristol. Due to the nature of the work you must have or have the ability to get security cleared to at least SC level