Title: Electrical Building Services Design Engineers
Webindex: 69966229
Company: Capital Strategy Associates
Description: We have a number of clients based in the North West, Birmingham, Hampshire, Croydon, Norwich and Yorkshire who are leading global and national Building Services Consultancies currently looking for electrical building services design engineers from intermediate/ junior through to principal or associate (equivalent) Projects include commercial, Nuclear and residential Please note: Locations for nuclear positions are both west and east Scotland, Sellafield, Risley Cheshire and Aldermaston near Reading Job Purpose The purpose of the role is to provide a comprehensive professional technical service around practicability studies, design, specification, project management commissions and to meet client requirements. The role will vary and be dependent on the objectives identified within the client Business Plan. Key Skills Develop and present project design proposals to a client following the external brief and internal discussions so that client requirements are met, acting as either lead internal consultant or as member of a team. Prepare, ready for tender, specifications, designs, drawings, equipment schedules and contract documentation. Issue in conjunction with the client, contract documentation to tender, adjudicate and recommend appropriate contractor to meet project requirements. Establish and agree clear responsibility as lead internal consultant for the project. Propose labour resource requirements, monitor time and disbursement spends, and takes remedial action as appropriate on allocating the charges to the individual job to ensure that financial objectives are met. When acting as lead Consultant undertake all aspects of project management as defined by the client in his letter of appointment. Manage, guide and develop technical subordinates in order that they may fully participate in their various teams. Maintain an up to date knowledge of new techniques and technologies by participating in conferences, attending Continual Professional Development sessions, reading technical in media etc. Essential Skills I Eng, degree with relevant experience, or HNC or equivalent with extensive relevant experience Wide breadth of experience and knowledge in Consultancy field, with detailed design skills in particular specialism. Appreciation of forms of agreement and contract documentation. Knowledge of job costing techniques. Due to the unprecedented volume of response we are currently receiving, regrettably, we are unable to respond to every application individually. If you have not heard back from us in 5 days, please assume your application has been unsuccessful, however your details will be entered on our database and we will be in contact when a suitable opportunity arises. In respect of the above advert, CS Associates is acting as a recruitment agency