Title: Electrical Operator Maintainer
Webindex: 69560076
Company: Premiere People
Description: My client is looking for an experienced operator maintainer with an electrical background. Working on a 4 on 4 off **** hour shift pattern. Overall Purpose Implementing the established operations and maintenance routines resulting in stable continuous production. Comply with all health, safety, quality and environmental standards. Key Activities Plant Utilisation Manage and control the allocated plant area by continuously communicating with the team members to ensure company quality, safety, environmental and production standards are met. Responsible for housekeeping duties in allocated area. Ensuring vehicles are loaded efficiently and safely. Plant Maintenance Assisting in the routine maintenance and fault finding of plant equipment by constant inspection tours. Teamworking Being a conscientious and selfmotivated team player. Developing effective working relationships with team leaders and colleagues. Attending work on time and maintaining good attendance record. Creativity and Innovation Displaying creativity and innovative ideas in all areas to drive performance. Contribute ideas readily and constructively in team meetings. Self Development Taking personal responsibility for self development and training. Waste Management Ensure compliance with Duty of Care for waste. Maintain records of approved waste carriers and site licences and ensure that waste is removed correctly from site. General Qualifications **** GCSEs at grade C or above (Desirable but not essential) Mobile plant licence(s) (Desirable but not essential) Electrical Engineering Knowledge  17th Edition (Essential) Relevant Experience Experience of heavy industry and rotating shift patterns. High level of safety awareness and good safety behaviours. High level of environmental awareness. 2 years experience in heavy industrial environment. Very good team player. Self Motivated and Enthusiastic Premiere People is a leading national recruitment consultancy with a network of branches across the UK. We have been established since **** and have grown to a marketleading consultancy. We supply permanent or temporary staff to all areas of business covering a variety of different industry sectors. Please be aware that we are receiving an unprecedented amount of advert response. Therefore, if you have not had a reply within **** working days we would kindly ask you to assume that your application has been unsuccessful. However, all CVs will be entered into our live database and we will contact you immediately should we feel that we have something of interest for you in the future. In respect of the above role(s), Premiere People operates as an Employment Agency as defined under the Employment Agencies Act ****