Title: Electrical CAD Engineer
Webindex: 58805598
Company: Support Services Group
Description: Our Client is a leading manufacturer of production machinery. With a global presence that works across a number of sectors including Wallcovering Printing Presses , Automotive Heat Exchanger equipment, Special Purpose Web Coating equipment and General ‘Special Purpose’ equipment they have a reputation for engineering excellence, simplicity of design and inbuilt reliability. Due to continued growth and future forecasted expansion they are now seeking to recruit an experienced Electrical CAD Engineer / Draughtsperson. The key responsibilities of the role include; • Produce multisheet electrical schematics and fascia drawings to IEC**** from engineers’ sketches using an AutoCAD based drawing package. Competence in Aceri’s ‘Electrical Designer’ and AutoCAD Electrical software would be an advantage. • Compile and issue of electrical parts lists, liaising with suppliers and the purchasing department to ensure parts are correct, delivered on time and comply with the Company’s ISO 9001 quality procedures. Experience of the electrical panel build process and the ability to assist and advise electricians with any technical queries which arise would be advantageous, but initially not essential. The ability to develop this aspect of the role is expected. An understanding of PLC, HMI and variable speed drive systems is preferable, but not essential. Overtime and occasional business travel (including overseas) will be expected, as each project demands. Along with the above skills and knowledge the successful applicant must be a team player with sufficient interpersonal skills to work closely with all levels of colleague and customer and be able to work with minimum supervision, managing each project to set timescales. In return my client can offer security and career development in an established business that is enjoying fantastic growth. To apply please send your CV, in confidence, to Chris Chamberlain at The Recruitment Fix Ltd This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectricalCADEngineer_job****