Title: ****  ATM Engineer  Nights
Webindex: 68803089
Company: RPC GROUP
Description: Our client is a very large secure solutions company. Their Cash Management Solutions business has expertise in cash and valuables transportation, cash processing, ATM and cash centre outsourcing, secure storage and retrieval. They are currently seeking an ATM Engineer to work Nights in the North London area. This is a permanent position. Opportunities exist at First Line Maintenance level and Second Line Maintenance level. Reporting to a Section/Territory Manager, you will be responsible for delivering ATM Engineering Solutions in line with customer SLA s. This is achieved through ensuring the best quality fix is performed on every visit. You will be required to adhere to company operational, security and health and safety procedures at all times. Specifically you will escalate any work order where the onsite time exceeds **** minutes to your Senior Engineer or other member of the technical support team where no clear resolution is known. You will escalate any issues affecting your ability to perform better, for example, site issues, note quality / packing / replenishment issues, issues with keys, local branch issues, part /tool / dispatch issues to your Section or Territory Manager for investigation. You will wear the company uniform at all times whilst on duty. You will attend work orders as assigned by Dispatch, attending sites in the order which will achieve the best possible fix times against the service level agreement time detailed on the work order. You will update accurate Estimated Time Arrival (ETA) into Personal Digital Assistant s (PDA) as necessary in order to update our customers. You will inform Dispatch via phone of every work order that is to be marked as an exception and / or a chargeable call providing details as required to update our customers. You will complete every work order with the most appropriate closure codes. You will ensure any noncontracted work orders are advised as per procedure for invoicing. You will maintain the company vehicle being used is taxed, serviced and kept clean and tidy. You will maintain sufficient boot kit stock levels to ensure no work order is left incomplete due to insufficient boot kit. You will complete the company s form CSF**** prior to using a company vehicle every time, maintaining full records for audit purposes. You will maintain all company equipment issued in a good condition, reporting details of any damage or loss to your Section / Territory Manager. Finally you will follow all technical instructions issued by a Senior Engineer or a member of the technical support team. Ideally you will be an accomplished ATM Engineer, able to identify root causes of problems relating to ATM Engineering. However our client is open minded as to your background and will consider interest from Service Engineers, Vending Machine Engineers, BT Engineers etc, You must be able to follow laid down instructions, able to work to deadlines and able to work unsupervised. You should be numerate, flexible and helpful and focused on the delivery of excellent customer service. You should be able to work as part of a team and be security conscious. You should have good interpersonal skills and excellent communication skills in English, both written and verbal. You should have held a current driving licence for at least 3 years and be able to pass a CRB check either obtained by Disclosure in Scotland or SIA Licence. You must also be able to pass a personal credit check and ID check. You must be prepared to undergo airport style searches. You should be PC / basic IT literate and have a clean / relatively clean driving licence.