Title: Principal Bridge Engineer
Webindex: 67946112
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction An excellent opportunity to work as a Principal Bridge Engineer in Reading Important Extensive Bridge Experience The Job Our client is an independent consultancy providing engineering services, planning and economics. We place sustainability at the heart of our culture and operation, and have built a worldclass reputation in a wide variety of market sectors. The company provides significant opportunity for career progression and personal development, through the delivery of high value quality services to influential clients. Creating a friendly and supportive environment for our employees where they can attain their personal career goals is a key aim of the Partners. We are currently seeking to recruit an enthusiastic and experienced Principal Engineer, to be a Technical Lead, Project Manager or Internal Brief Manager within the Bridges Group. This role will be based at our head office in Reading; however, travel throughout the UK may be required. The role holder will take on the responsibilities of structural design, independent checking, inspection and assessment of bridges, retaining structures and temporary works for highways and railways. The role will include (but is not limited to): Undertaking the role of Technical Lead/Project Manager on projects with fees up to pound;****k. Liaising with the client or Project Manager as appropriate to establish a clear definition of the project requirements, identify and manage both project and commercial risks Effectively managing the work output to meet client brief, budget and programme requirements Working with the Senior Associate/Technical Director to continuously improve the performance of the Bridges team and act as a mentor for more junior team members Assisting with the preparation of bids and contribute to marketing initiatives for the group Managing all of the technical aspects of the projects, including reports, drawings, calculations and specifications etc. in accordance with the Practice s QMS, EMS and H amp;S procedures Capabilities and Qualifications The ideal Candidate will: A positive and enthusiastic Chartered Engineer (MICE or MIStructE) with at least 5 years post chartered experience. The ideal candidates must: Excellent and demonstrable experience in the approval process, design, inspection and assessment of bridges, retaining structures and foundations in both railway and highways environment. Strong skills and experience of designing / assessment in reinforced and prestressed concrete and steel bridges and retaining walls. Experience in Eurocodes and BS **** Possess strong reporting, analytical and design skills with demonstrable problem solving ability. Will have extensive experience in the design of road and rail related structures preferably including station works. Ability to manage time and resources working on multiple concurrent projects and work independently where necessary and attend client/project meetings Ideally the applicant will be able to demonstrate their experience, competency and flexibility to meet the demands of the role.