Title: Manufacturing Engineer  MAE****
Webindex: 70077272
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction As a member of the Manufacturing Engineering team, you will liaise with and support Manufacturing, Design, Engineering and the Launch team to ensure robust manufacturing processes are implemented. Important Manufacturing The Job To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK The successful candidate will deliver a manufacturing plan for the new content which includes design feasibility, layout planning, facility amp; tooling requirements, process documentation and launch support. You will ensure that the highest quality build standards are achieved whilst ensuring the health amp; safety of technicians is never compromised. Key Responsibilities amp; Tasks: Process: To produce detailed Trim and Final assembly and Trimshop related Process Operation sheets including visual aids, torque amp; tooling detail, quality requirements and safety info. Manufacturing Feasibility: To evaluate manufacturing feasibility of design proposals from either Engineering CAD / Clay models, Engineering Drawings or Vis Mockup. You will propose changes to designs to improve ergonomics, quality or HPC and will provide error proofing strategies. Facilities / Layout: Working with Logistics amp; Facilities Engineers to determine efficient station layouts including modifications to existing facilities, racking amp; part presentation requirements, liaising with external suppliers of equipment and compiling necessary documents for implementation and approval. Manpower: Working with IE s to develop effective manpower requirements reflecting volume mix and model specification including methods improvements to achieve hours per car target. Tooling: To select the appropriate (volume representative) Jigs and Fixtures, including specialised trim hand tools and power tool requirements to meet vehicle quality and hours per car targets whilst ensuring operator safety targets are achieved. Health and Safety: To liaise with the Health amp; Safety department to ensure all processes amp; materials are suitable for the manufacturing environment. Project Environmental Checklists will also be required when raising Project requests. Vehicle Launch: Supporting build events to ensure that technicians are familiar with new process, fitting correct parts, using the correct tooling and achieving required quality standards. Quality Improvements: To liaise with production to ensure Lessons Learned roadmap actions are integrated into forward planning activities to achieve continual improvement Design for Assembly: To communicate best practices to Product Engineering to improve station ergonomics, hours per car and built in quality including poke yoke or error proofing Meeting Attendance: To represent Manufacturing Engineering at the various planning meetings to review status and provide feedback Qualification amp; Experience: A recognised engineering apprenticeship with substantial experience in the Motor Vehicle environment. ONC minimum qualification with HNC / Degree preferred. The successful candidate will have substantial Manufacturing Engineering experience, ideally within both Trim and Final assembly and interior trim, with an in depth understanding of Man Eng systems and procedures. A willingness to adopt new ideas with an open mind to low volume constraints.