Title: Service Desk Support Technician  1stline Support
Webindex: 68544586
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Service Desk Support  Customer Service, 1stline Technical Problem Resolution, Lateral Thinking, IT Degree / Background  Lincoln  Due to internal promotions I am looking for new members to join an existing support team across a number of IT disciplines. Important Customer Service, Technical Problem Resolution, Lateral Thinking, IT Degree / Background The Job Are you enthusiastic, dynamic, a lateral thinker and eager to learn? Maybe a recent IT graduate looking for their first role in IT? This could be your route into a long term career with a forward thinking company operating across the nation. Due to a number of recent internal promotions I am looking for Service Desk Support staff to join a fast paced IT Support team. The role will test your customer service skills; as you assist IT users of all abilities with problems ranging from trivial to complex, and your eye for detail; as you spot common mistakes and capture information about problems quickly and accurately. Ideal applicants will have An IT degree or vocational education within IT Some level of customer service experience Enthusiasm Excellent communication skills Also of benefit would be Existing knowledge of IT systems (Email, Windows Operating Systems, Microsoft Office, Telephone Systems) Support experience (perhaps for friends and family) Use of a help desk ticketing system (eg Remedy, ServiceNow, ServiceDesk Express) An understanding of ITIL Due to the anticipated high level of interest in this position we ask that you please submit a cover note with your CV explaining the reason you think you would be great for this position and detailing any relevant experience you think you have. In return a salary of up to pound;****k dependant on experience is on offer with a great set of employee benefits and support provided to allow you to grow within the company. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Service Desk Support  Lincoln  Customer Service, 1stline Technical Problem Resolution, Lateral Thinking, IT Degree / Background.