Title: Thermal Engineer
Webindex: 69007985
Company: Mansell Recruitment Group
Description: The Company My client is an Internationally known manufacturer of single board computer products,primarily for Multibis II, VME and Compact PCI architectures.It s products are designed and developed totally in  house and use leading  edge microprocessors and peripheral components . The Role You will work closely with the electronics and board layout engineers at all the different stages of board development, for both rugged and more benign environments. The design team operates in a small company environment which means that most designs are completed by an individual engineer. As a result, each engineer rapidly becomes involved with all aspects of the product design and development. Short design timescales are an important part of the development strategy, which also results in our engineers being involved in many different product designs quite quickly. The Candidate Essential Skills / Experience: Established Mechanical Design Engineer. Educated to graduate level and with experience of designing thermal solutions for electronic products in a range of operating environments. An ability to design costeffective and compact solutions which have excellent thermal transfer characteristics. Independent and a selfstarter, able to plan and carry out your work with little supervision and with the ability to deliver effective results in short timescales. Desirable Skills / Experience: Experience with boardlevel designs dissipating ****W or more, and using BGA packaged electronic components. Familiarity with VPX, VME or CompactPCI bus systems would be beneficial. Experience of the thermal and mechanical issues involved in designing for harsh environments such as airborne or ground vehicle mounted equipment would be a significant advantage. Familiarity with SolidWorks for mechanical design, and CF Design for thermal analysis. The Package ****  **** this isn t limited to but a guideline, there is flexibilty for an outstanding candidate We operate & advertise as an Employment Agency for permanent positions and as an Employment Business for contract/temporary positions