Title: Systems Engineers (Defence) Multiple opportunities
Webindex: 70757396
Description: Systems Engineers (Defence) Our client is a leading multinational Defence systems provider which boasts some of most advanced facilities in their areas of expertise. The client is developing technologies so advanced, that they are currently being utilised outside their own industry sector. At present the company employs well in excess of **** staff worldwide and continues to grow in parallel with their continued success. We currently have a variety of Systems Engineering positions available within the South West and South East. The roles will involve the following activities: o Carry out technical analyses and investigations, including evaluation and selection of technical options, individually or as a member of a project team. o Lead Engineering or Support activities o Prepare a full range of specifications (System, SubSystem etc.), develop designs in line with demanding customer specifications. o Define testing approaches and specify tests in assigned/specialist areas o Plan, control and deliver assigned projects or work packages, and make an input as required to crossfunctional projects/investigations. o Liaise with customer and subcontractors e.g. Review Customer s needs, present findings and promote Design Solutions. Suitable candidates will have proven skills and competencies in the following areas: o Degree or equivalent in a relevant discipline o Working in a Systems Engineering environment. o Proven analytical and problem solving skills o Experience in two or more of the following • System Definition • Systems Architecture Development e.g. MODAF • Systems Engineering Tools (DOORS, Rhapsody, Dimensions) • UML, SysML • Configuration Management • Requirements capture, decomposition and management • System Design and Analysis • Design Studies • Design/Performance Modelling • System Testing and Integration • Design Proving and Trials • Interface Design • System assessment and acceptance Ideally worked (or a desire to work) in at least one of the following related Areas: • Missile/Weapon Systems • Combat Systems • Command Control Systems • Military Communications The ability to speak French and/or Italian may be beneficial. Please Note: Due to the nature of work undertaken at our client s site, incumbents of these positions are required to meet special nationality rules and therefore these vacancies are only open to sole British Citizens. Applicants who meet this criteria will also be required to undergo security clearance vetting, if not already security cleared to a minimum SC level. If you are a good match then please apply with a CV to learn more about this truly fantastic opportunity to work for a market leader who has an enviable reputation. Key Words: Systems Engineer, Systems Architecture, Requirements Capture, Design, Integration, MODAF, DOORS, UML, Rhapsody, Dimensions Missile, Defence, Weapon, Military Electus Recruitment Solutions provides specialist engineering and technical recruitment solutions to a number of high technology industries. We thank you for your interest in this vacancy. If you don t hear from us within **** working days please presume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. You are of course free to resubmit your CV/details in the future and we shall assess your suitability at that time. These roles are permanent positions Electus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.