Title: Survey Manager
Webindex: 69568680
Company: CPS Group  Ltd
Description: As a credible member of the Private Pumping Station Transfer Team you will:  Collate information, brief and manage survey teams, carry out improvements, handover and training to Operations.  Work closely with other team members and other DCWW departments to ensure accurate and efficient collection and transfer of information.  Facilitate a positive perception by internal and external stakeholders of Dr Cymrus PPSTT capabilities. As a Survey Manager for the Private Pumping Station Transfer Team you will:  Review available information for each pumping station.  Liaise with Technical Engineer on brief for survey teams.  Instruct, train and manage survey teams to meet required programme.  Be responsible for all quality, commercial, health and safety and customer relations issues during surveys  Ensure all survey information is quickly updated into filing system, tracker sheet, SAP and GIS.  Assist in the identification of improvement works .  Instruct and manage subcontractors for improvement works .  Be responsible for all quality, commercial, health and safety and customer relations issues during improvement works  Assist in preparation of handover packs.  Manage transfer of power supplies and installation of telemetry.  Arrange training and handover to Operations  Rapidly react to accommodate high profile schemes that require fast tracking through the process. Principal Accountabilities  Ensuring that Health Safety is paramount in carrying out the programme.  Ensuring that all available information is collected and stored in the correct filing location.  Management of all on site activities  Highlighting issues and difficulties that may affect programme delivery.  Providing detailed relevant information to all team members and departments when required.  Meeting programme dates at all stages  Prioritise schemes within the programme in consultation with other team members.  Updating Risk Register and Issues Log for the programme and individual schemes  Weekly progress reporting  Carrying out any other duties as required to meet business needs. Experience, Qualifications and Skills  Relevant technical qualification  An understanding of the waste water utilities sector  Experience in and understanding of wastewater pumping stations and sewerage infrastructure  Experience of producing cost effective solutions to address asset risks  An understanding of the maintenance requirements of wastewater pumping stations  Ability to develop positive, collaborative relationships with stakeholders across the business.  Ability to work collaboratively in a multi team environment  Effective communication skills and the capability to translate them into a credible programme of work for others to follow Key Relationships Internal  Developer Services, OCC, Customer Liaison, SAP, GIS, Energy, Land Agents, Legal, Cost,  All levels of management within DCWW  Strong working relationships with the Wastewater Operations and Engineering Team  Advice and support from other functions ie HR, finance, regulation and customer services External  Supply Chain  Local Authorities, Housing Associations, Developers  Customers Competencies  Achievement Motivation  the drive and energy to produce excellent results and to continually find ways of improving relationships, outputs and processes.  Adaptability  the ability to maintain effectiveness with changing environments, tasks, responsibilities or people. The ability to modify one's approach or style in order to reach a goal.  Attention To Detail The tolerance for and ability to handle detail. The ability to be able to analyse, understand and produce detailed information accurately.  Communication skills  The drive and ability to exchange appropriate information with relevant people at the right time. The desire and skills to seek first to understand as well as to be understood. To be as open as confidentiality allows.  Critical Thinking  the ability to gather, understand, analyse and interpret information concepts, verbal or numerical.  Influencing Skills  the ability to make a clear, persuasive presentation of ideas or facts, verbally orin writing; to convince others; to gain agreement or acceptance of proposals or views.  Initiative  the ability to actively influence events rather than passively accept them. The ability to see opportunities and to act on them, to originate action.  Ownership and reliability  The readiness to take responsibility for projects or issues and to be accountable for their timely delivery and quality. The capacity and motivation to fulfil consistently any undertakings made. The habit of never letting people down or promising what can't be done.  Teamwork  the belief in the value of synergy; the drive and ability to work with others to achieve a common goal in an optimally effective way. CPS Group (UK) Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.