Title: Lead Electrical Service Engineer
Webindex: 67754966
Company: Clemtech
Description: Lead Electrical Service Engineer Job Ref ****Electrically biased Lead Service Engineer Job based in Kent Salary to &pound****k plus benefits Commutable from Canterbury, Folkestone, Gillingham, Gravesend, Herne Bay,Hythe, Maidstone, Margate, Sevenoaks, Sittingbourne, Tonbridge, and Whitstable.Managing and working with a team of 6 Service Engineers over 3 sites you will be responsible for prioritising and repairing mechanical and electrical defects on Plant and Heavy Vehicles. Repair work will need to be carried out on Electrical and Mechanical systems including power supply, propulsion, braking, auxiliary equipment and control and communication systems. Working with and managing a team of Service Engineers the position will be to provide support, leadership and technical guidance.You will need to be able to show the ability to Drive improvements Establish root causes and reliability issues on Electrical Systems andMechanical Services Tracking, monitoring and reporting on failure trends and premature component failuresDiscussing proactive solutions with the Project Engineering Manager. Communicate and drive improvements to promote the project and teams objectivesActively contribute to reduce repeat defects and maintenance issues.For this position you will need to show Significant and proven team management experience Excellent communication and influencing skills. The ability to clearly communicate technical issues to all levels A keen commercial awarenessQualified to HNC in Electrical Engineering this is a demanding management role that requires a highly motivated, logical and technically minded individual. If this Lead Service Engineers Vacancy is right for the next stage of your career development then email your CV for an initial informal discussion. The Job for Lead Service Engineer (Electrically biased) in Kent was posted by Clements Technical Recruitment (Clemtech) Clemtech are a Technical Recruitment Agency specialising in placing engineering, technical and office support staff in both contract and permanent vacancies. From our Head Office we deliver comprehensive recruitment solutions across the UK, Europe and Overseas providing our clients and candidates alike with unparalleled service, support and opportunities. Application for the position and subsequent acceptance to attend an interview for the Lead Service Engineer (Electrically biased) Job will be evident of your willingness to work in the position. This Electrical job vacancy is only open to candidates authorised to work in the U.K.