Title: Maritime Engineer
Webindex: 70536501
Company: URS Infrastructure Environment UK Ltd
Description: URS is currently recruiting for a Martime Engineer to be based in the Plymouth Office within the Maritime Engineering Team in the Buildings Infrastructure Operating Unit. The nature and scale of projects undertaken by the maritime section varies widely and includes lighthouses, RNLI facilities, fuel jetties, commercial ports and harbours, ferry berths, slipways, piers jetties, docks and lighthouses. Size of projects range from an inspection and report of a seawall on a local beach through to the design of a $100m oil jetty in Angola. Projects are predominantly located in the South West of England but the Team frequently works outside the Region for established clients and occasionally overseas. The candidate will be responsible for the delivery of maritime projects for a range of private and public sector clients, ensuring delivery on time and within budget. The work will involve the full life cycle of a project from development of initial design concepts through to detailed design and contract administration during construction work on site. Depending upon the size of the project, the candidate will either be the project lead or work within a team. The successful candidate will be a team player, capable of working effectively with engineers and other professionals and for managing inputs from more junior staff. The role will demand an appreciation of maritime engineering design principles and a track record of project design and implementation on site. Core Responsibilities:  Engineering design and analysis.  Briefing design engineers and checking drawings.  Briefing CAD Technicians and checking drawings.  Project Management and coordination with the Client and other professions.  Project administration in accordance with URS processes. You will need to have a relevant first degree, as well as a MSc or equivalent in Civil Engineering. You will either be an ICE Chartered Engineer, or be nearing chartered status.  Broad knowledge of the design and construction of civil engineering projects and the civil structural engineering analysis and design.  Familiarity with relevant civil structural design software.  Some ability with Autocad would be useful but not essential.