Title: Quality Assessor, Quality Manager (Food Industry)
Webindex: 69560264
Company: Sector Resources Ltd
Description: Management Systems Assessor  Food Industry Car, Pension, Healthcare Location UK, Homebased Hours of Work **** Job Overview To lead single discipline and participate in multi discipline assessment teams delivering ISO and associated sector scheme certification. Job Responsibilities Key Responsibilities What is the role accountable for and what are its key responsibilities?  Undertake client management activities for assigned customers.  Lead or participate in preliminary assessments, assessments, followup visits, surveillances and certificate renewals to contract and budget requirements.  Comply with company procedures, accreditation schemes, legislation and industry standards.  Produce verbal and written assessment reports on time and to the agreed format.  Discuss and justify the findings of the report and agree the outcome with clients.  Undertake necessary documentation, data, administration and communication activities needed to successfully fulfil responsibilities  Pursue CPD and maintain a high degree of discipline knowledge and awareness  Coach other employees  Identify new and additional business opportunities, advise clients on company services and action any resulting leads.  Lead or participate in special projects. Job Requirements Location : East/West Midlands Qualifications:Degree or HNC/HND in a science subject. Experience:  At least 5 years (post graduate) recent experience in the food industry is essential at a Supervisory or managerial level .  Knowledge and experience in the chemical industry is desirable.  A comprehensive knowledge and understanding of ISO9001: **** quality management system including knowledge of relevant UK legislations is essential.  Knowledge and experience of Environmental and Health and Safety Management Systems including relevant UK legislation is desirable.  Experience of BRC and ISO 22000 is desirable.  Professional membership: Relevant professional qualification/membership (e.g. CQI, IEMA,NEBOSH) is desirable.  Registered lead assessor (IRCA, IEMA) is desirable.  Excellent verbal and written skills are essential.  You will need to be pragmatic and credible and have a high standard of personal presentation.  You will need to have some experience of working on standard MS software packages, i.e., word, excel, powerpoint, outlook  The position is home based, and will require travel mainly throughout your region to client sites, with occasional travel abroad and periods away from home. Valid driving licence and ability to work in the UK. Excellent package and opportunity. Call Rachel Adams NOW on (Apply online only) or (Apply online only) or apply online with CV Library