Title: Electronics / Hardware Engineer
Webindex: 68805573
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction A fantastic and exciting opportunity has arisen for a Hardware Engineer to work for a leading electronics consultancy s key site in Cheltenham. This is working in a small team specialising in new designs of complex military systems. Your designs will go o Important Power and Electrooptical systems The Job Hardware / Electronics Engineer Power and Electrooptical systems This organisation is a leading innovator of their chosen sector and is located in very easy reach of the M5. They hold an outstanding history in the design and development of electronic systems for the defence, security and aerospace markets. They also acting as one of the areas leading employers, this is a large organisation and can offer great long term employment and career prospects. Relocators are welcome to apply for this global leader and my client can offer assistance to those who qualify. Responsibilities for this Hardware / Electronics Engineer Generation of requirements to the implementation level Concept design to meet statuary safety requirements Component selection and circuit design to interface processors/microcontrollers to digital networks, digital and analogue signals Design to minimise EMC risks and manage thermal effects Detail to prototype standard, schematics ready for PCB layout. Production of design specifications, design descriptions and test procedures. Provide technical and cost data to Sales amp; Marketing Managers during bid preparation. Requirements for this Hardware / Electronics Engineer Proactive design of electronics covering at least one of the following: high speed digital integrated processor electronics analogue circuits EMC signal filtering DCDC converters analogue/digital interface electronics Due to the nature of the work at this site, applicants must be capable of achieving SC level UK security clearance. Current clearance is not a requirement. Additional notes: As a Hardware / Electronics Engineer at the top of your profession you ll find this role to be both challenging and rewarding, whilst providing a brilliant chance to join a growing, successful organisation. The company offer an excellent salary and benefits package as well as great prospects for career progression. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK