Title: Vessel Manager
Webindex: 67946348
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Vessel Manger to join one of the world s leading transportation companies. My client currently operates a fleet of **** major ocean vessels. Important Previous service as 2nd Engineer or above on LNG / LPG vessels or Liquid cargo vessels. The Job Job Purpose To ensure compliance with the company s safety management system (SMS) under the Safety and Environmental Policy and to achieve the Quality Objectives stated in the company Mission Statement, the Fleet Management department must contribute to the ship s performance and meet customer s requirements from both technical and financial points of view. Primary Job Responsibilities and Measurement The Fleet Management Section is responsible for the ship s performance in accordance with SMS and must carry out the following: a) Giving necessary instructions to ships. b) Guiding and supervising crew as the exclusive contact with ships. c) Reviewing crew performance and approving. d) Handling marine accidents. e) Ordering repair work, parts, ship s stores and LO; monitoring the arrangement process, ensuring connection of goods to vessels, and completing servicing safely. f) Supervision of the outsourced repair work. g) Negotiations with shipyards and manufacturers of machinery and equipment. h) Budget Management. i) Monitoring maintenance management of the fleet. j) Arranging and following up SIRE and Oil Major Inspections. k) Settling Guarantee claims. l) Maintaining ship s total performance to satisfy TCP. The Vessel Manager must carry out his own duties under the authority given by the Fleet Manager, and must be responsible to the Fleet Manager. The Vessel Manager must carry out and be responsible for the following duties of each ship in his charge under the guidance and supervision of the Fleet Manager: a) First point of contact with each ship under his control. b) Ensuring that ships under his control are operated safely and efficiently as per Company SMS, NYK requirements, so that: ships under his control comply with all relevant national and international rules, classification society rules, international conventions, industry standards and Company requirements. information on technologies, and laws and regulations, is collected and analysed, and such information is disseminated among ships in his charge. all matters which are of a concern for the safe operation of the vessel, interruption to the voyage and deviation of the vessel, are reported to the Fleet Manager immediately. Maintenance Criteria is prepared in accordance with SMS. he is responsible for the ordering repair work, parts, ship s store, LO, etc., ensuring they are received by the ships under his charge on time. he ensures that all shipboard raised requisitions are promptly acted upon and Fleet Assistant and vessel advised about their status. Any queries from the vessel regarding raised requisitions should be addressed by the Vessel Manager. he is responsible for matters related to handling of all services regarding drydock work, undergoing surveys, the selection of a dockyard, drydocking schedule and the drydock repair specifications. the technical and financial ship performance data is collected and analysed; he is responsible for handling marine accidents of or related to each ship in his charge. ensuring he is ready to go the site upon receiving the dispatch order from Fleet Manager. c) Carrying out shipboard inspections as per the Fleet Manager s Shipboard visit plan; preparing the report of the ship visit as per company procedure; monitoring the planned maintenance system for all ships under his control, including the validity of all ship s certificates; addressing any overdue PMS items in close cooperation with the Chief Engineer and providing guidance to the ship. Skills, Qualifications and Requirements The Vessel Manager must be the holder of a Command level certificate of competence (Engine) or an equivalent qualification. Previous service as, 2nd Engineer (i.e. 1st Assistant Engineer) or above rank on LNG / LPG vessel or Liquid cargo vessel, or as a Vessel Manager/Engineer Superintendent of Liquid cargo vessel, or experience working within the technical department of a comparable shore organisation is essential. Advanced Tanker safety Training. Advanced Tanker safety Training (Gas). ENG 1 Medical Certificate (or equivalent). To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK