Title: PAT Testing Engineer  Maidstone, Kent
Webindex: 71194532
Company: Randstad
Description: The position entails carrying out Portable Appliance Testing of all portable electrical equipment at customer sites, in line with IEE Code of practice. Experience of PAT Testing is essential. Your main duties will be to carry out testing of portable electrical equipment in offices, Schools and many other commercial and residential Buildings. Successful candidates will be expected to carry out inspection and testing of electrical appliances in excess of **** tests per day, with results being recorded directly to a PDA device. Therefore sound IT skills and literacy skills are essential. You will also be required to carryout lighting maintenance works for our client base; therefore a sound knowledge of electrical principles and electrical safety would be ideal, although additional training will be provided. You will be liaising directly with Customers therefore excellent customer service skills are essential. The ideal candidate will be flexible, as times may vary and may be possible overnight stays in paid accommodation but this will be only on occasions. The areas covered is primarily the South East but may also include Central London, and nationwide on occasion. Candidate must be well presented smart appearance. Company Van supplied or mileage allowance paid Test equipment will be provided. Full time position. Some working out of hours Leading to Permanent, employed PAYE status Access to Stakeholder Pension Scheme Jobs requirements Must have full driving licence Qualified to City amp; Guilds **** and 17th Edition is preferred. However, training will be given to applicants with experience and sound electrical knowledge Basic IT and Literacy Skills are essential Must be able to use a PDA device. Good positive attitude Flexible approach to work and travel Good customer relations Regular reporting to the Customer Help Desk Able to work to schedules and maintain targets. ESI: strongly believe in developing our staff to reach their potential, we encourage all staff to continue their education and look to allow engineers to train and develop into other roles within the business to allow staff to reach their personal goals.