Title: Manufacturing Manager
Webindex: 66980393
Company: Professional Technical Recruitment
Description: Manufacturing Manager (FMCG or Chemical) Excellent Salary with company benefits Location: Nottinghamshire The company are a family run business that have been established for over 60 years. Due to retirement, they now have an integral role for an experienced Maintenance/Manufacturing professional to join the company. Responsibilities: •Plan and coordinate all maintenance to machinery around production requirements •Ensure and Improve all planned preventive maintenance within the Resource Department •Maintain proper records of service requirements and services completed •source & maintain economic stocks of replacement parts for plant & equipment •maintain all buildings, gardens, plant, equipment and services to the predetermined standards •Actively involved in team meetings across the business •Introduce and regularly update KPI’s for the department •Working with relevant internal parties to produce machinery capex requests •Plan & coordinate suitable emergency support to buildings, plant & equipment e.g. 3rd party companies e.g. alarms, equipment etc. •Undertake stock audits and ordering of relevant parts •Take active involvement in the introduction of new equipment on site (researching, sourcing, physical placement, commissioning and training relevant parties) •maintain support procedures to the emergency services in the event of fire, flood, breakin •liaise with external bodies of fire, police, environment, health & safety, factory inspectorate on aspects required of the Company and those of benefit to the Company •Recruit, train & maintain a team of suitably qualified employees to perform the required maintenance and support tasks •A good understanding of pipe work to production line •Negotiate with service providers of energy, heat, light, power, air, water •Undertake all aspects of managing employees e.g. recruitment, disciplinary, appraisals, training and development etc. •Actively involve and lead Continuous improvement activities for operations and other areas of the business. •Take a lead role in recruitment, induction, training and reviewing seasonal workers for the operations area ensuring that they meet manufacturing standards and are H&S compliant. •Own the training matrix for your area of responsibility, ensuring that all employees are multi skilled and can undertake any task. •Undertake twice yearly appraisals, •Work effectively and efficiently to assist in the running of a profitable business Requirements: HND/HNC (or equivalent) in Mechanical or Electrical Engineering Good machinery knowledge across the factory (Labellers, cappers, fillers – weights and set ups, changeovers, shrink wrap, conveyors and formulation to production lines) Ideally experience in both electrical and mechanical disciplines Experience in a Chemical environment preferred A good understanding of pipework to production line Solid Computer Skills Minimum of 5 years experience working in a manufacturing environment Managed a small team before Exposure and understanding of quality and H&S systems Delivered and been involved in continuous improvement activities This is a fantastic opportunity to join a very well established company that can offer a stable, varied and rewarding career. If you match the above requirements, please forward a copy of your CV details to Beverley.reavillprofessionaltechnical.com (agy) Professional Technical is a specialist recruitment consultancy supporting the engineering recruitment market, developing recruitment partnerships with engineering businesses on a national scale. Professional Technical supply the engineering and technical talent so that our clients can focus on the core elements of engineering. Professional Technical is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.