Title: PROJECT MANAGERBusiness Support Systems to TELCO LONDON****K  West End
Webindex: 68805058
Company: Randstad
Description: A fantastic opportunity for a PROJECT MANAGER to join a leading global provider of BUSINESS SUPPORT SYSTEMS to TELCO providers worldwide. Based in the West End this role offers a salary of pound;****k basic plus package. THE COMPANY: This is one of the leading providers of convergent CRM amp; Billing solutions to fixed, mobile, IP and convergent telecom operators worldwide. With more than **** customer installations worldwide, the client has a proven track record of delivering costeffective solutions to the telecoms sectors challenges of today and tomorrow. With the combination of leading edge products and highly skilled, experienced staff are able to provide longterm solutions to their clients. These include fully integrated systems to outsourced billing services. THE ROLE: As PROJECT MANAGER you will be responsible for project managing the delivery of a world class CRM, Billing, Mediation, Provisioning amp; Interconnect solutions and liaise with customers, system implementers, business managers amp; the development teams. You will ensure the successful delivery of fixed priced end to end projects and implementations to time, specification and budget and ensure that they are of the highest quality and will be responsible for managing all aspects of delivery, including managing scope, budget and plan strictly against contract, ensuring that projects are managed in accordance with the Project Delivery Methodology. This is a handson role, managing a team amp; working on projects with a worldwide customer base. REQUIRED SKILLS: Experienced in delivering CRM amp; Billing Solutions Experience of Business Analysis amp; Testing Experienced in a Project Management Role SQL Experience Oracle DBMS UNIX Knowledge of the Software Development life cycle Experience of Project Planning amp; Tracking Tool, like MS Project Experience of Financial Status Reporting Excellent Client Relationship Skills Project Costing, Planning and Tracking Delivery Management Skills Educated to Degree level (or equivalent) Flexibility to Travel Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills amp; qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. Skills Project Management, Telco, Oracle, Unix, SQL, CRM, Billing, Testing, Client Relationships, Business Analysis