Title: Field Service Engineer’s
Webindex: 68061350
Company: Pioneer Selection
Description: Overview: A large company of heavy earth moving machinery are currently recruiting for a number of Field Service Engineer’s across London and the Home Counties, with a background in heavy plant machinery such as diggers, dumpers and excavators to join their established team. Offering unrivalled inhouse training this is a fantastic opportunity to work on some of the best plant equipment around as well as lots of chances to progress your career. The Company: What started from a small family run business has now grown to become a dynamic company who are evolving and continuing to expand. In what is a very competitive industry, our client has a strong brand and operates across the UK, providing clients with the most reliable machinery on the market along with excellent customer care and technical support. The Role of a Field Service Engineer This is a Field Service role, working from home travelling to key customers sites. Typical equipment would include heavy excavators, dump trucks, diggers etc, as well as mobile tower cranes and forklifts. Your duties will be to service and repair mechanical, hydraulic and electric faults that occur on the machines as well as making any modifications to equipment based on client’s requirements. Key Skills: The successful Field Service Engineer will already have experience as a plant engineer where they have repaired heavy construction plant or earthmoving machinery. However our client has an extensive budget for training and believes in developing their staff, therefore candidates from a forklift, plant or forces background where you have worked on repairing mechanical, hydraulic and electrical issues will also be given the opportunity to join this established business. Benefits: Excellent basic salary along with company car and Overtime. Salary: **** **** Commutable from: Croydon, Surrey, Slough, Berkshire, Enfield, London, Bedford, Bedfordshire, Hertford, Hertfordshire, Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a: Field Service Engineer, Plant Fitter or Plant Engineer If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Alternatively for further details contact Beau Giambrone by clicking the 'Apply for this job' button Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldServiceEngineers_job****