Title: Lean Facilitator
Webindex: 69081965
Company: Professional Technical Ltd
Description: Lean Facilitator Location: Lichfield, Staffordshire Excellent Salary with company benefits The company are very well respected and recognised in their field and due to a a very positive erger with another industry leader they are now looking at their manufacturing facility an how this can be improved. As a key part of the integration with the other business it is important that they develop a process of identifying improvements and implementing them. To achieve this, the role of Lean Facilitator is required to ensure that the Managing Director and Senior Team have assistance in identifying and tracking activities. KEY ACTIVITIES: Coordinate and lead a truly dynamic Lean Campaign. Develop procedures for managing Kaizen events. Ensure events are prioritised, planned and implemented efficiently. Monitor and record savings from events. Develop ****S audits and assist with the auditing plan. Train employees in Lean Level 1 (LC1) and act as the champion and change agent of Lean thinking. Provide assistance and guidance to staff running Lean events. Assist other Group Companies in Lean Processes Work with Managers to define current and future state value streams and prioritise data for Kaizen activities. Any other duties as may be appropriate and agreed from time to time to support WPS principles. Travel to and overnight stays at locations other than their main site will be needed. PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES: Selfstarter able to work with minimal guidance. Confident and able to talk and relate to employees throughout the whole company. Highly computer literate in use of normal Office Packages. Capable of delivering training and presentations. Logical thinker yet able to question and challenge normal practices. Knowledge of ****S and lean principles and tools is highly desirable although training will be given in WPS processes. INTERVIEW PROCESS: As part of the selection process candidates will be required to give a PowerPoint presentation outlining their background and examples of Lean thinking. This really is a fantastic opportunity to join a progressive business that can offer you an interesting and stable career. For further details, please forward a copy of your CV details to (url removed) (Agy) Professional Technical is a specialist recruitment consultancy supporting the engineering recruitment market, developing recruitment partnerships with engineering businesses on a national scale. Professional Technical supply the engineering and technical talent so that our clients can focus on the core elements of engineering. Professional Technical is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy