Title: New Product Development Project Engineer
Webindex: 67958112
Company: Advanced Resource Managers Limited
Description: New Product Development Project Engineer Fareham, Hampshire ****k  ****k Our client is recruiting for a New Product Development Project Engineer to undertake the development of new products, equipment and process technology for the UK Foodservice business. To manage and implement development projects covering new innovations in both paper and plastics products and technology. Main Responsibilities Develop an indepth understanding of the UK manufacturing processes to enable innovations to be integrated with the existing manufacturing processes. Operating within the NPD process, manage development projects relating to products, equipment and tooling on time, in full and to budget by controlling all aspects including scheduling of activities, managing budgets, communicating and managing actions required by other departments. Identifying suppliers of technology, products and services relating to development projects. Coordinate project activities with multidisciplinary teams involving personnel and 3rd parties to deliver innovations. Undertake the design of equipment, tooling and ancillary systems to deliver innovative products and technologies relating to own and other specified projects Identify new opportunities to apply 3rd party technology to the manufacture of appropriate Foodservice products. Communicate with other manufacturing operations and central functions to identify opportunities to share development initiatives. To keep abreast of technological and market forces relating to the Paper and Plastic Packaging industries and ensure these are managed into the product offering. Propose creative ideas for new product development opportunities based on technical or engineering advances To escalate problems/issues arising to the Development Manager (functional manager), Account Manager, Technical and Production Managers, in an appropriate and timely manner. Provide support in the design of equipment and tooling using 2D 3D CAD drawing systems for other projects. Cooperate with UK Engineering functions in delivering projects relating to the installation and relocation of production and ancillary equipment. We are keen to hear from candidates with a proven ability of working in a high volume manufacturing operation, ideally working with plastics and/or paper processing. Degree in a suitable Engineering Discipline (Mechanical, Production). Minimum Upper 2nd class degree. Additional Engineering related qualifications. E.g Chartered Engineer Experience of using 2D or 3D CAD software to design tooling, or similar precision components Demonstrated Project Management skills. Good oral and written communication skills Proven communication and teamwork skills This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. Our industry coverage includes, but is not limited to: Infrastructure and Built Environment, IT (including Security, Communications, SaaS, ERP, IT Sales, and more) Oil and Gas, Defence, Engineering and Technology, Technical Sales, Energy, Space, Telecommunications, Manufacturing and much, much more. We will never send your CV without your permission.