Title: 3rd Line Wintel Engineer
Webindex: 71194707
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction 3rd Line Wintel Engineer (Technical Lead) with Strong Project or Consultant background and skills in VMWare, Storage (SAN, NAS, Fibre), Server and Exchange required for a Top IT Consultancy, based in Winchester. Important Windows, Engineer, VMWare, SAN, NAS, Exchange, Project, Citrix, ITIL, VCP, MCSE The Job This is a fantastic role for a Lead / 3rd Line Wintel Engineer to join a leading IT Consultancy, based in Winchester. Your role as 3rd Line Wintel Engineer will be a key role in the organisation, as a technical lead, managing, developing and supporting internal platforms and for external customers. Your work will involve Consulting, managing projects, and delivering projects to both new and existing clients. You will work in a highly technical, fast paced environment for a fast growing company, that will enable you to make your mark This exciting 3rd Line Wintel Engineer role requires skills or experience in: Virtualisation VMware multiple hosts on shared storage (design, build, administration and troubleshooting) Storage SAN, NAS, Fibre, ISCSI (design, build, administration and troubleshooting) Exchange 2003/****/2010 (design, build, administration and troubleshooting) Windows 2003/**** DNS, AD, GP, etc (design, build, administration and troubleshooting) Project Management system installations : system migrations : office relocations Terminal Server (design, build, administration and troubleshooting) Symantec Backup solutions Planning, managing and delivering projects  Ideally to a methodology such as PRINCE2. Writing both business and technical focused proposals for clients. Dealing with business leaders and IT professionals confidently and professionally. Ability to work with minimal supervision and management. Ideally you will have MCSE and VCP certifications or equivalent, proven ability. Desirable Skills:  Citrix  Veeam  Doubletake  Networking TCP/IP Routing and Switching (config and support)  SQL server setup, administration and troubleshooting  ITIL knowledge  Linux build and administration In Summary  if you are a 3rd Line Wintel Engineer and are looking to join a fast paced Consultancy, and have solid, proven ability as a 3rd Line Engineer, including Project Work with VMWare, Server and Exchange  send your CV today To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK