Title: Asst Buyer
Webindex: 67946625
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;****billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview UK ConstHead Office Purpose of Role Why the role is needed To deliver effective procurement solutions to Work Winning, Major Project Delivery teams and the Business as a whole. To improve performance and reduce cost and business risk significantly. To deliver a better value supply chain by embedding category strategies into the projects and focusing on the needs of internal amp; external customers. Role in the context of business strategy nbsp;Business strategy states that Supply Chain will be delivered through a combination of Category Management and Operational Procurement (Supply Management). This role will mange the supply of goods and services across part of a Business Unit in order that financial savings and performance improvements are made through a more strategic approach to supply chain management and a more integrated approach with our customers (internal amp; external) nbsp;and our suppliers . Key Objectives of the Role The specific areas of accountability of the role are as follows : Works with stakeholders and category managers to understand customer requirements and implement the most appropriate supply chain and category solutions Is responsible for supporting the supply chain solution for Work Winning in the Business Unit as required Prepares and issues enquiries, carries out quotation analysis and evaluation outside of category managed areas Selects and proposes appropriate vendors Attends negotiations with suppliers amp; subcontractors Complies with all corporate Supply Chain processes amp; procedures Contributes to the implementation of project/business Supply Chain strategies Manages procurement against a procurement programme Resolves problems between suppliers and Carillion, expedites quotes and deliveries Liaises with stores/site team/suppliers Prepares and presents reports as required, achieves targets set by team Supports the Supply Manager as necessary Ensures that the supply chain is safe, sustainable and appropriately accredited Supports performance management and supplier development programmes, provides metrics and trend analysis. Supports the installation of corrective action plans Achieves targets set by the Head Of Supply Management. Prepares and presents timely amp; accurate reports Job Level Overview The Job Holder is subject to general work instructions and direct supervision of progress and results. nbsp;He/She works within standardised work practices and procedures. The Job Holder is likely to have a vocational qualification and be able to demonstrate procedural/systematic proficiency that may involve competence in the use of specialised equipment. The Job Holder s performance will have minimal direct impact on both plc and Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Accountable for the completion of standard or nonstandard tasks within own area Acts as part of a team to delivers activities which support operational objectives Manages a variety of tasks and is able to plan accordingly within the shortterm Makes decisions within parameters set by manager, using job/specialist experience Maybe subject to regular local supervision of progress against results and escalates issues when required Interacts with stakeholders around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Supervises the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility Financial Accountabilities Supports the identification of ways to reduce cost Has awareness of cost/benefit as applicable to tasks performed May work within a given budget People Accountabilities May supervise a small team typically spending more than 50% of time supervising Able to organise a small team of individuals carrying out similar tasks May assist less experienced staff Manages the delivery of a team and escalates individual performance issues Knowledge and Applied Skills For nonsupervisory roles performs skilled work requiring technical training (NVQ3 or equivalent) Up to 3 years business experience, Level 3 NVQ or Certificate Level of Qualification. Graduate entry point Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information To be based from the Birkenhead office.