Title: Laboratory Technician  Maternity Leave Cover 612 months
Webindex: 72404550
Company: VGC
Description: My client are an engineering company based in Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire who will require a Laboratory Technician for Maternity Leave cover starting early February for 612 months. JOB PURPOSE: To help oversee the product development test laboratories; facilitating all aspects of physical testing. To help improve our facilities and expertise. When required the role will also require project work and production support. ATTRIBUTES/ REQUIREMENTS: This is an opportunity to learn new things, take on new roles and expand your skills for a period of six to 12 months. We will provide necessary training and mentoring. We just seek the following attributes: Willingness to learn Enthusiasm enjoys variety, multiskilling and varied workloads. Good team player with excellent communication skills Open minded, looking for ways to improve and develop Good at creating ideas and enjoys innovation Willing to take on a challenge A pride in your work OBJECTIVES/ Key Tasks: Involved in both the delivery of the test laboratory programme of work and in production, there is a wide range of job functions. These will include: Support the testing department work schedule  actively planning for testing, work instructions, training etc To become an expert with and use various test equipment in the development of products and assist with development and assembly of new equipment, tools and jigs as required. Assist in outlining and preparing tests and with analysing data and report writing/preparation of result as required Assisting with research e.g. test types, standards, material information etc Assist in the evaluation and testing of new products, materials etc Participate in relevant product development projects. To cooperate with project engineers, and people from other departments to deliver test programmes and ensure they meet the project requirements. Ensure the Equipment Calibration is undertaken and accurate at all times. Support the Certification of relevant products. E.g. Pedestrian legform, knee ligaments. Deliver the preparation of samples for both customers and inhouse testing. Assist with the preparation of job packs and drawings for production purposes. Help ensure the safe running of the Laboratory  relying on common sense, concern for yourself and others, training, and follow appropriate guidelines and legislation. To carryout various production roles as and when required. Maintaining the ****S principals in the laboratory. To adhere to health and safety regulations (including adequate knowledge of COSHH, MSDS, PPE) To attend relevant training courses, to enhance and learn new skills. To plan and undertake specific projects (NB: Due to the dynamic nature of the work new projects are continuously being developed and additional tasks may be required) GENERAL: Ensure a professional, quality service (external and internal) is provided at all times. Be conversant with and adhere to the Company s Health, Safety, Quality and Environmental Policies and all other Company Rules and Policies. Ensure others follow. Liaise closely with relevant departments to ensure effective communication regarding all aspects of your work. Continually look for ways to improve, e.g. processes, procedures, test equipment, etc,Work will be primarily related to: Material Testing Product Development Projects e.g. testing of new products like pedestrian friendly bonnets, architectural panels, crash test dummy parts etc Quality Testing Developing new equipment Customer Test Programs  e.g. honeycomb testing, providing reports, high speed footage etc Problem Solving Calibration Testing Production Support