Title: COGNOS BI REPORTING  ANALYST DEVELOPER  MIDDLESEX
Webindex: 70076856
Company: Randstad
Description: COGNOS BI REPORTING  ANALYST DEVELOPER  MIDDLESEX needed with the following skills; Strong working experience in Cognos **** Data manager, Framework Manager, Transformer, Report Studio, Analysis/Query Studio and Cognos Go Office Excellent knowledge of Kimball s data ware house methodology Strong SQL writing and query tuning skills using Oracle/SQL server Report writing experience using OLAP and Relational models using Report Studio Hands on experience of working within an ERP system, particularly data maintenance and / or developing data extractions will be an advantage Proven experience in gathering requirements and analysing data. Knowledge and experience within the Pharmaceutical industry and GxP principles would be an advantage. Knowledge and experience of working in crossfunctional, international project environments in a matrix management structure; Results orientated with a positive outlook, excellent communication and interpersonal skills; Attitude of continuous system improvement, and can do A Project Management accreditation or proven experience of managing medium to large projects. A qualification in knowledge management, information science or equivalent could be an advantage. Available for periods of international travel. Domain expertise of finance, M amp;S, Sales , Procurement or human resources Experience in Cognos Controller/Planning/TM1 is desirable Experience in migration of Cognos **** to Cognos **** is desirable Willingness to work in other BI and performance management systems with crosstraining A full job spec is available and all cvs by email in the first instance. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills amp; qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. Skills COGNOS, CONTROLLER, TM1, HYPERION, REPORTING, DATA MANAGER, FRAMEWORK MANAGER, TRANSFORMER, REPORT STUDIO, COGNOS TOOLS