Title: EIA Team Leader
Webindex: 69560180
Company: Fusion People Ltd
Description: My client is one of the leading consultancies in the UK working with clients throughout the public and private sectors. The business offers services across a variety of markets including highways and infrastructure. Due to an increased workload and the fact an existing member of staff is due to go on maternity leave shortly this client has an urgent vacancy for an EIA team leader. The role is based in one of the clients London offices with the team they will manage being split between London and Manchester (**** employee in Scotland) as such the successful candidate will be required to travel to Manchester maybe once a week or every ****/3 weeks dependant on projects and workload. The successful candidate will be required to lead and manage a professional team to deliver project work for consultancy services in Great Britain and Ireland. You ll also be involved in business development activities by identifying and proactively pursuing new business opportunities. Managing the national resource you ll ensure effective project resource allocation as well as managing motivating, mentoring and developing professional staff. The candidate must have team leader experience and must have managed a team previously (current team size is ****) as well as having the required technical experience within EIA/FEA. To be considered for the role you must have a relevant degree (or equivalent) and post graduate qualification in environmental assessment and control, you ll have relevant Professional Chartership and will demonstrate significant consultancy experience at a managerial level, across a range of business sectors. With demonstrably good commercial awareness, an appetite for business development, and excellent reportwriting and client liaison skills you ll also have an uptodate knowledge of UK environmental legislation and outstanding communication skills in order to lead and develop people from a wide range of backgrounds. Your experience will include solid commercial responsibility for consultancy projects, managing small teams of professional staff and writing successful proposals for environmental assessment work. For further information on this role or to submit a CV please contact Jack Bartlett on or (Apply online only) quoting the reference number ENV****  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business