Title: Electrical, Controls and Instrumentation Engineer
Webindex: 70218793
Company: Kinetic Plc
Description: Position: Electrical Control ****  Location: West Yorkshire  Commutable from: Leeds, Wakefield, Bradford, Huddersfield, Halifax, Dewsbury, Oldham, Sheffield, Barnsley, Pontefract, etc . Shift: Days, Monday  Friday Duration: Permanent Overview Our client is a leading waste management business that owns several Power Stations across the country including one in West Yorkshire. These plants take household municipal waste and through a process of mass burn incineration and heat recovery produce electricity for the local area whilst also disposing of waste as part of a long term waste management contract. This particular plant is proud to have achieved on average of 98% plant availability in recent years thanks to its experienced and dedicated Operations and Maintenance Team that work hard to keep the plant online. We currently have an opportunity for **** (maybe ****) experienced Electrical, Controls and Instrumentation Technicians to join this team. Job Description Reporting into the Maintenance Manager the Electrical, Controls and Instrumentation Technician will ultimately be responsible for working as part of a team to ensure the availability of the electrical plant, DCS, PLC s and instrumentation that keep the site operational. Duties will include:  Faultfinding, maintaining and providing expert knowledge of EC s, ABB Melody DCS, CEMS (Continuous Emissions Monitoring System), Instrumentation (sensors and actuators etc), Switchgear, Control Panels and Protection Relays etc.  Installing and modifying plant making sure all work carried out satisfies wiring standards and regulatory requirements.  Conducting calibrations and functional checks on instrumentation.  Analyse and updated as required electrical drawings, P s and O&M manuals.  Identify and communicate any plant improvements that could have a positive impact on plant performance, safety and availability.  Supervising and directing junior staff and 3rd party contractors.  Keeping and maintaining accurate records using amongst other things the sites CMMS (Computerised Maintenance Management System).  Ensuring all plant complies with regulatory and contractual requirements.  Promoting and adhering to the companies and statutory health safety and environmental culture, rules and regulations. Skills and Experience Required  A significant technical knowledge of Electrical, Controls and Instrumentation systems.  Several years experienced gained in a heavy industry environment such as Power Station, Foundry, Refinery, Oil & Gas etc.  A recognised qualification in an appropriate engineering subject.  High motivation and selfdirection to solve problems logically, quickly and effectively.  A high degree of flexibility and ability to form part of a call out rota  Excellent interpersonal skills.  Effective communications and IT skills. In order to apply, please forward your CV to (url removed) or call (Apply online only)