Title: Technical Service / Support Engineer  Industrial Equipment
Webindex: 69173619
Company: AMS People Limited
Description: JOB TITLE: Technical Service / Support Engineer  Industrial Equipment Based near Dudley, West Midlands c.****k  benefits THE COMPANY: My client is a successful independent manufacturer of special purpose industrial equipment. Due to continuing growth they need an additional Technical Support and Service Engineer with knowledge of fault finding and repair of electromechanical equipment and electrical / electronic control systems. The equipment can be hand held, integrated into a cell or process and may be robot controlled. THE ROLE: The successful candidate will, after product training:  Install and commission a range of special purpose machinery  Complete off and on site repair work  When familiar with the equipment deliver customer training on it's operation and maintenance on site or in house  Provide email and telephone technical support  Get involved with in house build and test of more complex systems. CANDIDATE: To apply for this role you should have:  Experience of faultfinding and repair on a range of electromechanical equipment and control systems.  The ability to learn new equipment and systems and not be afraid to use your experience and educate yourself.  Ideally some level of qualification in an electrical / electronic or related engineering field.  Excellent handson technical skills and able to be self reliant and work things out for yourself.  Experience of electrical / electronic industrial machinery controls and an understanding of PC and PLC controlled equipment.  Any experience of welding equipment or similar will be a distinct advantage.  Good face to face, email and telephone communication skills and a commitment to excellent customer service and representing the company in a professional manner.  The ability to undertake some travel in the UK, Europe and occasionally further afield including some overnight stays, mainly planned and up to a few days. You will be travelling to customer sites less than a third of your time so you will need to be happy working in the offices / plant and be able to travel to the company's offices easily on a daily basis. This is an excellent opportunity to get yourself into an interesting and challenging role with a successful and growing friendly and independent company. Some travel will be involved with a small number of major trips per year, mainly planned. Travel will not be every week and some will be short European trips. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalServiceSupportEngineerIndustrialEquipment_job****