Title: Data Analyst  Newbury, Berkshire
Webindex: 69669111
Company: Randstad
Description: Data Quality Analyst Our market leading mobile telecoms company is looking for an experienced data analyst to join a busy data quality project. You must be able to hit the ground running on this role so have depth in knowledge of both It and data analyst skills. This is a proactive role so you must be able to find solutions to problems as opposed to just noting errors. A high attention to detail is essential. Essential Skills Experience of working within large, complex organisations High level of comfort with systems and working with IT Analytical approach to problem solving Proactive at finding solutions to problems rather than just accepting errors Ability to prioritise key activities in a timepressured environment Detail conscious. Effective communication skills Proven ability to work independently Team player with positive attitude Key Duties The Payments and data integrity team are responsible for ensuring we make the right payment to the right person at the right time. This involves, among other things, managing the weekly payments and the data quality in the Commissions system as well as working with IT, Business information and dealers to improve the quality of our commissions data and to add assurance. Manage and process all manual Commissions payments Prepare payment reporting packs, conduct payment reviews where necessary and contribute to forecasting Supporting projects to pay commissions in new ways and through new systems to give the business more flexibility. Support the transition from Tactical to Strategic solutions, Carry out upfront reconciliations with EPOS and payment data, to minimise the volumes of queries generated for CBU dealers Building relationships in particular, with commercial, Business Partners Managers and Change team. Exhibit a passion for customers by delivering excellent customer service on issues and projects Identify ideas and help implement changes and improvements to working processes within the team and cross functionally. Supporting systems changes that impact the Commissions area Continuous improvement of the controls and governance processes surrounding changes in the commissions and payment systems. (SOX ****) Ability to grasp IT systems and infrastructure and excellent Microsoft Office skills This is an urgent role so ideally you should be available immediately. Randstad Technologies Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Skills DATA ANALYST, DATA INPUT, DATA QUALITY