Title: Mechanical Designer Engineer SPM
Webindex: 71369415
Company: Automation Experts
Description: Mechanical Designer Engineer  SPM Reference: SJH**** Location: Halesowen, West Midlands Salary: To ****k Benefits: Excellent Training Package, 25 Days Holiday Stats Our client is a market leader in the design and manufacture of special purpose robotic automation for various industry sectors. Due to an upturn in the market and planned expansion they now seek to recruit a Mechanical Design Engineer to undertake new projects from initial concept through to manufacture and handover to the client. The ideal person for this role will have a background in the design of either robotic automation equipment, grippers, conveyors, handling machinery or special purpose machinery. Candidates will be bright, switched on team players, either, timeserved or graduate level with 1 years experience and possess a good mechanical engineering understanding. AutoCAD experience is essential and any ****D CAD experience would be an advantage in particular CATIA. An understanding of robcad or delmia simulation software would be ideal, but not essential as training will be provided. This is an excellent opportunity to gain personal development and training within a leading machinery manufacturer. In addition to the excellent training package, this position offers a salary up to ****k (experience depending) and 25 days holiday and is commutable from Birmingham, Worcester, Cannock, Wolverhampton, Bridgenorth, Redditch, Dudley, Stourbridge and Walsall. For further information call Sharon Hill on (Apply online only). Alternatively, email a copy of your current CV quoting the above reference number. A full list of live vacancies can be found on our website (url removed) Looking for a job involved with maintenance, service or design for automated machinery, control systems, process control solutions or systems integration projects? Register your details on our website where you will find a full list of live positions where a customised automated search process allows immediate access to new vacancies as they are registered. Free, confidential service. All respondents to this position must be eligible to live and work in the UK  Automation Experts are unable to assist with the award of Visas or UK Work Permits. As a registered engineer, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme where you will receive **** tax free for every engineer we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Automation Experts offer recruitment services on a contract and permanent basis; We support many of the leading companies throughout the UK. For a confidential discussion with an experienced consultant, please do not hesitate to telephone (Apply online only)