Title: Technical CAD Administrator
Webindex: 68407533
Description: THE CLIENT: This wellestablished manufacturing company can offer a permanent role as a Technical CAD Administrator. Overall Context of the Job: Member of a team responsible for the supply of Technical information to support internal and external customers. Overall Purpose of the Job: To provide information such as CAD drawings, wiring diagrams, pick lists and technical support, using CAD software, MS Excel and other MS Office software. As an active member of the technical department and in liaison with other relevant teams, deliver innovative new products and solutions to the marketplace, on time, within budget and of the highest quality. Duties and Responsibilities:  To produce CAD drawings to enable ALL quotes to be accompanied with a specification drawing when submitted to a customer  To provide a service that enables completion of all aspects of preproduction (from the submission of an order to its presentation to the production team for its manufacture, without introducing delays into the process). This includes providing component pick lists and wiring diagrams  To confirm that the Production Manager has liaised with Purchasing to highlight special purchases  To advise the sales team on any order queries or technical issues that may arise  To gain awareness of safety standards, e.g. BS****  To assist in the testing of new products or equipment that is used for testing products  To investigate customer complaints and present a report to the Technical Manager for them to use to resolve the complaint and contact the customer  To assist in providing bespoke design solutions where required  To build units on the production floor where required to assist understanding of drawings, designs etc  To be constantly aware of increased productivity across the technical function both via the improved utilisation of technology and establishment of more efficient processes and methods  To prioritise own workload  To gain an indepth understanding of the Tcard system  To be aware of and work to high quality standards  To maintain a high level of accuracy and productivity at all times  To work on own initiative as appropriate  To carry out any other duties, as requested by the Technical Manager and Company Directors as and when required. All duties to be conducted according to Company Quality Control and Health and Safety procedures. BENEFITS: You will be required to work 37.5 hours per week; Monday – Friday: 9am – 5.30pm with an hour for lunch. You will be entitled to 20 days holidays plus stats and a stakeholder pension; there is also a canteen on site. WHAT NEXT: Please forward your CV to or for further information please contact Tim Prendergast on **** **** Travail Employment Group Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Travail has been established since **** and has over 30 branches nationwide. Our Huddersfield branch was opened in **** and has specialist consultants who each deal with different market segments. To apply for this or other similar roles in Huddersfield, Halifax, Elland, Brighouse, Dewsbury or Batley area, please contact our office on **** ****