Title: Quality/Calibration Engineer
Webindex: 70343469
Company: Matchtech
Description: QUALITY/CALIBRATION ENGINEER (ISUK) Job Purpose/Key Measures of Performance To work with all members of the business unit to ensure that the equipment and tooling calibration schedule is adhered to and maintained. Measures:  Calibration schedule adherence.  Audit noncompliances attributable to calibration.  Calibration costs verses budget. Responsibilities & Duties  To manage the CWIS calibration system efficiently and effectively in ensuring that all mechanical and electrical test equipment, gauges and tooling, is appropriately calibrated in accordance to Internal and Regulatory requirements.  Manage and Control the calibration and repair of equipment and tooling by any external calibration laboratories.  To generate and maintain effective performance indicators.  In the management of the calibration system you will also be responsible for: ?Signing off internal calibration certificates and reports.  Ensuring that all equipment and tooling is easily identifiable and traceable.  Manage and control the quarantine of any defective or unsuitable equipment that features within the calibration system.  Manage and control and archive all calibration reports, calibration certificates, including other relative documentation.  Be the contact point for the requisition of new equipment and raising of associated documentation.  Compilation of internal calibration process instruction sheets.  To support the compilation and maintenance of TPM schedules.  Work with the Quality Manager in matters pertaining to Quality and continual improvement by:  To support defining and improving the annual budget for calibration.  Work with the team in the journey towards ‘Perfect Quality’. ?Assist in Root Cause Analysis, containment and robust Corrective and Preventive Plans.  Conduct Quality Audits (internally) & Assist in Third Party Quality Audits (AS/ISO/EASA).  Work with the team on CI activities and Lean initiatives.  Assist in the drive in Quality Cost reduction  To support the Business Unit quality team in activities relating to quality, such as root cause investigations. Qualifications & Experience Essential Criteria:  Good understanding of electronics / electrical testing principles.  Basic understanding of measurement principles and techniques.  IT literate  Microsoft Office Desirable Criteria:  Equipment / tooling calibration experience beneficial.  Electronics assembly or test background beneficial.  Experience of working in an Aerospace (AS**** regulated) environment beneficial.  Experience of controlling a budget (not essential). Core Competencies & Behaviours  Able to undertake all activities in a disciplined and professional manner.  Able to work as an integral part of a team both at departmental level and across the company.  Capable of attending meetings as requested, on time and fully prepared, with an ability to complete any follow up actions within agreed timescales.  Should be naturally proactive with an ability to identify and implement improvements to current processes and practices.  Should be able to communicate confidently and persuasively with a wide variety of people including senior management, customers and suppliers.  Should be self motivated with the ability to work with the minimum of supervision once trained.  Should have good organisational skills with the ability to prioritise and order daily tasks to meet deadlines.  Should be flexible and receptive to change as weekly priorities vary. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.