Title: Project Support Engineer (Defence / Engineering)
Webindex: 68824327
Company: Otj Recruitment Ltd
Description: Project Support Engineer  project management tools and techniques  defence or engineering background ideal  manufacturing/food industry acceptable  . MS Excel and Project  based Bristol/Bath  salary c****  ****K We are looking for a Project Support Engineer with good knowledge of project management tools and techniques who can demonstrate planning and analytical skills. This could be a development and career move for a Project engineer who is keen to be trained and developed but who already has well honed interpersonal skills Candidates for the position of Project Support Engineer will be looked on very favourably if they come from a defence or engineering environment/background but a background in manufacturing or the food industry would also be acceptable. Project management skills are the key The Project Support Engineer (Defence/Engineering) should be able to apply Project Management techniques and use appropriate IT tools proficiently (MS Excel and Project) and have had experience of working in a project based environment using uptodate project management methods. A working knowledge of Ministry of Defence practices, support organisation structure and operations would be ideal  especially in the Submarine or Maritime area As well as using the MS Office suite, you must be able to adapt to understand and use other Information Management IT tools. Educated to HNC/HND level within a relevant discipline or with equivalent project management/support experience, the Project Support Engineer (Defence/Engineering) will need to have the ability to communicate effectively with internal and external staff at all levels within a Submarine enterprise, including Senior Management to assist with the effective and efficient execution of Contracts. The main purpose of the role of Project Support Engineer (Defence/Engineering) is to provide planning, cost control, business information, maintenance and general project support to the whole team. Day to day duties will include:  Preparing, monitoring and providing project management data to enable informed strategic business decision making e.g. monitoring and reporting of project costs/budgets, time, quality and risk information.  Undertaking the analysis of key contract performance metrics  Becoming a key point contact for the maintenance of the Management Information System.  Supporting the development and implementation of project management improvement activities  Generating adhoc management reports.  Assisting the Project Support Manager with daytoday activities.  Building and developing customer relationships  Supporting tender and bid activities. The role will sit in a Submarine Support Management Group that supports RN Submarine availability and creates an exciting and challenging area to work together with great opportunities for personal development. The Project Support Engineer (Defence/Engineering) must be a team worker and have good interpersonal and organisational skills Successful applicants will need to satisfy Ministry of Defence security requirements. OTJ specialises in engineering and engineering related positions. We are currently looking for Project Managers and Engineers, designers, draughts people, Mechanical, electrical and Electronics Design engineers and draughts people, service engineers, sales engineers, avionics engineers and buyers This vacancy is advertised by Otj Recruitment Ltd. The services advertised are those of an employment agency