Title: Head of Section Automotive Engineering vacancy in
Webindex: 66985317
Company: New Directions Education Ltd
Description: Job Description We are recruiting for a permanent position for the Head of Section Automotive Engineering based in Surrey. The successful candidate must be able to: Provide leadership, vision and facilitate change effectively Provide leadership for the Section, developing and implementing operational and improvement plans in line with Faculty and School objectives. Promote excellence in learning and teaching on all programmes within the School. Support the Head of School in establishing a culture within the Section in line with the College&rsquos values and behaviours. Actively promote equality of opportunity and diversity within the Section, ensuring it is built into the delivery of high quality learning and teaching. Support the Head of School to manage change within the Section in an open and professional manner. Take a proactive role in enhancing the reputation of the Section, representing the College at both internal and external events. Curriculum Design and manage the Section&rsquos range of programmes, ensuring they are well planned and meet individual learner needs through a high quality personalised approach. Work with the Head of School to ensure the effective management of business processes, for example, timetabling, rooming, staff utilisation etc. Foster a culture of innovation within your Section and teams, including embedding the use of new technologies within the curriculum. Ensure that all targets for recruitment, retention, achievement, success, progression and student satisfaction are achieved or exceeded. Manage the process and operation of qualification selfassessment and undertake rigorous learning and teaching observations, ensuring a drive for continuous improvement. Provide data that is accurate and complete and used in a timely manner to plan improvements within the Section. Effectively implement quality assurance and improvement processes, in line with both internal and external requirements. Please Apply Now