Title: Site Production Manager
Webindex: 71429201
Company: Amtico
Description: Site Production Manager  West Midlands  Manufacturing At Amtico International we pride ourselves on our inhouse design and manufacturing capabilities. Amtico International brings together the most innovative flooring brands. As the driving force behind these leading brands, we ensure every product is expertly produced to combine stunning design with technical excellence, meeting the highest of expectations. For almost 50 years, our dedicated designers have researched materials, techniques and trends from around the world to bring our customers floors at the cuttingedge of design. We are market leaders but we are also experts in the composition and manufacture of LVT (Luxury Vinyl Tile). With manufacturing facilities in the UK and USA it is not just the design of our products that benefits. By keeping manufacturing firmly inhouse we help support the local economies in which we are based and deliver our products quickly with quality guaranteed. An exciting opportunity to join our business has arisen and we are now looking to add to our management team. As Production Manager within our business you will display characteristics and experience of working within a fast paced manufacturing environment. Reporting to the Factory Manager you will be responsible for circa **** people and required to continuously improve our Manufacturing operations. You will be responsible for ensuring that the Manufacturing teams consistently deliver high quality products to customer specifications on time and within the agreed budget. You will also work closely with our Health, Safety Environmental function in leading significant change and improvement in Manufacturing's Health Safety performance and culture. With recent organisational improvements and changes we are looking for someone who demonstrates a number of competences that will be essential in order to succeed within this exciting role. You will need to have sufficient breadth of experience to contribute fully as a member of the Senior Production Team. As a true believer in collaborative team working you will also be a problem solver who is passionate about developing people, engaging with them and bringing them with you to maximise the productivity and culture on site. You will aspire towards organisational excellence and best practise but will also be committed to delivering above and beyond for our customers. You will also possess the following experiences: Degree level in Business Management or similar. Previous success in delivery of high value project management. Proven success in a medium to high volume, high quality, batch manufacturing business, preferably within a processmanufacturing environment where there has been considerable operational change. Prior experience within an FMCG manufacturer would be advantageous. Experience of Continuous Improvement, ISO 9000, WorldClass measures, lean manufacturing and other modern management tools. Experience of the direct production management of a unionised, multishift workforce. Previous experience of effective collaboration with engineering departments. Please note, any salary/salary range and benefits described in this advertisement, are indicative only. The actual salary offered to the successful candidate may vary and will be dependent on skills and experience. Amtico International is the market leading design floor manufacturer and delivers Commercial flooring solutions to some of the worlds largest businesses as well as UK Residential customers through our independent retailer network. Design Manufacturing is inhouse and delivered on time to the bespoke needs of their clients. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. All third party applications will be forwarded to Michael Page. Ref Code: MPTJ****Z This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SiteProductionManager_job****