Title: Project Engineer  Electronics
Webindex: 69800876
Company: Alexander Resourcing
Description: Our client specialise in the design and manufacture of electronic and mechanical instrumentation for uses in all types of measurement and control. Their market leading portfolio of products and solutions have their application in a variety of industry sectors from Healthcare to Food Beverage, Industrial, Heritage and Oil Gas. A new role has arisen within the organisational structure for an experienced and adaptable engineer to take new products from the design team through the test, debug and validation stages and onto full production. Reporting to the Engineering Director, the post holder will be the interface between design and production and will test for all technical issues that may impact on production yield and quality. Qualified to a minimum of HNC level, the successful candidate will have several years' experience in an electronic product development environment, with a proven track record of delivering products to market. A familiarity with digital electronics and embedded firmware would be beneficial. There will also be the need to liaise with other areas of the business to ensure that product development meets with organisational and commercial objectives. For example, there will be a relationship with the marketing and sales teams to, in layman's terms explain the capacity, features and benefits of new products to the customer environment. With experience in DFM techniques, you will be a self starter, capable of working under your own initiative as well as alongside others. Ultimately, you will be growing a small team under you so will perhaps have had some experience in people management in a previous role. This is a great opportunity to make an impression within a very successful, growing organisation who are committed to supporting and developing their staff. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProjectEngineerElectronics_job****