Title: Maintenance engineer (trainee level)
Webindex: 68713391
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Maintenance engineer (trainee level) Swindon ******** Training  Development  progression  Overtime  25 days holiday Are you a maintenance engineer that has just come out of your apprenticeship or gained a HNC/HND in an engineering discipline? Do you want to join a company that will offer you excellent training and development to become a highly skilled maintenance engineer? Established for over 50 years; they have a reputation for excellence, supplying a wide range of specialty solutions to predominantly bluechip clients. The company part of a large worldwide organisation with **** plants worldwide. This is a secure move as they have recently signed several new contracts this quarter for energy projects in the both Europe and the U.S. In this role you will assist the Maintenance Supervisor in providing technical expertise with plant systems knowledge to provide electrical maintenance, utilities and facilities to production. In addition to the normal requirements, a high emphasis will be placed on Proactive Maintenance including TPM involvement and support across the site. This is an ideal role for an trainee level engineer to join a company that will offer you excellent career prospects in a technically challenging environment. The role Provide advice and service to the plant on all aspects of electrical installation this will include contractor control on site. Assessing power requirements. Types of switches, cables. Testing requirements. Technical buying Involvement in the building and programming control panels for the production lines Fault finding on all electrical systems within the plant these include all tanks, rectifiers, machinery, Lighting , sockets, fans, pumps, hoists, Lifting transporters, Heating, Tooling, Motors and production fixtures. Repairs demand problem solving expertise and the ability to work under pressure to meet production demands Involvement in the new generation of equipment being introduced which will involve production line upgrades, PLC programming. robotics Calibration of rectifiers, tank temperatures and clocks plus record keeping Mechanical breakdowns Including fans, pumps, machinery, heating, extraction, and motion control fixtures. Carry out mechanical maintenance on equipment, assembly of D Gun, train up on PSTL equipment. Carry out regular servicing to the equipment and undertake TPM activities The Person Electrical or mechanical qualification HNC/ONC or city and guilds. Ideally just finished there apprenticeship Wants training and development into multi skilled maintenance engineering. Maintenance engineer, electrical, mechanical, manufacturing, maintenance, electrical maintenance, apprenticeship, mechanical maintenance, breakdown, trainee, To apply for this role or for to be considered for further roles, please contact us on: **** **** **** or visit our website at www.risetechnical.co.uk This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from engineering candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Maintenanceengineertraineelevel_job****