Title: Goods Inward Inspector
Webindex: 69084240
Company: Candidate Source
Description: An established engineering company and a leading expert in energy absorption technology, designing and manufacturing energy absorption solutions for the rail, elevator and industrial sectors and for end stop solutions are seeking a Goods Inward Inspector to join their expanding team in Coventry. They have been producing hydraulic energy absorption solutions for over sixty years with over **** units in circulation. As a Goods Inward Inspector you will: Assist management in the promotion, implementation and maintenance of product Quality standards. Carry out inspection duties in all areas covered by the Quality Control Department to ensure that material received into and manufactured by the Company meet the required specifications. Adherence to Engineering specifications and Inspection Instructions is to be maintained despite pressure from Manufacturing and other departments. Ensure that the equipment used in the execution of the inspection is handled correctly, is properly calibrated where appropriate, and is stored after use in the designated storage area per appropriate Inspection Instruction. Complete inspection on experimental parts and prepares full dimensional reports for approval by the Quality Manager. Investigative inspections on parts / buffers which require examination due to failure or exhibiting substandard performance. Compile full dimensional reports e.g. first off on new products for the attention of Quality Management or Supervisor. The ideal Goods Inward Inspector will hold the folloiwng skills and experiences: Proven experience in a similar industry and used to working in a busy machine shop. Completion of an approved apprenticeship or equivalent. ONC or equivalent in Mechanical Engineering would be an advantage. Previous work experience in an engineering/manufacturing Quality Control function. IT literate. You will be working the hours of 07.30 am 4.00 pm, Monday to Thursday and 07.30 am 1.00 pm on a Friday. In return you will receive a salary of **** per annum plus 33 days holiday (including statutory), Stakeholder pension scheme with employer matching contribution up to 5% salary, and Life assurance cover up to 3 times salary on commencement. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website