Title: Functional Safety / Systems Engineer  Automotive
Webindex: 69868075
Company: Advanced Resource Managers Limited
Description: Senior Functional Safety EngineerWarwickshire, Midlands ****k This is an exciting opportunity for a proven systems or safety engineer to join a successful and expanding engineering consultancy in the Midlands. The company is well known for its work within the automotive sector but it also provides consultancy services within other domains. This role is predominantly involved with functional safety analysis, assessment and consultancy of electronics and software systems for the automotive domain. This will require the ability to: oPerform hazard analysis and risk assessments oPerform safety analyses particularly using techniques such as Failure Mode and Effects Analysis (FMEA) and Fault Tree Analysis (FTA) oReview and assessment of embedded systems design against safety requirements and good practice oDefine and populate safety cases Types of candidates considered: 1) The ideal candidate could be a systems engineer with a background in software or electronics design or development that has worked directly with safety related systems. 2) Or candidates could already be proven systems safety engineers or functional safety consultants working within the automotive, aerospace, avionics, rail or defence domain. All candidates must have an appreciation of the principals of electronics and software development. Knowledge / Skills: oAn excellent first degree in a relevant subject (e.g. electronics, electrical engineering, software engineering, computer science, physics, mathematics etc) oAble to conduct functional safety activities for both internal and external customers (e.g. hazard analysis and risk assessments on electronics, software and embedded systems) oKnowledge of safety critical systems and relevant standards (IEC **** and ISO 26262, MISRA C software standards) oUse of appropriate tools and methods for safety assessment and analysis (e.g. FMEA, FTA, FMECA, FMEDA etc) oKnowledge of electronics design and software development principals would be ideal coupled with systems engineering ability (requirements capture, decomposition, specification development) Others  Beneficial: oA Masters degree (MSc, MEng) or higher (PhD) in a relevant subject oKnowledge of electronics / software design for automotive applications (e.g. ECU, body control, EMS, etc) oCorporate membership of an engineering institution including Chartered Engineer qualification oSystems level architectural design oKnowledge of standards such as Def Stan **** and DO**** oKnowledge of one of the following  Electrical machine design and control, Process assessment schemes e.g. CMMI, ISO 15504 (SPICE), Developing and delivering training courses, Engineering process development and practical implementation Candidates should: oBe capable of delivering a high standard of technical writing. oBe a selfstarter and able to execute designated tasks accurately and within timing and budgetary constraints. oHave welldeveloped analytical skills  rigorous but pragmatic. oHave good interpersonal skills  a consensusbuilder not confrontational. This role will require occasional travel which may be UK or Worldwide. This may equate to 34 weeks per annum however my client would be very keen to recruit a safety consultant who would work in the Far East for longer potentially. All candidates must have the right to work in the UK and will need to undergo UK MoD security clearance. This company is commutable from Rugby, Coventry, Birmingham, Leicester, Tamworth and Leamington Spa This position may be open to those wishing to work as a contractor in the New Year