Title: Highway Engineer
Webindex: 62531431
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction An excellent opportunity to work as a Highway Engineer in Glasgow Important Highway experience The Job About the Role You ll provide project technical designs in Highways across a range of projects. The role will strengthen the existing team capabilities and requires a high degree of team interaction. Opportunities exist to be part of our team that has existing workload in Scotland and Ireland. We provide a full range of design services from small improvement schemes to large multidisciplined and complex projects. The roles are Permanent positions in our established teams. About You You ll have a degree or equivalent in a relevant Engineering discipline and will be working towards Chartered status. You will have a thorough working knowledge of the relevant technical standards for the role including the DMRB and be capable of using industry standard software and analysis techniques. A general IT capability is also required. Knowledge of alternative design standards is desirable but not essential. Candidates should have Fluent written and spoken English and be able to work under their own initiative and to seek advice when necessary, you will also have the drive and determination to meet targets About Mouchel Mouchel is a leading infrastructure and business services group that works in partnership with its public services clients to improve the daytoday lives of millions of people. We provide advisory, design, project delivery and managed services associated with infrastructure and business services across the highways and transportation, local government and utilities markets. Mouchel has more than **** staff, a number of offices located across the UK and a turnover of pound;551.4 million. Mouchel Benefits As a new joiner to Mouchel, you will have online access to the full range of benefits available through our secure online website www.mouchelbenefits.com. This is your one stop shop to access and join our range of voluntary and flexible benefits including the WorkSave Pension Plan, plus access to the Mouchel Corporate Discounts shopping portal and the Employee Assistance Programme. Highway maintenance, highway maintenance