Title: Technical Sales CAD Design
Webindex: 71821542
Company: Cushillo Personnel Ltd
Description: Technical Sales To receive new enquiries from Area Sales Managers, internal sales teams, contractors, consultants and end users; enter onto database system and action as necessary. Prepare estimate sheets, heat loss calculations and fan curves. Liaise with Sales Manager and Area Sales Managers before progressing to quotation. Produce formal quotations using group Configurator or other means as appropriate and directed. Monitor status of projects liaising with the design team, Sales Manager and Area Sales Managers as necessary. Receive orders, undertake contract review and generate the Shop Order, prior to referring to the internal sales administration team for processing, order acknowledgement generation and progressing to manufacture. Ensure the project database is updated with all relevant information following receipt of an order adhering to the process map. Ensure the company computer system is updated accurately and timely in line with ISO 9001 procedures. Provide pre and post sale technical assistance to customers and both external and internal staff as required. Acquire a thorough working knowledge of all the Company s products and an understanding of their applications Aim to gain a comprehensive knowledge of the Company s competitors and their products. Attend production meetings ensuring that all required sales information is entered onto the Production Tracker in a timely manner and manage the information flow between external sales, customers and production team Bring to the attention of the Accounts Department any potential problems regarding credit worthiness of any existing or potential new clients. As and when necessary liaise between the Accounts Department and clients to ensure that any obstacles causing payment delays are resolved swiftly. Support the Sales Manager and liaise effectively with other Group companies and provide intercompany support relating to presales technical issues. The successful candidate will have a proven knowledge of mechanical engineering, developed through the interpretation of drawings, designs and hands on manufacture of engineered products. A strong working knowledge of Microsoft office packages and office administration is essential together with recent experience in AutoCad or similar drawing systems. The individual will work as a strong team member from a busy office whilst interacting with UK and Export customers, internal and external sales managers, design, production and despatch departments. Applicants will be required to demonstrate their technical aptitude and eagerness to learn new processes and disciplines