Title: Engine CMPT Leader Cranktrain System  POW****
Webindex: 68544614
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction To define a component or system concept from technical information and the product development letter, then translate it into a design, which is taken through development into production. Important Powertrain The Job To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Key Responsibilities and Tasks: Deliver new or modified Engine System(s) into production whilst achieving: Quality: Use AML engineering quality systems (FMEAs, Robustness Studies etc) to identify and contain potential quality concerns. Cost: Support EPMT in definition of programme cost targets and work with suppliers to deliver system that achieves these targets. Weight: Support EPMT in definition of programme weight targets and manage CAD engineers to design system that achieves targets. Function: Generate robust System Design Specification to define system functional targets and deliver components to meet targets. Support Test and Development team with DVP planning and execution, whlist ensuring supplier tests are completed on time. Package: Manage CAD engineers to achieve static and dynamic clearance targets. Negotiate component change in other areas of AML Product Development if required to achieve clearances. Assembly: Work with manufacturing engineering to ensure that components can be assembled into vehicle repeatably and within required cycle time. Use the AMPCS system (with support from the Powertrain Programme team) to track progress in completing Unit Gateway objectives. Define and manage a commodity plan for each programme including design and manufacturing leadtimes as well as alignment to engine and vehicle programme timing. Complete Change Tracking Documents amp; Engineering Release Notices to allow engineering changes to be approved by the AML organisation. Resolve engineering Concerns via AML eCMS and within the timing guidelines. Present programme status to Powertrain Unit Gateways, support Powertrain design reviews, AML Package Meetings amp; Powertrain PMT meetings. Support and/or lead DFMEAs and input to manufacturing PFMEAs. Must achieve programme deadlines as defined by AMPCS Gateway deliverables. Qualifications and Experience: Educated to Degree level in an engineering discipline, or equivalent relevant experience. Technical expertise in a specific engine system and ability to take responsibility for delivery of that system to production. Previous delivery of component product development / Engine system or subsystem design or development experience. Track spend on tooling, engineering and parts for the system and predict the spend to the end of the project to ensure that it can be completed within the available budget. Must be able to present technical information, write technical and project reports Ability to prioritise multiple tasks, is flexible and able to communicate at all levels. Office based with engineering support for prototype workshop and production line as required. Visits to suppliers and testing locations (UK and worldwide) or the engine manufacturing plant. Driving licence required to use high speed tracks and hot and cold environmental chambers if required to support development activities.