Title: Missile Electronic Architect (Level 5)
Webindex: 69249335
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Our client are a world leader in the defence industry who design and develop defence systems for the international market. Now recruiting for a Missile Electronic Architect (Level 5) Important Strong systems engineering ability and the understanding of full electronic systems The Job Job Title: Missile Electronic Architect (Level 5) Role Purpose: Delivery of electronic architecture activities to time, cost, quality and performance requirements. Accountabilities: Responsible for defining the optimum electrical architecture for all variants of the munition ensuring the electrical architecture and interfaces meet requirements. Responsible for establishing project Processing and Communications policy and the Earthing and Bonding policy, based on existing Company policies. Propose processor choice amp; operating system choice, in line with Company policies. Recommend databus types and routing. Responsible for the missile level power system, including power budget, power profiles and surges. Responsible for the missile signal safety design, to include routing of safety related signals, rules for signal separations in cable looms and on connector pin outs, plus special features such as dual redundancy Influence missile subsystem interface definition through the definition of the discrete signals and their interfaces. Act as main point of contact for all technical issues relating to the avionics architecture for the missile. Responsible for the Telemetry System architecture for the missile. Act as RMO, (Head of) for specific electronic subsystems of the missile. Responsible for producing Statements of Work and plans for activities within their sphere of responsibility. Technically manage internal amp; external suppliers for delivery of subsystem work packages to time, cost, quality and performance requirements. Interface with and manage customer expectations throughout the development process. Responsible for controlling any assigned budgets, managing personal workload and identifying any further resource needs. Responsible for direct technical supervision of engineers within their team and indirect management of engineers in the extended project team. Skills and Knowledge: Educated to degree level with 5 to 10 years experience or an equivalent qualification having obtained substantial experience of electrical and electronic engineering, including: Digital electronics amp; microprocessor systems. Analogue electronics amp; RF. Electronic systems to perform Image Processing Algorithms. Power Electronics. Good understanding of broader engineering disciplines, including: Systems design. Safety systems Ability to technically manage internal amp; subcontract activities. Strong leadership skills, able to establish a clear engineering vision. Ability to influence managers and other stakeholders across the company. Determination amp; desire to succeed. Strong interpersonal and well developed communication skills (written amp; verbal). Willingness to travel within UK when required. Performance Indicators: Missile electrical architecture definition agreed, understood and successfully flowed out at missile and subsystem level. Technical / Engineering solutions to specific contract/customer requirements and demands. Compliance to Contracted and Company Processes. Architecture solutions that support the GMA policies. Successful achievement of project and team milestones. Project work packages are managed to time, cost, quality, and performance constraints. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK and be able to gain security clearance prior to the start date.