Title: Maintenance Engineer 2418M4AM
Webindex: 68711290
Company: Pioneer Selection
Description: Overview: Due to expansion,our client is currently recruiting for a number of Maintenance Engineers at their flagship site in the South East. Working on various projects whilst completing service and maintenance duties, this is a fantastic opportunity to join a leading manufacturer within the food industry. The Company: Our client is one of the leading manufacturers within the food industry with thousands of employees over a number of sites in the UK. They have continued to invest in machinery to improve production and efficiencies throughout the last 5 years as well as develop their own staff. Our client has grown significantly due to consumer demand and continue to introduce new products to the market that have been very successful. The Role of a Maintenance Engineer: The role of a Maintenance Engineer is to conduct maintenance, breakdown and repair duties on a variety of equipment. You will be heavily involved in project work as well as getting involved in continuous improvement activities in order to increase productivity and drive efficiencies. As a Maintenance Engineer, you will be required to monitor plant conditions and report defects as well as keep up to date with any trends that appear in performance. Key Skills: The ideal candidate will be MultiSkilled, have completed a engineering apprenticeship and worked within a manufacturing environment. Ideally, you would have successfully worked on installation and projects, and also have exposure to PLC’s and controls. The ideal candidate will be competent and confident, with a strong interest in developing their career with a leading organisation. Benefits: Overtime up to **** Bonus, Pension, Healthcare, 25 Days Holiday Salary: **** Commutable from: Slough , Berkshire; Enfield, Middlesex; Richmond, Surrey; Watford, Hertfordshire Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a: MultiSkilled Maintenance Technician, Shift Engineer, Technical Engineer and Maintenance Supervisor. If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Alternatively for further details contact Andrew McFarlane on;  **** or Email: cvpioneerselection.co.uk Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MaintenanceEngineer2418M4AM_job****