Title: Building Services Supervisor  London
Webindex: 70675871
Company: Randstad
Description: BUILDING MAINTENANCE SUPERVISOR  BANKING CONTRACT  LONDON  UP TO pound;****K Exciting opportunity to join a leading facilities amp; service provider situated In Central London. Our client is looking for a Maintenance site supervisor to be based at a large bank. The role involves both hands on and supervisory responsibilities. He or she will be responsible for a team of 12. The successful candidate will be electrically qualified with a proven track record on commercial building maintenance, ideally within a critical site. The supervisor will also concentrate on the performance of the onsite team and will be responsible for monitoring and publishing the agreed departmental performance indicators advising of trends and forecasting results and outputs. Hours of work Monday to Friday (****:00am to 17:00pm) Key duties amp; Responsibilities Provide direct leadership to the multi skilled team to include: Provide technical leadership for the multi skilled technicians to ensure consistent standards within each discipline Monitor workload / resources of the team and to make timely recommendations for change. Work planning with the mobile team to ensure completion of PM s, site cover for training, holiday and sickness Material Ordering Ensure all work is carried out as planned and breakdown maintenance, fault finding and installation of engineering equipment and systems is carried out in accordance with site procedure Engineering Interface for Site Minor Works, workplace and capital projects Ensuring that only subcontractors that have been vetted and approved as to their levels of competence are used Ensuring that all equipment, plant and substances used for any work tasks are in good working condition. This includes, regular maintenance, calibration and inspection of the equipment, To ensure that all work equipment is entered within a register and is inspected and maintained in accordance with current legislation. Requirements City amp; Guilds / NVQ / Apprenticeship  Electrical 17th Edition HV Authorised  (Current / Expired) Supervisory skills Good experience / understanding of both mechanical and electrical plant The ability to work without close management control. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.