Title: Gas Manager
Webindex: 67334174
Company: Niyaa People Ltd
Description: Gas Project Manager – Social Housing Installation Doncaster / Hull / York / Rotherham Temporary up to 6 months. To **** per hour A temporary vacancy has arisen with this national energy supplier / contractor. You will have prior experience of managing in domestic gas service and or Electrical Installation, within a Social Housing or Private client environment, and will now be required to have a pivotal role within the operations of the gas / electrical division, maintaining strong partner/contractor relationships. Your responsibilities will be: To manage the daytoday activities of engineers in the field.Ensure that: Quality check and commission installations carried out by the engineer Managing the contract to budget Managing the end client and all sub contractors Managing the supervisors to ensure delivery and quality fit of boilers and electrical Re wires. They are sufficiently skilled and competent to carry out their duties through identifying training needs; They have the correct and serviceable equipment, tools, spares and uniform; All equipment is calibrated when required; Service vehicles are maintained to a high standard; Ensure all H S issues are resolved or notified to the correct level and that personal accident forms are completed and H S legislation is up to date Monitor start finish times and correct any issues, maximising productivity. All customer complaints are dealt with as quickly and efficiently as possible A customer focused operation is maintained KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE DESIRABLE Experience in report writing. Experience of investigating complaints Experience in following procedures for safe working and customer service. H S trained. At least three year’s experience of Domestic Gas Central Heating installation work Working along and assisting a Sales force Suitable candidate MUST have at least four years management experience of domestic gas maintenance.Good written and verbal communication skills and the ability to resolve despites via negotiation techniques. Strong customer service skills and ability to understand the client and customer needs. **** referral incentive : If you know of anyone who you feel maybe suitable for this role we would welcome a personal or professional referral. We thank each successful referral with **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GasManager_job****