Title: Production Planner (Engineering / Assembly)
Webindex: 67211145
Description: Production Planner (Engineering / Assembly Environment) ****  **** per annum  Benefits Based in South Birmingham (Near Halesowen) With a truly global presence, our client is a world leader in the design, manufacture and installation of complete weighing and packing line solutions, using its unique expertise and experience to develop advanced automated systems for weighing, packing, labelling and handling of food and non food products. As a Production Planner, you will be required to coordinate 'timely' production planning on a daily basis to ensure manufacture and assembly of equipment / machinery is scheduled inline with Customer requirements to achieve high standards of ontime delivery. Close liaison with shopfloor assembly teams, sales / coordinators, suppliers and other key members of operations Team to support high overall standards of customer service is required. Provide fast resolution of supplier quality defects and parts returns. Responsibilities include: Responsibility for continuous improvement of production planning / scheduling for assembly of equipment / machinery. Maximize parts availability, logistics & build efficiency. Ensure efficient 'expediting' of parts. Responsibility for production MRP processes including issuing of BOM's on a timely and accurate basis. To ensure parts shortages, stock losses or quality defects affecting the assembly of equipment are resolved quickly and effectively, for high standards of right first time, assembly efficiency and build completion ontime. To ensure any 'excess' parts for machine BOM's are identified and returned to stock, together with future BOM revised. Establish good working relationship with assembly teams, planning, Sales / order coordination, purchasing, suppliers and other key members of Operations. Reporting of production planning KPIs to drive improved Operations performance. Providing costing information as required. Processing production orders from raising to closure. Raising of internal and consumable purchase orders as required. Other project duties as directed by the Production Unit Manager. Experience Required: A good understanding of production planning, stock control, MS Office, MRP and quality systems is required. An Engineering qualification ideally HNC/HND in Engineering or eqivalent. Experience within a relevant manufacturing environment, using best practice production planning, stock control and expediting techniques. Education to Diploma level in Production Planning / Materials Management. The individual must be a 'driven', well disciplined, logical thinking, self motivated, team player, able to communicate at all levels and above all be highly 'innovative' in delivering high standards in production planning and stock control. This is an excellent opportunity to join a multinational company that can provide you with good career prospects. The modern UK premises offer a pleasant working environment and are located to the south west of Birmingham, they are easily accessible and offer free parking. Please apply with full CV . All applications will be acknowledged and held in complete confidence. A thorough briefing will be undertaken prior to CV submission to the client. Omega Resource Group Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy