Title: Lecturer/Senior Lecturer in Software / Embedded Systems Engineering
Webindex: 69535027
Company: University of Southampton
Description: Electronics and Computer Science, University of Southampton Electronics and Computer Science (ECS) at Southampton are seeking to appoint a Lecturer/Senior Lecturer in Software Engineering or Embedded Systems Engineering. ECS is the largest department of its kind in the UK and in the last Research Assessment Exercise (in ****) Computer Science was ranked joint second in the UK for the quality of its research, with **** per cent of its research work receiving either the top 4 rating (defined as world leading ) or the **** rating ( internationally excellent ). The new appointment will be part of the Electronic and Software Systems (ESS) Research Group. ESS provides a multidisciplinary environment that facilitates research across Electronics and Computer Science leading to novel insights and developments. Members of the ESS group include leading researchers in Computer Science and leading researchers in Electronic Engineering. The ESS group collaborates with a range of industrial partners in critical and embedded systems. ESS particularly seeks candidates with expertise in the development and application of design methods and tools for multicore embedded systems, covering areas such as embedded system design, system modelling and analysis, trustworthy software construction, novel operating systems and system validation and verification. The new appointment will be expected to lead research into design, implementation and validation of critical multicore and embedded systems in a holistic way. The new appointment will have the opportunity to collaborate with other researchers in ESS, helping us to address the many challenges in engineering of highperformance, energyefficient, highlyreliable, multicore and embedded systems. They will also play a leading role in strengthening and broadening undergraduate and postgraduate teaching in hardwaresoftware codesign, embedded and multicore design. Applicants should have a PhD in a relevant area, a strong publication record, and the enthusiasm and drive to carry out research and teaching, in an exciting, highly professional, multidisciplinary environment. The closing date for this post is 1st March 2013.