Title: PMO Project Planner Support Specialist
Webindex: 71685492
Company: Dialog Semiconductor
Description: PMO Project Planner Project Support Specialist  semiconductor, technology Location: Swindon With its unique focus and expertise in system power management, Dialog Semiconductor brings decades of experience to the rapid development of energyefficient, highly integrated, mixedsignal integrated circuits, optimized for personal mobile and automotive applications. We provide flexible and dynamic support and worldclass innovation, and offer our clients the reassurance of dealing with a globallyestablished business partner. Dialog Semiconductor are looking for a Project Planner to support the Project Management Office (PMO) to meet delivery requirements through tools, metrics, processes and data. This role is to take ownership of PMO processes, master planning templates and dashboards. Responsibilities will include:  Multiple project reporting for projects up to $100m  Develop, maintain and implement project control and reporting tools and processes including KPIs, dashboards and risk registers  Provide accurate, timely and valueadd project metrics and KPIs in areas such as resource utilization, budget performance and risk management  Maintain project plans using MS Project, Excel and other tools  Contribute to the continuous improvement of project data reporting and control processes  Collate and present monthly project dashboards working closely with program and project managers  Support Director of Program Management with regular reporting and adhoc data requests As the successful candidate you will have previous experience in project planning or control in a similar environment, such as technology / engineering, research development, or Semiconductor / IC. Alternatively you may be an experienced business analyst within a project delivery context. You will have strong MS Project and MS Excel skills, be highly analytical, and be able to communicate effectively at all levels. Prince **** or PMI certification would be beneficial, but is not essential. In return we can offer an excellent salary and benefits and the opportunity to work with a forward thinking company within cutting edge technologies. Dialog Semiconductor has won numerous awards and designs, including exclusive patents that have enabled them to enjoy successive year on year growth in this highly competitive market. The company is a market leader and fast becoming the employer of choice within microelectronics chip design and power management solutions. PMO Project Planner Project Support Specialist  semiconductor, technology, engineering, ASIC