Title: Novel Systems Engineer
Webindex: 68293990
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Novel Systems Engineer Role Purpose: Support or Lead Engineer position in the Novel Systems group of Future Systems. Accountabilities: Novel Systems Engineer, based in Bristol, to work on a range of studies relating to the research development and associated system engineering of future systems incorporating a range of novel technologies. These include: pulsed power systems;high power RF systems; active and passive stealth technologies;lasers. Successful candidates will be working in a multidisciplinary team within Future Systems to develop and mature novel technologies from low technology readiness levels in to tomorrow's capabilities. Essential:  Carry out a wide range of technical analyses, investigation, development and modelling of novel technologies and systems.  Assist in the definition and planning of new studies in response to customer requirements. Provide technical support to business winning activities as required.  Support the development of requirements and detailed plans for field trials of system prototypes. Provide technical guidance and data analysis support to field trials as required.  Prepare technical reports, deliver presentations and develop plans to satisfy project deliverables.  Keep up to date in new and relevant technology areas, be prepared to develop skills and capabilities in new technologies to be able to provide effective support and expertise. Ideal:  Undertake the development of novel technologies to meet technical challenges.  Undertake system design and analyses of new systems.  Lead (L****) or Support (L****) Bid Preparation for future systems work. Performance Indicators:  Successful and timely delivery of objectives  Ability to adapt to changing circumstances  The ability to think and develop solutions to complex technical problems.  Provision of technical liaison  Broadening skills by formal training and on the job training  Positive (enthusiastic and energetic) approach to new tasks  Challenge established thinking.  Able to work on own initiative.  Delivery of new business (support to business winning activities) Skills and Knowledge:  Experienced engineer with an engineering or science background. Ideally those with higher degrees (e.g. Masters or PhD) in physics, numerical modelling, materials science or aeronautical engineering disciplines are preferred.  Systems Engineers with a technical background and experience of working in a technical R D environment may be considered.  Hard working candidate with ability to think laterally and with initiative to develop new ideas.  Ability to define solutions within an open problem space, take the lead in defining system concepts and capabilities.  Have a flexible approach to working in a multidisciplinary team. Capable of liaising with project participants at all levels of the organisation. Customer facing skills are beneficial.  A positive attitude towards problem solving and developing solutions for a variety of customer requirements, enjoys a challenge and is not risk averse.  A strong scientific / engineering background (physics / mathematics / electronic engineering / numerical modelling /aeronautical) or a background in electronic or RF engineering are an advantage.  Good understanding and ability to use MS Office tools, especially Word, Power Point and Excel.  Experience in using analytical software (e.g. Matlab, PSpice, CST, Comsol, or similar).  Candidates do not necessarily need prior experience working on the specific technologies listed (although it would be highly beneficial). However they should be adaptable and keen to learn and develop their knowledge of new technology.  A track record of working in a challenging technical environment would be highly advantageous. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK and able to gain security clearance prior to the start date Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.