Title: Chemical Water Treatment Sales Engineer
Webindex: 72635623
Company: Intech Recruitment Ltd
Description: Chemical Water Treatment Sales Engineer ****  ****  Bonus  Car Covering Home Counties and East Anglia A global water treatment company currently require the services of an experienced Chemical Water Treatment Sales Engineer on a permanent basis to cover the Home Counties and East Anglia regions. The Sales Engineer will be responsible for managing key customer accounts; this will include managing site chemical treatment programs, trouble shooting and problem solving, managing client relationships encompassing site visits etc. The Sales Engineer will be involved in selling products and services to reduce costs, conserve water and energy, meet environmental regulations and increasing productivity. Customers could be fmcg, pharmaceutical or processing companies seeking solutions to conserve recycle and reuse their water. Other responsibilities will include development of new business from existing clients and new prospects. Applicants will preferably be degree qualified in chemical engineering or similar and have previous experience of chemical water treatment and process treatment (selling service and new equipment) with light industrial customers including Schools, Hospitals and Pharmaceutical manufacturers) For more information and to apply for this position, please send your CV with a covering email to explain why you feel you should be considered for this post. By sending us your CV you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your personal data on a computer database for the purpose of evaluating your application for employment. This processing will be carried out in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act **** By applying for this role you hereby consent to us to finding you work on your behalf. If you do not wish your CV to be sent to our client then you must clearly state this to us. iNTECH Recruitment act as both an employment agency for all permanent positions and as an employment business for temporary contract positions. Please note: All calls are recorded for training, quality and business purposes