Title: Lead EC&I Engineer
Webindex: 72242716
Company: Earthstream
Description: Our Client, one of the worlds leading power generation companies, is seeking a Lead EC I Engineer due to continued success and divisional growth. Reporting to the Engineering Manager the main duties of the role will include; Lead the development of design and delivery of projects by leading/supporting the technical aspects of EC I engineering works. Perform all duties with a strong emphasis on health, safety, quality and environment compliance and continuous improvement. Review engineering documentation, feasibility and compliance with client requirements and support the preparation of accurate budgets including Bills of Quantities for new projects. Lead the development of construction or installation sequence and outage programmes where required in relation to EC I engineering works. Responsible for preparing basic and detailed EC I engineering specifications and designs in accordance with British or European Standards Responsible for providing technical assessment of tender submissions and reporting recommendations to client. Preparing specifications and coordinating preparation of drawings. Control of correspondence and drawings to be issued. Ensure EC I engineering designs and construction practices are in accordance with current legislation, policies and operational requirements. Lead the technical resolution of site or construction EC I engineering issues. Tender assessment of EC I engineering works (including suppliers), support to project management on the assessment of bids. Provide technical support to clients, consultants, contractors and others on matters concerning the design, construction and maintenance of EC I works. Preparation of project quality documentation following all IEC and client quality processes and provide and meet deliverables for PQP's. Maintain an awareness of technological advances and industry best practice. Evaluate and apply new ideas, technical developments, new equipment and alternativeworking methods to provide cost savings, efficiencies and improved safety. Contribute to training needs assessment for new products/standards and the development and delivery of technical and safety training packages. Liase across multi disciplinary engineering teams to provide end to end integrated solutions. The ideal candidate will have; Degree in Electrical Engineering or relevant EC I discipline. Member of a professional institution. Proven experience in a responsible position and knowledge of EC I Engineering works required for Generation projects. Good interpersonal and communication skills and the ability to form effective working relationships with other individuals, departments and businesses. Knowledge of health safety requirements in particular CDM regulation compliance Our client is offering a competitive salary, significant career opportunities and the chance to work for one of Europe's leading power generation companies, don't delay your application apply now by sending in your CV This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LeadECIEngineer_job****