Title: GAS TURBINE SERVICE ENGINEER
Webindex: 69966647
Company: Trickett Ames Recruitment Solutions
Description: Gas Turbine Service Engineer Based: UK  Home based role Our Client provides service solutions and spares to the Gas Turbine Industry primarily covering the GEC and Siemens range of Heavy Duty and AeroDerivative Gas Turbines. They offer a complete service solution covering all elements of the Gas Turbine Package. They currently seek to recruit a Gas Turbine Service Technician to support and grow their business. The Role: To complete turnkey mechanical sitebased inspections, outages and upgrades which focus on the servicing and repair of gas turbines and power turbine assemblies in the **** to 80 MW range plus associated driven equipment. This includes the performance of mechanical maintenance activities either alone or as part of a team of small site based teams (**** people), depending on the size of the outage. Works are predominantly in the UK north Sea sector, and the Middle East/India. The Person: A minimum of an ONC or equivalent in Mechanical Engineering is required. Relevant experience will be considered in lieu of a formal qualification. The candidate will preferably need to have served a recognised apprenticeship in a related industry with hands on mechanical site service, repair and upgrade experience. You should demonstrate technical knowledge of gas turbine, particularly fuel systems, gas generators and power turbine assemblies, their components and repair procedures. Specific knowledge of those gas turbine units manufactured by GEC and Siemens Gas Turbines would be particularly beneficial. Some knowledge of Rolls Royce Avon, Olympus or RB**** gas generators would be especially useful. Knowledge of control principles and their application to industrial gas turbines would be an advantage although not essential Candidates must be flexible in their approach to work, and willing to assist in other areas of the business if required. Full Job Description Available This is a permanent position Trickett Ames Recruitment Solutions is acting as an Employment Business in relation to these vacancies. If your experience matches please forward your CV immediately. We thank all applicants who respond, but only those short listed will be contacted