Title: Senior Facilities Manager  Hard Services
Webindex: 72457794
Company: Riverside Technical Solutions Limited
Description: Senior Facilities Manager Our client is a long established multinational, multidiscipline contractor, based in the UK with several offices abroad. They are currently putting a team together for a highvalue, highspec commercial blue chip set of buildings and FM contract in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. They are looking to recruit a Senior Facilities Manager  HARD SERVICES Role: The Senior Facilities Manager has the overall responsibility for the management of the FM contract . Using a proactive and innovative approach the Senior Facilities Manager will ensure: The contract’s financial success through delivery of the yearly profit forecast Customer advocacy through exceptional service Full compliance with the contract and clients services business systems Site staff management through effective leadership for a high performance team/ Responsibilities will include: The Senior Facilities Manager has the responsibility for the management of the contract supported by the Business Management System. Efficiently and effectively deliver the range of services identified in the facilities management contract. Prepare and submit accurate yearly budget, quarterly reforecast and monthly accruals. Manage the level of customer relationship that would result in the client being prepared to be contractor advocate and would recommend contractor to others. Ensure full compliance the contract obligations. Manage contract performance KPI resulting in no abatement Ensure full compliance with clients business systems, including the Quality Management System (QMS), Occupational Health Safety System(OH S), Environmental Management System (EMS), Risk and Opportunity Management System (ROMS). Ensure compliance with relevant laws, regulations, codes and standards. Provide proactive and effective leadership to all site staff that enables a cohesive and positive working environment and ensures a high level of staff satisfaction. Attendance on site on a fulltime basis and ensure arrangements are in place to provide appropriate service coverage. Provide an emergency twentyfour/seven hour emergency callout service. Provide technical management service and support to the clients. Establish and maintain a close working relationship with the Client and their representative Requirements Qualifications ESSENTIAL: Relevant technical qualifications such as degree or trade equivalent in Building, Mechanical, Electrical or Services Engineering. Training in current OH S and QA and environmental legislations and systems. DESIRABLE: Industry recognised course in Building/Facilities Management or related discipline. First Aid Certificate. Facilities Maintenance Management and / or Property Management qualifications. Contract Management training Financial / accounting training. This is a fantastic opportunity for a FM professional to advance their career. If interested, please apply ASAP for more details. Contact Steve Parkes inforivtech.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorFacilitiesManagerHardServices_job****