Title: PA to Head of Project Delivery  City of London
Webindex: 71195995
Company: Randstad
Description: Seeking an experienced PA to join a leading engineering contractor specialising in the Rail and Civil sector. You will be the PA to the Head of Project Delivery. This is an exciting opportunity to join a large and growing company, looking after busy projects working with the London Underground. The company are looking after a number of projects expected to be worked on over the next 7 years, valued at around pound;****m, employing approximately **** permanent members of staff. As the PA you will be responsible for producing, organising and filing all site correspondence and providing organisation services to the Head of Project Delivery. Your main responsibilities will include:  Diary management and scheduling  Internal and external post duties  Typing of correspondence such as letters, memos and faxes  General administrative support to the senior team  Assisting to organise meetings, presentations and travel arrangements  Coordinate and collate project reports in instructed by the Head of Project Delivery In return for your hard work and commitment you will receive a number of rewards and benefits:  25 days annual leave per annum  Company Car  fuel card for business and personal use  Defined Contribution Pension Fund (ER contributions  EE contributions  2%)  Life assurance at 3 frac****; times salary  Flexible benefits scheme (option to buy 5 extra days annual leave, bike **** work, dental plan, childcare vouchers, shopping vouchers)  Eligibility for PPP Healthcare Scheme [after 3 years service]  Annual Share Save Scheme You must have strong experience within an administrative and PA capacity within the construction or engineering industry, ideally as a PA to a SENIOR member of staff. You must be a proficient user (advanced) of Microsoft Offices suite packages too. You must be a proactive individual, willing and able to adhere to strict deadlines and work in an efficient manor to deal with and requirements that may be needed. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills PA, permanent, enginerring, london, pa job, permanent, engineering job, london job