Title: Shift Team Leader
Webindex: 67784458
Description: Essentia provides planned and reactive maintenance for all clients properties, plant and equipment, alongside technical support and consultancy. We do this both by delivering inhouse services, and by managing and monitoring various specialist contractors employed to supply elements of this service on behalf of clients. Our aim is to enhance the reputation of the healthcare organisations by providing excellent standards of service which exceed all statutory requirements. We capitalise on the latest technology to ensure an efficient and safe environment for patients, staff and the public, reducing infrastructure expenditure through timely estates maintenance. The Post offers an exiting opportunity for the successful candidate to play a key role in taking the Maintenance Service forward ensuring that it meets the required standards in relation to quality of service. The post requires experience with respect to maintenance of engineering equipment used in a complex environment such as a hospital. Has completed a recognised apprenticeship and city and guilds of equivalent qualifications and has skills and experience in electrical system maintenance and management of a inhouse workforce and specialist external contractors. The successful candidate will be a self starter with proven skills and ideally will have experience of working in an acute NHS environment. Strong communication, interpersonal and facilitation skills are essential for this role, with the successful candidate operating across organisational boundaries. The post is part Essentia  Asset Management Team and reports to the Electrical Operation Engineer for the Guy s Site. We are part of Guy s and St Thomas NHS Foundation Trust, which means our services are by the NHS, for the NHS. We are committed to nurturing public sector careers and our own inhouse training Academy aims to build a sustainable workforce driven by NHS values, yet schooled in dynamic working practices and technological expertise.