Title: CNC operator (Nights)
Webindex: 67019820
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment
Description: CNC operator (Nights) Bristol **** ******** **** Overtime Progression Training Pension Here is an excellent position available for a CNC operator to work for a leading aerospace Manufacturer that offers outstanding working conditions, career progression, training and lots of overtime. Here is a great opportunity to join a long standing and well reputed company that has just won contracts with the worlds leading aerospace companies. Established **** this company has grown from strength to strength and is now a major manufacturer of components supplied into leading aerospace companies across the UK. Having just won large contract, they have expanded production which has allowed them to increase their work force. In this role you will be responsible CNC operating were you will be machining precision components that are supplied to the top aerospace companies. You will be working in a state of the art machine shop and have exposure to a range of different machinery which you will be developed on. This is a position that will utilise all your skills with a company that with teach you new skills through outstanding training and career development. He is the ideal position available for a CNC operator to develop your skills through lots of training and career development whilst working for a leading aerospace company offering lots of overtime and career stability. The Role: CNC operator Machining components for the aerospace industry Nights Overtime Available (Time and a half) Progression and training available The Person Experience CNC machinist Looking to work in a state of the art environment Looking to improve skills through training and development Cnc operator, engineering, Fanuc, Setting, Operating, Producing, Alpha Cam, CAD, CNC Lathes, CNC Mills, manufacturing, mechanical, engineering, programming, CNC engineer, tight tolerances, aerospace, time served, apprentice trained, grinding, milling, turning, manual This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from engineering candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed