Title: Senior Commissioning Engineer  Submarine Systems
Webindex: 65184797
Company: ERS
Description: Senior Commissioning Engineer  Submarine Systems Cumbria Senior Commissioning Engineer  Submarine Systems: An Opportunity has arisen for a Senior Commissioning Engineer  Submarine Systems for a major defence company based in Cumbria. Senior Commissioning Engineer  Submarine Systems Key Responsibilities:  To carry out routine work with no supervision and complex tasks under minimal supervision  To be able to access, have a clear understanding of and apply the Quality and HSandE Management System documentation e.g. Process Instructions, Workmanship Standards, Risk Assessments etc. applicable to your particular work scope and to obey all HSandE rules and control measures.  Responsible for the Commissioning, Trials, Operation and Setting to Work of Reactor Systems / Equipment as appropriate  Provide a support service to Boat Builds, SMITE, MoD and Commercial Customers as appropriate.  Responsible for research and compilation of appropriate Documentation, to the required Standard  Represent the Company on Contractors Sea Trials and other outworking requirements including guarantee periods as applicable.  Liaise / Interface with appropriate areas Internally and Externally to ensure safe and efficient operations.  Control of Sub Contractors which could involve input into risk assessments, method statements, security arrangements and monitoring of work  Keep full and accurate records of work activities carried out by using company systems.  Use of Company Computer Systems Software as appropriate As a Senior Commissioning Engineer  Submarine Systems, your skills and qualifications will ideally include:  A wide knowledge in commissioning, testing and setting to work of systems and equipment in related areas  Very good understanding of engineering practice and applications in related areas  Good knowledge of working to authorised documentation  Skilled in the use of standard Microsoft packages  H.N.C or equivalent in related discipline  CAT A or CAT B Nuclear watch keeping qualification would be an advantage  Ideally these candidates will have come from a Royal Naval Background and have knowledge of nuclear subs The successful candidate will be required to be security cleared prior to employment. A great opportunity  send your CV to cv_steve_dignumers.co.uk or call Steve on **** **** for more details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorCommissioningEngineerSubmarineSystems_job****