Title: Test Verification Engineer  ATEs
Webindex: 69007921
Company: CBSbutler
Description: Test s) SUMMARY OF JOB FUNCTION: Responsible for transferring and commissioning ATEs (automated test equipment s) Engineering ownership of all aspects of ATEs (software, hardware, maintenance, development, upgrades, improvements ) and burnin ovens to ensure DOWN time is minimised and WaVe test (wafer verification test) does not constrain shipment of qualified wafers to customers or future products ramps. Implement test solution for optoelectronic devices (Tunable Lasers, Mach Zehnders, Photodiode detector devices, monolithically integrated devices) establishing project plans, designing hardware, authoring software, building test rigs. Carry out specific maintenance and preventative activities to ensure functional continuity of the production line. Identify improvement opportunity both in terms of capital efficiency and test time reduction and drive the implementation (automated optical alignment, test software efficiency, GUI interfaces, multibar loading, vision machine) Document hardware and software. Write AOI before production handover. Responsible for production technician training. JOB CHALLENGES: Automate test sequences controlling networked instruments (OSA, sourcemeters, wavelengthmetersburnin ovens) over GPIB, RS**** USB, PXI communication protocols Achieve test rigs commissioning within planned timescales. Ensure ATEs achieve required level of output as required by production demand Design and modify existing hardware and software. Produce correlation and reproducibility trials to ensure system meets specification be release to production. Hands on approach with outstanding debugging, troubleshooting and technical problem solving skills. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: QUALIFICATIONS: BSc/BEng/MSc/MEng (or equivalent) in Electronic Engineering/Physics/Optical Communications or similar discipline. KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS: (to have some off:) Design and construction of test systems, hardware and software, for optoelectronic components. National Instruments Test Stand Strong Object Oriented Design and Software Development skills using C or C++, VB, with solid knowledge of data analysis and algorithms. MCAD and ECAD skills desirable. MS Project desirable. EXPERIENCE: Experienced in working with optoelectronics devices. Microsoft Visual Studio.net in particularly VB, C and C++ PXI system an asset