Title: Design Project Engineer, Packaging Equipment
Webindex: 71367549
Company: Ruth Wagstaff LLP
Description: Design Project Engineer Packaging Equipment Immediate permanent opportunity to join the specialist packaging division of a turnkey project management company working on a variety of UK and global projects. We are seeking an experienced engineer from a design background with industry experience from brewery, food or pharmaceutical field. Our client are interested in speaking with engineers seeking to progress their careers into projects or a more experience engineer who already had proven project experience, commercially focused to deliver innovative engineering solutions from initial conception through to final client handover. Key responsibilities include: Engineering Design, provide tailored solutions incorporating an appropriate blend of innovation and practicality. Requirements for drawings will range from initial concepts through to as installed. Delivering project objectives within capital, time, quality and legislative parameters. Equipment Supplier Selection, carrying out detailed tender analysis including commercial and technical evaluations for required items of equipment. Control of capital expenditure and contractor variations. Preparation of project programme in conjunction with the client / suppliers. Chair design review meetings with equipment suppliers / clients. Ensure equipment is manufactured to the correct standards in accordance with the required project programme key dates. Joining a global consultancy business with a strong reputation within the FMCG industry their reputation continues to deliver exceptional high levels of repeat business and referrals. Our client offers an excellent salary and full benefits package including company car allowance, realistic and achievable bonus. If you are Design Engineer or an experienced Project Engineering with the relevant FMCG industry experience and looking for a new challenge then we would like to hear from you, please contract Ruth Wagstaff Recruitment directly. Alternatively you can email. Ruth Wagstaff Recruitment offers a dedicated and individual recruitment service for professional candidates seeking new opportunities within the manufacturing industry, please visit our website to view current opportunities