Title: Major System ARM Engineer
Webindex: 66375839
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Major System ARM Engineer Bristol Permanent pound;**** to pound;**** The main purpose of the role is to assess and analyse defect reports from operational inservice submarines to establish baseline reliability data. Important Experience in the operation amp; maintenance of nuclear submarines / suitable experience in the upkeep and repair of vessels (RN) The Job Responsibilities: To take ownership of specific ARM tasks allocated by the ARM Section Leader and to manage completion of the task within timescales specified, including elements of the task that are the responsibility of other SSMG staff and the customer. Undertake ARM analysis, for selected submarine, platform and combat, systems and equipment by applying appropriate analysis techniques. Carry out trend analyses on defects; operational, STW, tests/trials, and other available data. Assess system performance. Determine options and recommendations to optimise performance and through life costs to Stakeholders; DAs, OBUs, etc. Prepare technical reports based on ARM analysis or EPA/Root Cause Analysis conducted, including recommendations and conclusions. Present the ARM analysis results to the DA and other technical authorities. Maintain awareness and contribute to new and emerging ARM practices and initiatives. Supervision of any Staff allocated to tasks which the ARM Engineer is managing. Application of objectives and targets as set by the Section Leader and timely notification of any potential problems. Evaluate submarine RCM studies. Key Skills and Qualifications: RN operator / maintainer preferably submarine, preferably Senior Rate Marine Engineer (ME), or Civilian engineer familiar with upkeep / repair of vessels / platform systems, preferably submarine. Knowledge / experience of submarine / surface ship operation. Good IT skills, particularly MS packages and capable of rapidly becoming familiar with using bespoke IT applications (accessing databases and use of analysis tools). Good communication skills, including Report Writing Capable of being SC security cleared. Must not have dual nationality Other Knowledge / experience of MOD organisation and working practices Background in submarine support Familiar with ARM analysis techniques To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK