Title: Principal / Senior Mechanical Design Engineer
Webindex: 68824220
Company: Minstrell Recruitment LTD
Description: Principal/Senior Mechanical Design Engineer Main purpose of role: Design Services are involved in a wide variety of business support activities; inservice support, refit support, and life extension programmes, for Submarines, Surface Ship, Naval support craft(LCU s to Tankers) and site facilities and assets. Successful candidates are required to be Chartered Engineers or capable of achieving chartered status, ideally hold a degree in a relevant discipline and have relevant experience in the design and engineering environment of the platforms or subsystems. They are required to have a good working knowledge of the codes and standards and authorities regulating the work environment and will be able to demonstrate their ability to:  Undertake a range of design activities associated with marine / mechanical equipments and systems, and produce technical reports.  Review system drawings and specifications for marine / mechanical systems  Produce unambiguous statement of the customer s requirements. Able to verify and amend statements of requirements prepared by team members.  Extend a sound grasp of current engineering theories and techniques into new areas of work.  Undertake engineering assessment and review assessments by others, by way of attending, contributing or leading Design Reviews.  Review and select the best design approach to solve engineering problems.  Provide practical engineering solutions to problems and objectively assess different design options.  Lead presentations, meetings and design reviews.  Produce clear and concise technical documentation.  Work to agreed quality standards and regulatory constraints.  Ensure application of quality management principles by team members.  Ensure teams are working to appropriate processes and procedures.  Lead multi discipline teams.  Manage project planning.  Manage health and safety aspects of the design, self and others.  Develop self and others.  To assist with bid activities including production of proposals and estimates iaw corporate procedures.  Lead or contribute to Equipment specification and selection and Management of external suppliers. Experience/Qualifications:  Engineering Degree.  SSMO safety course.  Chartered Engineer or eligible to be Chartered Engineer.  Member of relevant professional body.  Previous work in a design engineering environment.  Ministry of defence working practices.  To exhibit a good understanding of marine / mechanical engineering subjects including mechanics, materials, fluids and thermodynamics; ability to translate theory into practical and pragmatic solutions.  Ability to diagnose weaknesses in systems and identify potential solutions, and system improvements.  Technically lead a small engineering team.  Competent with software packages (MS Word, Excel).  Experience on CAD, Finite Element Analysis software and/or Fluid Dynamics software an advantage.  Knowledge of Design Codes, British Standards, ASME codes and European codes an advantage.  Experience in Marine / dockyard environment, preferably related to design, operation or maintenance of Naval Ships / Submarines an advantage.  Ability to confidently and appropriately represent the company  Design Services on Technical subjects when required to internal/external customers, suppliers, and Company peers. Successful candidates will need to satisfy Ministry of Defence security requirements and may be required to complete a medical assessment. This role will be a full time permanent position, paid on a personal contract basis. Please apply direct.