Title: (Junior) Structural Engineer
Webindex: 71199740
Company: prosperIS Recruitment Ltd
Description: Job Title: (Junior) Structural Engineer. Based: Cirencester/Bristol  commutable from Gloucester, Cheltenham, Swindon and Bristol. Salary: c.**** per annum, negotiable dependent on experience. Start Date: February/March 2013. Our multidisciplinary Consultancy client is committed to continuing the establishment of their UK Civil Structures Group over the next few years to enhance their status as a leading player in their chosen markets. They are seeking to grow their Cirencester/Bristolbased Structural Engineering team by finding an enthusiastic Structural Engineer who can embrace the diverse yet exciting challenges the team faces. They want to find people who are seeking to grow their career in a dynamic and teamoriented atmosphere. Our client is a leading projects firm, with global capability in strategic consulting, design and delivery. Its offices serve the Buildings and Infrastructure, Mining and Metals, Power and Energy and Water and Environment sectors. You will ideally be a proactive, self motivated individual who is a Structural or Civil Engineering graduate(or with commensurate commercial experience) with experience of working in a busy Structural Engineering team on a diverse range of Structural Engineering projects. The successful applicant must have knowledge of structural techniques. Ideally you will have ambition to achieve Chartered Engineer status in the future. We anticipate that the successful applicant will have the following skills and experience: Civil/Structural Engineering degree(or commensurate commercial experience). be conversant with Microsoft packages and have the ability to utilise other project related software. good report writing skills. a basic understanding of UK Design codes. exceptional communication skills. The successful applicant will be expected to want to develop their career through internal and external training programmes and individual learning. The role will principally involve: handson design. assisting with design reviews. help develop and grow the design team. demonstrate ability to deliver competently within agreed budget and timeframes. attending Design Team Meetings. interface with external clients. site representation. Please contact us now for further details of this fantastic new opportunity for an enthusiastic Structural Engineer should you feel you have the necessary skills, experience, passion and enthusiasm to succeed within such an exciting working environment.