Title: Multi Skilled Field Service Engineer  Packaging
Webindex: 72443033
Company: CSL Developments Ltd
Description: CSL Developments Ltd is looking to recruit a Multi Skilled Field Engineer. The successful candidate will be expected to cover existing customer sites and handle new business opportunities Nationwide. They will have a good in depth knowledge of food packaging machinery. Bias towards cheese cutting and packaging equipment would be advantageous. The successful candidate will be expected to handle projects of varying complexity, to include identifying and sourcing packaging solutions, and the planning, building, commissioning and training of our OEM equipment installations. The main skills that this role will demand are the ability to turn new business opportunities into orders through accurate investigation and sourcing, the ability to carry out routine maintenance of food packaging machinery, the ability to install OEM and 3rd party plant and equipment and train operatives as required, the ability to refurbish and commission 3rd party plant and equipment and train operatives as required. Must be very customer focused and have sound electrical knowledge and electronics to PCB level with good fault finding ability. It would be an advantage to have mechanical abilty and also the ability to weld and fabricate. Main duties for the role include   Turning new business opportunities into orders through accurate investigation and sourcing  Routine maintenance tasks and checks as required by planned maintenance programmes  Repairs or replace equipment and plant to minimise breakdowns and plant stoppages  Adjustments as necessary, to achieve optimum performance from food packaging equipment  Full refurbishment and commissioning of used 3rd party equipment  Operative training  Act as an ambassador for the company when on our customers sites  Be able to work alone and manage your own time proactively when both on and off site and develop relationships with the customers and supply partners  Good communication skills are essential as are excellent organisational skills  Have a flexible and proactive work attitude The candidate will ideally have experience in all or a majority of the following packaging equipment manufacturer’s equipment – Cryovac, Ishida, Marel, Herma, Bizerba, Loma, PFM, Multivac, Dunelm, Atwell, Wright Pugson, PALS, Smartdate, and Cobalt. The role is approximately 80% planned and 20% reactive. This is not a **** job  you must be flexible, depending on the clients and the business’s needs. The key accounts are spread across Cheshire, Shropshire and the Midlands and the office is based in Buckinghamshire so the successful applicant must live in commuting distance from these locations and near good motorway links. Package – Competitive Basic Salary, Company Car, Mobile Phone, Laptop. The Company This organisation specialises in bespoke vision inspection equipment which is utilised by a number of the food industries including the Dairy and Fish sectors. We have invested a vast amount in the company and its employees recently and are now reaping the rewards. We are constantly evolving the product range to target new markets and to provide better solutions to their existing clients. We are a packaging solutions provider, with service contracts at customer sites Nationwide. The successful candidate should share this vision and want to become a major part of the reason for this companies growth. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MultiSkilledFieldServiceEngineerPackaging_job****