Title: Business Consultant (Engineering)
Webindex: 70101214
Company: ATA Recruitment
Description: Expanding UK based consultancy focused on delivering engineering solutions across a multitude of industries is currently seeking an entry level Consultant or experienced Consultant to join their ever growing team. Salary Location: Graduate salary ****k, experienced candidates salary negotiable Fantastic training and development programmes, superb career and technical progression available, Pension and Bonus Scheme. Location: Bristol or commuting distance Are you looking to kickstart out your career in project management or are you an experienced engineer looking for a new challenge with a rapidly expanding UK based consultancy? If so, then look no further Working both individually and as part of a team, your role will involved collating data and information, processing the information in line with the project outline, presenting the data through whichever medium is deemed most appropriate and following through to the handover of the completed project to the client. Projects include strategy development, technology presentations and knowledge acquisition. This is a very customer focused role, involving liaising with technical staff of all hierarchical levels, setting up and running project meetings, managing the expectations of all stakeholders involved with the project as well as all administration duties. Ideally the candidate will be based in Bristol or close. . The Candidate: Degree in Engineering or Science related discipline (Min ****:****) Excellent communication skills Desire to progress in a Project Management field Having a driving license would be useful though not essential The Company: UK based engineering consultancy specialising in project managing a range of information and knowledge related activities within a multitude of industries throughout the marketplace. Having been established for over 5 years the company has grown from strength to strength and have a strong order book for 2012/ 2013. Offering complete turnkey solutions, they are able to adapt to customer requests much easier than their competitors and see this as their key strategic ploy to increase turnover and profitability over the next 3 years. This really is a great opportunity for any engineer looking for a new role with a worldwide company. Any calibre of engineer at any experience level within their career can and will be considered and so if it's security, good earning potential, fantastic career development and a great working atmosphere you are after, apply now quoting the reference number given or, alternatively, contact Justin Reynolds on [blocked] for immediate assessment of your suitability.  Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this position 