Title: Multi Skilled Technician (Electrical Bias)
Webindex: 69776751
Company: Onsite Recruitment
Description: My Client, a large Facilities Company, has a vacancy for a MultiSkilled Technician with an electrical bias to join their mobile team in London to assist with all aspects of the deliverables required by the contracts. This includes Planned Preventative Maintenance (PPM), Reactive Works, Projects Works in accordance with the Clients requirements. The requirement to communicate clearly with other personnel and the client as required is important. Monday to Friday, 8am to 5pm, 40 hours per week. Principle Accountabilities: Adherence to set standards in accordance with the Health and Safety procedures completion of risk assessments in conjunction with the team and ensure risk are minimized and reported accordingly. To carry out and ensure PPM is completed in accordance with set schedules, ensuring standards are maintained in order to maximise the operational effectiveness and reliability of the Plant and associated systems. To carry out additional work / projects as required by line management. To respond in a prompt and effective manner to all reactive issues and help desk requests. To develop opportunities with customers to provide technical solutions to problems. To provide supervision & permits to visiting service providers associated with the PPM schedules or reactive call outs. To respond to callouts and cover breakdowns and emergencies as required by the contract. The role will require adhoc overtime working where workload dictates and the call out arrangements need monitoring and reacting to as and when required Be part of the on call out of hours rota system, Carry out any reasonable request from the management team. To respond in a prompt and effective manner to all reactive maintenance issues and help desk requests. To provide attendance to visiting specialist service providers associated with the PPM schedules. To carry out any general day to day duties as requested by Management or that of which is required by the contract and or client. Qualifications and Experience: Essential Elements Confidence and commitment to providing a high quality professional service Good written and verbal communication skills Effective problem solving skills Willingness and ability to work as a team member Knowledge of safe working systems Good level of interpersonal and customer relationship skills. Trade Qualifications HNC,BTEC C&G or equivalent, 17th Edition