Title: Senior Buyer circa ****k pa  Cambridgeshire
Webindex: 69560175
Company: Food Careers Limited
Description: Senior Buyer circa ****k pa including Car Allowance  Pension  Healthcare Cambridgeshire Operating from multiple sites, this leading Food Machinery company is immersed within many sectors of the Food Industry around the Globe and consistently provides technical excellence in their solutions, from design, installation and commissioning through to highend aftermarket support. Imperative to their success is their Procurement strategy and to facilitate further development of their industry leading Sourcing standards and strategies, the company have an exciting opportunity available for a Senior Buyer. This highly visible role offers considerable autonomy to develop Outsourcing and Subcontract Purchasing strategies. Working as part of the sourcing initiative, you will establish, implement and execute a Procurement strategy focusing on Process Equipment, Fabrication and Machined Parts. The Senior Buyer will ensure outsourced parts meet optimum value, required quality and are delivered on time. They will conduct feasibility studies of Outsourced Supplier Partners and it is imperative that all applicants have Process Engineering experience within Machining and/or Fabrication (this is a must). Reporting to the Purchasing Manager, the Senior Buyer will provide Purchasing, Negotiation and Tendering advice to ensure the goals of the company are reached. They will lead initiatives that will optimise supply chain systems and delivery, with an aim to continuously improve the flow of goods and services whilst improving the customer experience and taking out cost. The Senior Buyer will develop strategic plans to maintain lowcost highquality sources of supply and take an active role in supplier relationship activities. Supplier Management will form a key requirement of the role, and this will include, undertaking supplier reviews, chairing supplier meetings, supplier quality and corrective action reviews, provide supplier spend analysis and liaise with all internal departments to discuss any supplier issue. Leading purchasing project teams will be a further requirement of this role and we are seeking applicants with management skills, professional integrity, strong negotiation skills, commercial competence and strong contractual awareness. The successful candidate shall have a proven track record in Procurement, ideally with a background in Manufacturing Engineering, Process Engineering, Precision Engineering, Fabrication or Machining, coupled to a solid level of academic and professional study such as a Degree and/or CIPS. Ref **** This vacancy is commutable from Cambridgeshire, Lincolnshire, Northamptonshire, Peterborough, Wisbech, Spalding, Corby, Cambridge, Huntingdon and Stamford