Title: Yard amp; Logistics Supervisor
Webindex: 71684903
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview CCSUtilities Purpose of Role Reporting to the Senior Supervisor, the purpose of this role is to ensure that work is completed safely, on time and to budget and to the required quality. nbsp;The job holder will be responsible for ensuring that labour is effectively managed and utilised and to manage the coordination of subcontractor operations Key Objectives of the Role To undertake the management of labour force and subcontractors Liaise with the Supervisor, Planner and Sector or Operations Manager to establish programme of works (weekly rolling) and method of working. To control the works of the labour teams and to issue works to gangs in a structured and organised manner Inspect, prepare and maintain site for the execution of work. Organise the mobilisation / demobilisation of labour, plant, materials and equipment for the execution of the works in accordance with the agreed programme. Monitor and control quality of works and motivate resources to ensure finished work is in accordance with the drawings, specifications and Employer s requirements. Implement, maintain and monitor systems for managing site safety, welfare and environmental issues (including giving toolbox talks and briefings). People Management Safety Briefings, Performance Reviews, Development, Discipline/Grievance and other People Policies Processes Accurate and Timely Completion of a. Job Packs b. Records c. Audits Finance Minimise Material consumption, Manage PPE, Plant Hire Cost management Continuous Improvement Minimise abortive and repeat visits Effective Communication/Relationships public and customer Issue Resolution public and customer Job Level Overview The Job Holder is subject to managerial control and the job is generally subject to practices and procedures that have clear precedents, or are covered by closely defined policies. The Job Holder may be part qualified and will certainly possess some specialised skills that may have been gained through on the job experience. The Job Holder s performance will have either a minimal impact on plc performance, or a very small impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Accountable for the completion of standard or nonstandard tasks, within the scope of the function Delivers activities to support operational objectives for their role Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically up to 6 months Makes decisions within parameters set by manager, using job/specialist experience Interacts with client or users around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Supervises the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility Focus of work on the completion of a set of related tasks for a particular section or service with the ability to accommodate new tasks Financial Accountabilities Identifies ways to reduce cost Work within a given budget, usually without authorised spend of their own People Accountabilities Required to supervise a small team Coordinates available resource to deal with the work in hand Required to assist less experienced staff Undertakes the performance reviews and provides training recommendations Responsible for performance management issues and recommending disciplinary actions. Knowledge and Applied Skills Working knowledge of one functional area through job experience amp; training Likely to have 25 years business experience, be a minimum partqualified professional, and have a Certificate Level of Qualification as a minimum. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information Must have a proven track record in the management of major construction yards and demonstrate ability to control and manage complex logistic operations, Must have a good working knowledge of OHL transmission components and construction methods including all specialist plant and equipment.