Title: Technical Services Manager  North West London
Webindex: 70607865
Company: Foundation Recruitment
Description: Technical Services Manager  North West London My client is a well established service provider operating in a number of different sectors including Retail, Healthcare, Education, Commercial and Industrial. Due to growth, they are looking for a Technical Services Manager to join their team within a high profile retail scheme in North West London. Reporting into the Customer Business Manager, you will be working on one of my clients most prestigious contracts responsible for the operational delivery of hard services within the scheme. Direct responsibility for a team of 9 people, one being a Maintenance Manager, four Shift Engineers and four Administration staff. You will ensure the effective delivery of all M s/SLA s that have been set and agreed to. Regular client/tenant liaison being the first point of contact in relation to any problems or technical queries, attending meetings and working with them for continuous improvement. You must be customer focussed and possess ambassadorial qualities able to liaise with various different stakeholders such as the public, the client, subcontractors, retailers, local authority and emergency services. Budgetary control, ensuring costs fall within the agreed budget. Responsible for managing projects that occur within the contract specifically plant replacement projects. Working with Concept CAFM system for management information and reporting.In order to be successful in your application, you will need to possess the following: An electrical or mechanical engineering background. A proven track record of working at a similar level ideally within a Retail environment. A solid grounding within a hard services operational role (HVAC/M s licence.This is a fantastic opportunity will a well established and highly reputable company. If you are interested in finding out more about the opportunity available, please contact Nicola Jackson on (Apply online only) for a noncommittal and confidential discussion or alternatively by email