Title: Product Design Engineer (Mechanical Engineer) BLUP****
Webindex: 69786374
Description: Our client provides organisations across the globe with energy management services, sustainable technologies and renewable energy solutions, to help them intelligently generate, buy and manage energy. They aim to help their customers reduce their energy consumption, carbon emissions and improve energy efficiency, with the ultimate goal of cutting costs and meeting environmental obligations. They now have an opportunity available for a Product Design Engineer reporting to the Head of New Product Development to join them to produce mechanical design information to support the operation and efficient production of CHP units. Within the role you will specify and select CHP components and equipment (e.g. pumps, fans, silencers, valves), provide design information to New Product Development CAD to enable them to produce mechanical designs and produce PID diagrams to detail system design. Modifying and updating existing CHP general arrangements, sales drawings, PIDs and fabrication drawings, you will carry out on going updates and improvements; supporting the test of new designs in Production and carrying out any modifications as necessary. You must also investigate and resolve issues reported from production, service and other internal and external sources, implementing improvements in safety, quality, manufacturability, cost and lead time whilst project managing improvements involving other departments as necessary. Candidates for this role must be educated to a minimum of HNC level in Mechanical Engineering (degree level or equivalent is desirable) with a background in engine development or applications, small process plant design, building engineering services or CHP experience. With an understanding of production and production planning methodologies, you will be proficient in AUTOCAD and be capable of reviewing and understanding third party controls. Computer literate and with an understanding of engineering design and operation, you must have an awareness of British Standards and an awareness of H S, industry and product legislation / best practice. This is a Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd vacancy who are operating as an employment agency. Once you have clicked to apply for this vacancy, we will then send you more information on the role including a copy of the application form via email.