Title: Senior Estimator  York
Webindex: 68805434
Company: Randstad
Description: Our client is looking for a Senior Estimator to join thier team in York. They are a large building services contractor that operate across the UK. They are planning to expand the business into other sectors within building services such as oil amp; gas, pharmacutical, transport (rail and air), nuclear and energy. It is essential that you have experience in atleast one of these sectors. ROLE PURPOSE To generate from the Client s enquiry accurate, competitive prime costs, prepare tender summaries, tender letters, complete tender documentation through to submission and attend meetings with the Client as required. To have a responsibility to take care for the health and safety of others To supervise Estimators/Trainees. SCOPE The postholder works within an estimating team and will lead tender activity on large projects within the building services sector. The postholder will report to the Estimating Manager/Chief Estimator. MAIN CHALLENGES The main challenge of the role is to produce a tender submission that meets the client s requirements whilst still retaining a competitive prime cost and potential to earn margin within the project. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES To check that the client s enquiry documentation is complete. To generate enquiries for materials, equipment and subcontract works from the client s specification. To ensure that the team is in receipt of all necessary documentation for assistance with site visits and for the generation of all tender supporting information. To liaise with internal or external design engineers as necessary. To lift quantities and other relevant information from the client s drawings and specifications and prepare costing sheets for materials and labour. To price client s bills of quantities. To resolve all technical queries from manufacturers, suppliers and subcontractors. To carry out site inspections and attend interviews as necessary. To appraise technically and financially all quotations. To assist Surveyors as necessary in the preparation of quantified schedule of rates and bill of quantities. To supervise and provide technical advice to Estimators. To assist with or prepare tender summaries and attend price meetings. To assist with or prepare the clients submission documentation. To assist in preparing tender preliminaries. To compile a strategy of alternative ideas and value engineering proposals. To produce labour gangs and labour rates. Ensure compliance with all Company Standards and Procedures. POSTHOLDER Educational Background Ideally a degree/HNC or equivalent professional experience in Mechanical/Electrical or Building Services. Experience At least 3 years experience of tendering work including full responsibility for getting into contract Experience of tendering for a range of large project sizes including a range of complexity and procurement route. Be aware of current market prices for construction work. Have a sound technical knowledge of the construction process. Work closely with internal and external clients. Able to lead and liaise with other members of the team both internally and externally. Commercially aware of the contractual implications of common forms of contract. Demonstrate ability to work to tight deadlines and deal with multiple projects and short tendering periods. Demonstrate logical and effective bid coordination and leadership skills. Ability to build up costs for traditional trades Demonstrate full commercial awareness of supply chain prime cost build ups and be able to constructively challenge specific quotations. Proven track record of established supply chain relationships and with operational teams. Ability to identify opportunities for value engineering and achieve best value prime cost. Ability to interrogate designs and constructively challenge consultant teams Desirable Sector Experience: Oil and Gas, Pharma, Transport (Rail, Air), Nuclear, Energy. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.