Title: Manufacturing Engineer (Heavy Engineering)
Webindex: 69172167
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Manufacturing Engineer (Heavy Engineering) Worcestershire Excellent role on offer for an experienced Manufacturing / Process Engineer from a heavy engineering or castings background looking for a varied, yet challenging position within a market leading company. Are you looking for an autonomous role where you can progress to a lead engineer in 12 years? The company form part of a successful worldwide organisation and supply the aerospace industry with hightech bespoke solutions. They have an excellent reputation for providing high quality solutions at the cutting edge of technology and are looking for a Manufacturing Engineer to provide engineering and technical support for their parts / products whilst looking at new part development and product improvement. In this varied role you will be responsible for developing parts and products for their biggest blue chip clients as well as liaising directly with the customers to ensure that products and parts are manufactured to specification whilst monitoring and implementing yield improvements and scrap level reduction. This role would initially be centered around product improvement but will lead to develop new product introduction whilst liaising directly with the shop floor, quality and operational departments. This is an autonomous yet challenging varied role which will suit an ambitious manufacturing / production / process engineer from a heavy engineering / foundry or castings background that is going to be looking for their next step into a lead engineering role within 12 years. The Role:  Part development and approval including metallurgical and dimensional aspects of the process  Dealing directly with the customers  Weekly conference calls and 12 times a year overseas travel  Project Management for new product development and product improvements  Liaise with the shop floor staff, quality and operational departments  Monitor scrap levels and implement improvement plans  Data Analysis  Problem solve and implement change  Tooling improvements  Progression to lead engineer  ****  ****  Progression  Pension  25 Days Holiday  Benefits The Person:  Experienced Manufacturing / Process / Production Engineer  Must come from a manufacturing environment  ideally castings, foundry or heavy engineering  Must have experience of Data Analysis  Must have experience of problem solving and implementing change  Experience of continuous improvements and lean manufacturing techniques  Must have excellent communication skills  Must be ambitious and want to progress your career Manufacturing Engineer, Product, Part Engineer, Dimensional, Data Analysis, Production Engineer, Process Improvements, Quality, Metallurgy, Material Science, Foundry, Forge, Gas Turbines, Aerospace, Machine Shop. This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ManufacturingEngineerHeavyEngineering_job****