Title: Project Manager  Highways  North West England
Webindex: 70675846
Company: Randstad
Description: My client is a strong, national construction company, specialising on highways projects. They have recently won a large project in the north west and are therefore in need of a highways Project Manager to start in the new year. Job Specification:  To liaise with the client officers to identify the works required and to price and resource accordingly.  To manage the interaction with the client and to provide regular updates to the client team  To project manage several projects from feasibility, through to detailed design and implementation.  Management of financial budgets, budget monitoring, compiling reports and profiles. Ensuring that budget delivered to these profiles  To provide reports, communication, programmes of delivery as and when required but on a regular basis to the Council  To provide a risk management approach and to mitigate/resolve risks that occur  To manage the workload and priorities of support staff to ensure that required deadlines are met  To scope and brief requirements from external support staff  To liaise closely with other members of the team and especially be able to liaise with our contractor partners  Ensure H amp;S obligations are delivered  To represent the key aims of the Council in meetings with third parties and developers  To arrange site investigations, surveys and other related work.  To prepare reports, drawings, schedules, and other documents in accordance with current industry standards.  To manage contractors and consultants engaged and monitor their performance.  To undertake liaison with other parts of the business in the delivery of projects to clients.  To ensure that day to day correspondence and other communications are dealt with professionally, speedily and effectively.  To ensure colleagues and other line managers are kept informed of progress.  To assist and advise on any aspect relating to the work of the team. Person Specification:  Degree qualified Civil Engineer  Minimum 5 years highways experience  Worked on project values of minimum pound;10 million If you are interested in the position please contact me on or call the office on **** **** **** We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills Randstad, Highways, Project Manager, Civil Engineer