Title: Quantitative Developer  C NET, Finance, Oxford, to ****k
Webindex: 70408763
Company: ECM Selection
Description: The problems our client solves are inherently quantitative and rich in technical innovation. They combine sophisticated mathematical techniques with leading edge technologies, to address today s demanding regulatory and reporting challenges in the financial environment. The role of the Quantitative Developer is to help develop, maintain and support their calculation engine. Your job is to determine the modelling approach and then code the resulting model. You will program the mathematical models in C .NET. This must be done with mathematical accuracy and considering system performance as critical. Code quality must be exceptional in technical design and clarity. You will research mathematical models for the efficient pricing of complex financial products, for the evolution of future market and credit events, for regulatory calculations and for the calibration of risk models. Position Requirements: You will be expected to demonstrate outstanding software engineering skill, exceptional mathematical ability and strong risk management business understanding. To be a successful applicant you must demonstrate outstanding financial engineering skill requiring exceptional mathematical skills normally evidenced with a PhD. You must have experience of programming complex problems and a demonstrable interest in technological innovation. Ideally such traits should be demonstrated from previous employment. You require a history of academic excellence i.e. top grades for all exams taken. A minimum of a 2.1 degree, in a subject of a technical nature, with a high mathematical content from a premier University (e.g. Cambridge/Imperial/Bristol/Oxford) is necessary. We expect to see exceptional Alevel grades (mostly As) or equivalent. Please note: even if you don t have exactly the background indicated, do contact us now if this type of job is of interest  we may well have similar opportunities that you would be suited to. And of course, we always get your permission before submitting your CV to a company.