Title: Mechanical Maintainer
Webindex: 69965849
Company: Premiere People
Description: My client is looking for an experienced mechanical maintainer. You should be timed served in a similar industry with high skill set and used to working in harsh environments from time to time. Working on a day shift  Monday to Friday 8am  4.30pm and then every 7 weeks doing a week of 2pm  10pm and then a week of Sunday  Saturday 8am  4pm and also being oncall for that week. Overall Purpose Provide an effective maintenance service for plant and equipment to achieve departmental and Works objectives. Focussed on Preventive and Predictive Maintenance to ensure maximum availability of plant. Provide breakdown maintenance when required. Comply with all health, safety, quality and environmental standards. Key Activities Planned Maintenance Carry out Planned routine maintenance and faultfinding. Cross Disciplinary Maintenance Carry out repairs and adjustments requiring cross discipline skills to the level authorised to include welding, machining use of lifting equipment, etc. Continuous Improvement Carry out repairs and recommend modifications to improve performance Reactive Maintenance Provide maintenance service for all plant and equipment. Environment/House Keeping/Safety Carry out housekeeping duties in the maintenance areas. Ensure that all safety, environmental and quality standards are maintained and management systems are complied with. Teamworking Being a conscientious and selfmotivated team player. Developing effective working relationships with team leaders and colleagues. Attending work on time and maintaining good attendance record. Taking personal responsibility for self development and training. Creativity and Innovation Displaying creativity and innovative ideas in all areas to drive performance. Contribute ideas readily and constructively in team meetings. Premiere People is a leading national recruitment consultancy with a network of branches across the UK. We have been established since **** and have grown to a marketleading consultancy. We supply permanent or temporary staff to all areas of business covering a variety of different industry sectors. Please be aware that we are receiving an unprecedented amount of advert response. Therefore, if you have not had a reply within **** working days we would kindly ask you to assume that your application has been unsuccessful. However, all CVs will be entered into our live database and we will contact you immediately should we feel that we have something of interest for you in the future. In respect of the above role(s), Premiere People operates as an Employment Agency as defined under the Employment Agencies Act ****