Title: Control Instrumentation Engineer
Webindex: 72697066
Company: Logical Personel Solutions Ltd
Description: Title: Control Instrumentation Engineer Location: Reading Salary: ****K  benefits Company Our client is a leading Engineering firm with a very strong presence in Defence and Nuclear sectors. They provide a range of services and expertise to their clients ranging from Design Structural Engineering, Electrical Mechanical Design, Systems Engineering, Safety Reliability and Project Programme Management. They are continuing to expand and they are looking for ambitious individuals to join the company. As a business they are very focussed on career progression and professional development. Role description They are looking for a number of Control Instrumentation Engineers to join the team based in Reading to support and contribute towards two of its major clients. Responsibilities will include;  Responsible for providing technical input into the control and instrumentation  Contribute towards electrical, control and instrumentation projects  Liaison with clients and suppliers  Generation of Front End Engineering Design packages.  Provide technical input into the relevant equipment assessment and reports.  Production of Commissioning Procedures.  Production of Technical Specifications. Requirements skills The ideal candidate will have one or more of the following;  Degree (or equivalent) in Electrical, Electronic or Control and Instrumentation Engineering or other relevant discipline. Or hold equivalent experience.  Experience in Electrical, Control and Instrumentation design.  Project management, including controls, planning.  Experience of Wiring Regulations 17th edition BS****  Experience of electrical plant and configuration design.  Experience of distribution electrical plant and configuration design.  Experience of protection and control design at Transmission and Distribution voltages. For further information on this opportunity please contact Andy Cooper at Logical Personnel Solutions on **** **** or email andy.cooperlogicalps.com This vacancy is being advertised by Logical Personnel Solutions Limited. The services advertised by Logical Personnel Solutions Limited are those of an Employment Agency.