Title: Technical Support  Video Conferencing Equipment
Webindex: 66894069
Company: Copperfield Recruitment
Description: Technical Support  Video Conferencing (VC) Equipment Salary up to ****k To provide technical support and operational support to clients regarding their A/V products using the remote tools and coordinating engineer call outs / repairs. Key Responsibilities and Duties of the post holder: Providing remote support to clients over the telephone and utilising remote support technologies at the VNOC. Accurately and quickly diagnose and remedy all faults and problems utilising remote tooling. To ensure a prompt, courteous and appropriate response to all customer requests for assistance and support. Provide complete closeout and turnover of jobs to the client or service departments ensuring all systems are fully functional and that equipment and system down time are kept to a minimum. Plan and coordinate preventive maintenance / testing of customer equipment, diagnose log and repair faults as required, overseeing the scheduling of all engineering activities. Responsible for reading and interpreting wiring diagrams, schematics, and drawings and reporting and remedying any discrepancies. Form strong working relationships with the onsite, offsite engineering team and the client. To provide accurate, detailed and timely paperwork and reports to management of time. Person Specification: A full working knowledge and understanding of VC technologies, network applications, communications, audio visual systems and system components is essential. A recognised VC installation, support accreditation / qualification, InfoComm CTS or equivalent combination of education would be preferable Experience in the technical support, testing, fault finding, servicing, maintenance, engineering or installation of electronic audio visual systems. Solid foundation in providing exceptional customer service and support in a fastpaced AV/VC environment. Understanding the technicalities of remote support technologies (VPN, Remote Desktop, etc.). Be competent to a high level of computer literacy. PLEASE ONLY APPLY IF YOU LIVE WITHIN A COMMUTABLE DISTANCE OF THIS LOCATION. Please note your CV will be reviewed against the vacancy criteria and we will contact you within one week if we wish to progress your application any further. Copperfield Recruitment Ltd are acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy and are an equal opportunities employer