Title: Security Commissioning Engineer
Webindex: 72406243
Company: Technical Resources Ltd
Description: Electronic Security Commissioning Engineer Salary ****  ****  company vehicle  fuel card  mobile  laptop  negotiable bonus. Ideal location: Gloucester, Bristol, Worcester My client is a nationwide specialist in the specification and installation of integrated electronic security systems predominantly to the commercial market. Due to a rapid growth in business they currently have several opportunities to join their successful team. Job Role To work under the direction of the Project Managers to install, commission, maintain and modify large integrated electronic security systems; primarily for CCTV, access control and alarm applications. There is a wide variety of equipment in use and a flexible approach will be needed with a constant emphasis on learning and development of your technical skill base. This is a responsible job that will involve a great deal of self directed field work and liaison with clients, external IT departments and suppliers at all levels. You will also be required to provide and manage technical support, documentation and training, on and off site, to clients and field engineers. This role also entails the management of engineers and subcontractors on site ensuring that health and safety requirements are met. The ideal candidate would have a practical knowledge of CCTV, DVRs, Access Control, Biometrics, networked IT systems, routers, switches and servers. The role is highly technical and a strong knowledge of TCP/IP and networking will be highly beneficial. Experience with onsite management of engineers and subcontractors will also be beneficial. The company are based in the Cheshire area and occasional travel to the office on a weekly basis will required as well as flexibility to travel nationwide as projects dictate. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a marketleading company. If you have the relevant experience and are interested please send an up to date CV and we will contact you with further details