Title: Process Engineer  Design
Webindex: 68806244
Company: Newman Stewart Ltd
Description: Our client is a leading provider of Bulk Materials Handling products and systems, a global leading player in their field they are recognised for the quality systems they provide to their clients. As a consequence of continued business growth they are seeking to recruit a Process Engineer Job Purpose: To produce and own a range of process designs required for specific projects, whilst verifying these designs against customer requirements. Key Accountabilities:  Work to achieve profit and revenue targets.  Work to achieve high levels of safety and quality that are efficient, utilise best practice and achieve mutual stakeholder benefit.  Ensure you fully understand all technologies and can implement them to the full benefit of the client.  Be responsible for but not limited to the following process designs:  Process flow diagrams;  Piping and Instrumentation Diagrams;  Functional Design Specification;  Logic Diagrams;  Equipment Technical Specifications;  Equipment List, Valve List, Instrument List;  Equipment Data Sheets;  Commissioning manual;  Training manual.  Provide technical assessment, evaluation and support to Supply Chain in discussions with potential equipment and system suppliers.  Attend customer meetings nationally and internationally to discuss requirements and the design process.  To actively participate in HAZOP studies where required.  To attend the Logic Control System FAT(s) as required, ensuring that the vendors system meets the intended process control requirements for the specific project.  To provide technical support to the Commissioning Engineers as required attending site as necessary.  To carry out customer training as required;  To project manage all process work on a weekly basis ensuring KPIS/ SLAS are being met and all costs are being recovered.  To assist with the maintenance and implementation of the Companys Process Engineering Standards. With ****  15 years post qualification experience you are a degree qualified engineer, seeking an opportunity with a business that is stable and growing. You will be technically challenged and ahev the opportunity to grow your career. This is an exceptional opportunity in an exceptional business.