Title: Forward Planning Engineers
Webindex: 71290758
Company: Jaguar Land Rover Ltd
Description: When the first new vehicle rolls off the line, it’s an unforgettable moment. It is the culmination of incredible moments all around the business, and our Manufacturing operations are crucial to that success. So will you be. Join our team and you’ll be at the pivotal point where stateoftheart technology and innovative lean processes combine to create exceptional new vehicles that drive our success all over the world. As a Forward Planning Engineer, you’ll be instrumental to the success of our Powertrain Manufacturing Engineering team. You’ll be accountable for defining, costing and developing processes and facilities/layouts in one of these four specialist areas: • Engine Assembly & Test • Machining, Tooling & Gauging • Plant Engineering • Project Control Operating at the concept stage of a programme, you’ll play a pivotal role in making sure Jaguar Land Rover makes the right strategic business decisions and plans. Leading or supporting the evaluation of new engine programme introductions  from completely new facilities, to the retooling of existing product  you’ll enjoy unrivalled scope to make an impact, on a truly global scale. You’ll enjoy a wide and challenging range of responsibilities. These might include the development of strategies and cost models, the management of programmes with a strong focus on cost and quality, and ensuring the feasibility of designs. Working closely with a range of supremely talented people, you’ll provide support, share expertise, and champion new ideas. Qualified to degree or equivalent in an appropriate discipline, you’ll bring to the role proven, relevant experience and knowledge in your chosen specialist field. Good project management skills, and familiarity with GPDS programme management disciplines, will be key to your success. A driven individual, you always deliver on your commitments, no matter what the challenges. Equally effective working solo and in a team, you’ll benefit from the opportunity to work alongside worldclass individuals at the peak of their profession. Naturally, we’ll expect you to demonstrate a flair for communicating at all levels, with a particular talent for making compelling presentations. You thrive in fastpaced, changing environments and you’re ready and able to travel. This is just the beginning of an extraordinary career. In return for your dedication, you’ll enjoy all the development opportunities you’d expect from a growing organisation with a rich heritage and a worldwide reputation for innovation and excellence. This is your chance to hone your skills at the leading edge. Wherever you want to go, Jaguar Land Rover is your ultimate destination. To discover more click apply below. Our employees have access to a privilege car purchase scheme, membership of a competitive pension plan, performance related bonus scheme and 26 days holiday entitlement. Please note, we reserve the right to close or extend this position depending on application numbers. Therefore we would urge candidates to submit an application as early as possible. Please read the information on our vacancies carefully as you are required to make one application only (multiple applications will be withdrawn). Jaguar Land Rover will review your application throughout the recruitment process and you will be considered for alternative roles at every stage of the process.