Title: Principal Engineer  Mechanical Design
Webindex: 68806198
Company: Michael Page Design
Description: Michael Page Design Development are working with this leading Manufacturer  Aerospace Components to find a Principal Engineer  Mechanical Design based in Cambridge. Role description An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Principal Engineer to support the Mechanical Design function. The successful candidate will be involved in meeting both project and statutory requirements with the goal to improve the effectiveness of the Mechanical Design function. The successful candidate will also provide technical expertise and guidance to projects and mentor junior engineers within the skill area. Key Responsibilities  Responsible for achieving assigned engineering objectives, solving technical problems and providing effective solutions, whilst ensuring timely delivery to both internal and external customers.  Effectively support the engineering manager as required, complementing the mechanical engineering team in supporting future projects and marketing opportunities.  Ensure engineering activity is carried out in accordance with Engineering procedures and to review and update engineering procedures regularly to ensure they remain up to date and compliant within the industry guidelines and aerospace requirements.  To plan and coordinate own workload as well as directing junior engineers when assigned within the design team. Provides assurance to project activities where required and assisting project leaders in delivering to the customer.  Provide constructive challenges and identifying key issues and providing guidance on the mitigations.  Mentor and coach junior engineers and to provide technical supervision and review in their skill area. Identify and implement training and development needs for more junior team members and be responsible for own development.  To build and maintain excellent internal and external customer relationships, working closely with the operations team, external supply chain and the end customer  Monitor/scrutinise work performed by the team to ensure that high technical standards are achieved within timescales and budget.  To provide leadership and motivation to a multidisciplinary team of engineers to meet the project objectives  Ensure adherence to company policies and procedures to ensure accreditation requirements are consistently met.  Be prepared to travel to support current and future products on customers sites globally Who we re looking for  Ability to lead and manage small size team and work packages  Technically competent to assess and manage technical risk in their area and honestly presenting the detail and the wider impact  Sound analytical and problem solving skills, applying practical and economic solutions to any problems encountered  Able to communicate succinctly and accurately on technical issues and schemes with internal and external customers and the team  Proactively able to manage own work and the work of others to in order to achieve objectives and uses own initiative and makes timely decisions within the scope of the role and is financially aware of the consequences of decisions  Understanding of materials, manufacturing process and practices, preferably with an Aerospace leaning.  Able to conduct and review Stress and Fatigue calculations  ****D CAD Competent; (CATIA V**** and/or Solidworks preferred).  Familiar with the manufacturing techniques for electronic packaging of avionic systems or similar critical systems.  Understanding of safety and certification requirements for aerospace systems or similar industry systems and understanding of Environmental aspects.  Familiar with mechanical aspects of Printed Circuit Board technologies and design techniques including the mechanical aspects of EMC/RFI design techniques.  Familiarity with system design practice including extensive experience wi About our client A leading Manufacturer  Aerospace Components, this role is based in Cambridge. What s on offer Basic salary up to ****  Package