Title: Senior Electrical Design Engineer
Webindex: 59110999
Company: Anglo Technical Recruitment
Description: Senior Electrical Design Engineer  Herts. An established successful building services design build contractor has due to continued growth an immediate vacancy for a senior level electrical design engineer to join their Hertfordshire office. This is a key position within the company intended to provide a high degree of technical expertise and design skills from initial concept through to project certification. You would become an essential member of the project team providing precontract support developing client brief's as assigned to them by the business or as sourced by their own means, presenting and justifying concept designs to clients and offering budget proposals. You would work closely with the Estimating department and Project Delivery divisions to provide firm pricing and ensure that concept design details are conveyed into the project at delivery stage. The position will require close liaison with the marketing department with the purpose of ensuring that any notable technical achievements and accreditations are used in a sensible and worthwhile manner. As a senior engineer your core responsibilities would include: Development of concept/scheme designs from drawings or site surveys Compilation of budget costs for project work involving close liaison with the estimating department Provide design information for estimating department to price sufficiently accurately as required by client brief. Assisting in the compilation of tender return documents with all necessary technical detail and commentary Presenting to client teams the concept design proposed Development from concept stage design through to implementation Managing any external design resource engaged to deliver detailed design work Close liaison with the Divisional Contracts Managers and their teams to ensure technical accuracy at delivery stage Overseeing any key site based operations that warrant a high level of technical expertise be present Working with the Divisional Contracts Managers to formulate robust commissioning, Integrated Systems Testing and certification plans Development of customer base working with existing and new clients Liaising with business principles to develop and manage a technical strategy that is complimentary to the business Ensuring that the company's Health, Safety Environmental policies and procedures are constantly adhered to in all aspects of Building Services Design. Be conversant with the company standards, associated guidance manuals and technical standards, regulations relevant to the design technical engineering needs of the Company. Liaising with the Marketing department for organising and attending marketing activities and events such as exhibitions, conferences etc. You should be qualified to at least HNC level with a demonstrable permanent UK background with either contractor or consultancy. In return they offer a salary of up to ****pa according to experience  car/car allowance  healthcare. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorElectricalDesignEngineer_job****