Title: Regional Planner
Webindex: 67957670
Company: Danny Sullivan Sons Ltd
Description: Responsible for management of the planning function on Projects, including the production of tender programmes, updating and monitoring of construction programmes. Management and supervision of Assistant Planners where used. Key Responsibilities Duties:  Evaluation of project tender documents in order to build detailed tender programmes specifying time and resource requirements.  Liaise with members of tender teams during the tender process as required and coordinate their input into planning matters.  Development of tender programmes into construction programmes and stage programmes.  Production of programmes throughout the duration of projects with regular updates and forecasts.  Coordination of input into the programme from the construction team and take the lead on programme development.  Review construction progress with input from the construction team, update programmes and produce reports as necessary.  Highlight areas of concern with regard to construction progress and review mitigation measures with the construction team.  Assist the Project Manager as directed with planning related matters.  Attend meetings as required with project teams and clients  Liaise with client s planners and project managers as required.  Attend site regularly to assist site teams with planning matters.  Collation of progress information production of progress reporting as required.  Ensure planning techniques across the company are adhered to.  Allocation of work to other / assistant planners.  Management and supervision of other planners.  Monitor requirements for planning resources including planners, computer hardware and software. General (All Staff)  Manage the performance of all staff assigned to you in accordance with legislation and company procedures.  Undertake any reasonable duties expected of you.  Attend and engage fully in any learning and development activities that are deemed appropriate by your line management.  Carry out all work in accordance with health and safety and any other legal requirements.  Participate in team/business meetings as necessary.  Participate and engage fully in company appraisal/performance review processes and constantly work to improve your individual, your team and the wider group s performance. This job description is not intended to be exclusive or exhaustive. It is an outline indication of the areas of activity and may be amended to reflect the changing needs of the organisation. Note: In addition to these functions personnel are required to carry out such other duties as may be reasonably required in order to support the objectives of the Group/Company/ Region/Division. **** QUALIFICATIONS / TRAINING Required Desirable HNC ( Construction related discipline ) Degree ( Construction related discipline ) Construction Skills Certification Scheme Card **** SKILLS / EXPERIENCE Required Desirable Proven Construction Industry Experience in relevant roles Knowledge of various Forms of Contract Demonstration of knowledge and practical application of planning and construction activities. Knowledge and use of Primavera planning software. Computer literate with a good working knowledge of Microsoft Office, including Microsoft Project **** SPECIFIC PROJECT / DEPARTMENT REQUIREMENTS (Qualifications / Training / Experience) Required Desirable Full Driving License 4. PERSONAL QUALITIES/ATTRIBUTES  Ability to work under own initiative to produce tender and construction programmes, updates and required reports to given deadlines.  Able to use own initiative to produce tender /construction programmes with best outcome / forecast to assist site teams and regional management.