Title: SAP PM / Plant Maintenance Lead Consultant
Webindex: 68544407
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction A fantastic opportunity for high calibre SAP PM / Plant Maintenance lead consultants to join a global consultancy who provide technologydriven business solutions to leading corporations all over the World. Extensive travel may be required. Important SAP PM / Plant Maintenance and Consulting experience The Job My client s global consulting team are seeking highly motivated SAP PM / Plant Maintenance consultants and lead consultants Candidates who have a strong academic background, are selfmotivated, thrive in a dynamic and rapidly growing environment, and looking for a change from the traditional quot;big quot; consulting organizations, will find a rewarding and innovative environment in which challenging and interesting work is the norm. Successful candidates will be based from either Birmingham or Reading office locations Key Requirements: Extensive SAP PM / SAP Plant Maintenance experience, **** 8 years as a minimum is required. Requirements analysis, configuration, testing, problem solving, user interface and overall support for the SAP PM module. Demonstrable capability in SAP PM processes, with hands on experience and aware of SAP best practices. Notable prior lead responsibilities will be required for Lead Consultant roles. Ability to provide business process and SAP expertise and guidance will be required at this level. Understanding of integration points between SAP PM and other SAP modules, including: FI/CO, MM / SRM / PS / SD Extensive consulting experience in mapping quot;asis quot; to quot;tobe quot; and able to perform gap analysis. Design and configuration support for SAP PM Modules Experience in component testing, integration testing and user acceptance testing. Experience in Utility processes and solution design in an integrated landscape is a strong preference Flexible to travel as required This is a highly urgent requirement and as such if you may be interested in this position it would be advisable to apply as soon as possible. Please contact Martyn Hurricks for further information To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK