Title: Electrician Instrumentation (Maintenance)
Webindex: 66893885
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Maintenance Electrician, Instrumentation, Pumps, Industrial equipment, Motors, Starters, Invertors) ELECTRICIAN INSTRUMENTATION Salary: ****  ****  company van  standby allowance  up to 10% annual bonus Location: Home based with daily travel to Bromsgrove and Worcestershire area Are you looking to develop and improve within a professional and successful FTSE 100 company? We are currently recruiting for an ELECTRICIAN INSTRUMENTATION to join the Maintenance department to maintain, repair, and calibrate electrical, mechanical and instrumentation plant to optimise both reliability and maintainability. The ELECTRICIAN INSTRUMENTATION is responsible for: Maintaining and repairing process control loops for pump control and chemical dosing. Carrying out the repair and maintenance of electrical motor drive systems and associated control systems including Inverter drives and basic motor starting. Fault diagnostics, repair and modification of programmable logic controllers and ladder logic. Maintaining, repairing and calibrating all types of instrumentation including pressure / temperature transducers, probes and multiple types of flow and depth technology. Must be willing to train as an electrical Senior Authorised Person, LV (SAP). The successful candidate will participate in a standby rota and will be able to work from home. (Requirement to wear Self Contained Breathing Apparatus) The ELECTRICIAN INSTRUMENTATION will have proven experience of: Essential Installing and maintaining instrumentation and electrical equipment. Working with industrial equipment (motors, starters, inventors etc.) Undertaking fault diagnostics and resolving issues in a timely manner. Working with process control style instrumentation and control technology. Working knowledge of basic electrical installation requirements and standards. Working knowledge of PLC control, ladder logic data paths and Scada type systems. Working with various IT systems. Please note, it is essential for applicants to have experience with maintaining electrical equipment and working with industrial equipment such as motors, starters, invertors etc. Applicants with a domestic / wiring electrical background only unfortunately will not be suitable. Qualifications: Essential BTEC, HNC, City Guilds or equivalent qualification in related subject area. A full valid UK Driving Licence.Desirable Time Served Apprenticeship Electrical / Instrumentation. 17th edition Electrical Regulations. Electrical Inspection and Testing About Our Client Severn Trent Water serves over eight million customers across the heart of the UK, stretching from the Bristol Channel to the Humber and from midWales to the East Midlands. As a FTSE 100 company, they can offer a wide range of career opportunities and attractive benefits. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us