Title: Embedded Software Engineer (C/C++ Misra)
Webindex: 69932773
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: A Staffordshire based organisation is looking to bring on a new embedded software engineer to join their small but talented design and development team working on existing and new products. The company has diversified their product and it has become a huge success, boosting overall company performance. The Role The successful Embedded Software Engineer will report directly to the Engineering Manager, who oversees the design and development team. This role is critical to the business and will require someone who can get up to speed very quickly. There will be some occasional travel to client sites UK wide and internationally. You You ll be responsible for the full lifecycle development capturing initial requirements and implementing them in to work software systems. As the organisation is an SME, you ll be required to get involved in all aspects of the software cycle from concept to testing. Technical Skills: Embedded C/C++ programming 816 bit Microcontrollers/Microprocessors Safety Critical Standards  Misra C The role of Embedded Software Engineer offers a great deal of diversity working for a fast growing business in the medical and military industry. As the business develops, there will be opportunities for career progression as the business will require more experienced engineers. As a multinational organisation, there is strong stability in this position and a good platform to kick on with your career. If you are interested in the position, looking to further develop you career in embedded software please forward your CV or call Jack on (Apply online only). Interviews will be taking place throughout January, so please apply as soon as possible If this embedded software engineer role isn t of interest to yourself, but you know of someone who could be, JAM operates a referral scheme. You can earn yourself **** in vouchers for the successful placement of a candidate you give us. JAM is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position View our latest jobs today at (url removed) and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position