Title: Junior Developer  Horsham
Webindex: 69932856
Company: Orange Recruitment
Description: Junior Developer (**** Positions) Company Description: Online business intelligence for mobile phone network operators Start Date: As soon as Possible Duration: Permanent Location: Horsham, West Sussex Job Description: JUNIOR DEVELOPER Our client is offering opportunities for suitably qualified and motivated computer programmers. The junior developers will work alongside expert programmers to maintain and expand different commercial products used by key customers. Reporting to respective Product Development Directors, the roles have a mix of responsibilities around helping to build the next generation of the software, supporting group developer developments and various product maintenance activities. Interpreting business requirements and technical specification documents to assist in the design, coding, and testing of the company s telecom Business Intelligence software suite Configuring, testing, monitoring and maintaining the company s computer systems and applications Working as an integrated programmer alongside seasoned experts within a small, growing company with a friendly atmosphere Our client is an exciting, growing technology business which delivers latest technology software solutions to some of the largest mobile phone operators in the world. The successful interns will work with stateoftheart software solutions and learn by working alongside an exceptional team. Ideal requirements: Fluent written Studying or completed a relevant degree (IT, telecoms, electronic engineering) .NET/C Application development using Visual Studio **** Skills in any of asp.net, C++, JAVA RDBMS, ideally SQL Server Very good written/verbal communication and problem solving skills Flexible, open minded, hard working and enthusiastic Genuinely enjoy a challenge, love problem solving and the technology/progression Intense desire to write code Team player Good communication and interpersonal skills Applicant should already have legal right to work in UK Desirable attributes: Any database experience Knowledge of any Geographic Information System Previous experience will be an advantage though not essential An interest or knowledge of telecoms, mobile networks Development of any software applications for any smartphones. Company activity: Our client is a leader in geospatial intelligence tools that help mobile operators answer key questions about their business. They have been responsible for a number of firsttomarket products and their technology is now in use by some of the UK s biggest companies, including Vodafone, Orange and O2. Their focus is to meet the expanding needs of wireless network operators to improve the commercial performance of their organisations. Their software is used by a multitude of teams within a network operator: from customer support through marketing to operations and strategy. Metricell management and engineers have many years of experience working within leading operators and manufacturers such as Orange, O2, MTN, TMobile, Ericsson and Siemens. Metricell delivers cuttingedge software solutions to mobile network operators and their Tier **** vendors. Our client s Livetime platform enables them to offer a range of tools with one common characteristic: the ability to capitalise on geospatial intelligence to support decisionmaking across the entire network. Their solutions deliver unique value to their customers across areas of; o Network Management o Infrastructure sharing and merger o Radio Access Network expansions o Competitive benchmarking o Business Intelligence o Customer Experience Management Location: Central Horsham, West Sussex. Salary: **** to **** depending on experience