Title: Safety and Reliability Engineers
Webindex: 68995347
Description: Safety and Reliability Engineers Are you looking to join a worldleading organisation in the defence sector, that will challenge and develop your technical capabilities, and offer you the chance to work in developing, cuttingedge technologies? Our client is a leading multinational Defence systems provider which boasts some of most advanced facilities in their areas of expertise. At present the company employs well in excess of **** staff worldwide and continues to grow in parallel with the demand for their highly regarded services. We currently have opportunities for Safety Engineers, Reliability Engineers (or candidates that can provide a mixture of the two areas of expertise), available in Hertfordshire or the South West. You will be involved in the production of Weapon/Missile System Safety Cases and associated safety analyses. Responsibilities will include: Generation of reliability programme plans and agreement with the project and the customer, in line with business processes and DEF STAN **** as applicable. Responsible for the generation, promotion and realisation of the stated plan on a given project. Conduct a series of system and subsystem reliability activities in support of this plan across all lifecycle phases including, but not limited to: • Production of FMECAs; • Preparation of reliability and maintainability predictions • Creation and management of critical items lists, Safety Cases providing safety arguments, ALARP statements and Hazard Logs; • Reliability growth and demonstration test planning, including analysis of the results • Provide support to internal and external project Reliability/Safety Panels, Committees and Working Groups • Working with project systems teams and reliability/safety focal points, assist in the management and integration of these activities with system engineering and design programs to ensure the timely delivery of material supporting the reliability/safety case • Liaison with other project systems teams, in order to derive and agree reliability/safety requirements. • Hazard Identification exercises (SWIFT and HAZOP); • Hazard management and risk analysis, including Fault Tree and Event Tree analysis; Suitable candidates will have: • Demonstrable knowledge of the application of UK and International Reliability/Safety assessment processes (exposure in the Defence sector is strongly preferred) • Strong background in the production of FMECA s and reliability predictions, analysis of test and inservice reliability data, and the production of reliability cases. • Background in Systems Engineering. Detail engineering competency (design, software, manufacturing, etc) is desirable. Skilled in Safety/Reliability Engineering. • Ability to work as part of a multidisciplinary / multinational team. • Effective written and verbal communication skills with ability to adapt message content depending on audience or stakeholder set. • Ability to discern the key technical, commercial, and programme influences • Ability to manage and communicate cost, schedule adherence, and technical performance tradeoffs. Please Note: Due to the nature of work undertaken at our client s site, incumbents of these positions are required to meet special nationality rules and therefore these vacancies are only open to sole British Citizens. Applicants who meet this criteria will also be required to undergo security clearance vetting, if not already security cleared to a minimum SC level. Flexibility for some travel (both UK and internationally) will be required within the role. If you are a good match then please apply with a CV to learn more about this truly fantastic opportunity to work for a market leader who has an enviable reputation. Key Words: Reliability, Safety, FMECA, Hazard, SWIFT, HAZOP, ALARP, Systems Engineer, DEF STAN, Defence Standards, Military, Weapon, Missile, Defence Electus Recruitment Solutions provides specialist engineering and technical recruitment solutions to a number of high technology industries. We thank you for your interest in this vacancy. If you don t hear from us within **** working days please presume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. You are of course free to resubmit your CV/details in the future and we shall assess your suitability at that time. Services advertised by Electus Recruitment Solutions are those of an Agency (perm). These roles are permanent positionsElectus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.