Title: Technical Engineer (Brewing and Process)
Webindex: 71098054
Company: London4Jobs
Description: My client is looking for a Technical Engineer, ideally with experience of the brewing industry and a thorough knowledge of brewing processes. Key responsibilities of this position will include: Planning:  Populate the Planned Maintenance System (SAP PM). Play an active role in the planning and distribution of the PM/CM tasks to the Shift Engineers/Shift Managers and prioritise tasks to suit production requirements.  Identify and plan projects including the production of outline justifications, CAPEX approval requests and the associated business case support documentation. Manage projects in association with the Project Team. Systems:  Produce engineering SOP's/SOM's, for the Planned Maintenance System, in conjunction with the Shift Engineers. Operations:  Actively take ownership for problem solving, process optimisation and continuous improvement activities  have knowledge of, and actively use, the site Lean principles (e.g. PDCA, problem solving techniques, ****S, **** why? etc).  Plan, facilitate and drive CI activities along with relevant teams (e.g. Project Team, Technical Brewers, Shift Team Members, and External Suppliers). Eliminate problem root cause and define best practice and procedures.  Ensure productivity from each shift is optimised  Ensure that plant downtime is kept to a minimum, and communicate the figures and trends within the department.  Provide technical and 'handson' support/assistance to the Shift Engineers as required, including technical support/assistance for outofhours issues. Development:  Carry out training as part of individual 'Personal Development Plan', and in association with the 'Employee Development Framework'.  Play a key role in the development of team member's skills and instill best practice  develop and deliver coaching and training for Shift Team Members. Safety, Health Environment:  Drive initiatives for health and safety environmental improvements  including 'Control of Contractors'.  Be fully conversant with the CUK Permit to Work system and issue/accept permits accordingly for internal and external working groups.  Improve and maintain satisfactory hygiene and housekeeping standards. Applicants should possess the following:  General Certificate in Brewing Packaging or working towards the qualification  IT literacy (QC/SPC, Word, Excel, PowerPoint)  Knowledge of SAP PM  Experience of working in a production environment  Have knowledge of the relevant Health, Safety Environmental considerations  Understanding of 'right first time' principles  Mechanical/Electrical Engineering City Guilds Qualification/NVQ Level 3 (or higher)  dual skilled preferable To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.