Title: Brake Lead Engineer
Webindex: 72677654
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction A leading global manufacturer of Rolling Stock vehicles is currently looking for a Lead Brake Engineer Important Degree Qualified or Chartered Status The Job The candidate will be an established authority in Rail Brake Systems and also have a proven track record in the discipline of complex System Integration. Knowledge and awareness of other systems is desirable. Responsibilities stretch throughout the product lifecycle from product development, test, through production, inservice support and finally decommission. The Brake System includes the sub systems of friction brake, air supply and control unit. Responsibilities include brake blending with regenerative braking systems and integration with the traction system. The role encompasses the technical disciplines of mechanical systems, electrical systems and functional integration. The Brake System interfaces with the train control management system, and a working knowledge of the end to end functionality and overall system is essential. An excellent knowledge of systems engineering and development, processes, methods and tools is essential. A good knowledge of product development processes and best practices is also highly desirable. You will be an excellent negotiator and be experienced in technical supplier management and be able to demonstrate a proven track record in delivery. The Brake lead engineer will lead customer and supplier liaison, and strong communication skills are essential. You will develop the long term vision and roadmap for future Brake systems and their integration into the vehicle. The Brake Lead Engineer will be accountable to develop and deliver solutions and innovations which deliver a competitive advantage. You will be commercially aware and be capable of delivering cost optimal solutions and be capable of providing cost and schedule estimates on complex engineering programs. Behavioural competencies required include strong energy and drive, ability to lead, and be part of a team, excellent negotiating and excellent written and verbal communication skills. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK