Title: Electronics Design Engineer  POOLE, Dorset
Webindex: 72442236
Company: Additional Resources Ltd
Description: Electronics Design Engineer  POOLE, Dorset  Salary ****  ****k DOE Company Description: Our client is a global leader in the development and supply of radiation detection equipment and integrated nucleonic systems with 36 years of experience in catering to the high technology needs of Defence, Nuclear, Medical and Industrial customers all over the world. Their services include: Consultation on design, Provision of complete systems, Installation, commissioning and post operative service support. Providing a wide range of instrumentation both 'off the shelf' and bespoke Their areas of expertise: Extensive technical knowledge and experience, Strict quality management system (ISO 900****:**** and NQA1 compliant), Reliable customer service and Custom solutions Our client has a dedicated team of experienced engineers offering tailored service, calibration and repair facilities. All of the service engineers have extensive experience in working in the nuclear industry encompassing major nuclear sites both in UK (ministry, commercial and medical) and internationally. They are all Classified workers , RPS trained and hold CCNSG safety passports. The primary function of the engineering department is to ensure that all products designed, developed or manufactured for the company meet the required specification laid down by the customer and agreed by the Company. Who should apply for the Electronics Design Engineer position? A person who has leadership skills, is initiative and demonstrates enthusiasm with the work they do. If this is you, you need to be reliable and have a positive attitude towards work and working as part of a team. It is absolutely essential that you have effective communication skills, are commercially aware and meet the below criteria. Essential skills, Knowledge and experience that you need to be able to demonstrate in your CV are: Contribute to new product idea generation, research and development Develop systems using new or existing products within cost and time constraints Liaison with Mechanical Design Engineers on manufacturing production producing drawings, schematic diagrams, circuit descriptions, block diagrams, schedules, parts lists and documents to enable the purchase, manufacture, assembly, and produce test plans of new or existing products or systems Liase with other departments within the company as appropriate Provide technical support for the service department and or customers on products, systems or services Proven ability of high standard of reporting, evaluation and analysis Proven experience of following quality systems for Design, Document, and Change control Ability to project manage or lead individual projects As a member of the department you will be expected to keep abreast of the latest developments within your sphere of knowledge. A degree of selfmotivation for your own personal development is required. You will also be expected to advise the EDES of any training courses available which may assist you in effectively carrying out your duties. Membership of relevant professional organisations is encouraged. To apply you must: Quote reference and send an email with a covering letter stating why you are interested in the job with your salary expectation, include your CV, and the names of two referees. You must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Additional Resources are an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies Employment Businesses Regulations **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectronicsDesignEngineerPOOLEDorset_job****