Title: Field Service Engineer (Steam Boilers)
Webindex: 69989431
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Field Service Engineer (Steam Boilers) London, M25 Corridor Do you have experience of maintaining or servicing industrial boiler systems? Are you looking to join a forward thinking and innovative company that's offers manufacturer training and the opportunity to technically progress. This 50 million pound engineering group have a dedicated service engineering division providing support on large gas powered products used in manufacturing, hospitals and much more. With current and future plans to manufacture new innovative products to the industry this is a great time to join the business. With long term plans in place there are keen to regularly train there engineers to keep them ahead of the game on both existing and new products. This position would ideally suit an engineer with experience of servicing or maintaining industrial boilers looking to technically develop and join an exciting, stable and forward thinking business. The Role  Covering a South East patch, focused on areas within the M25.  Training including **** month formal induction.  Paid from door to door, from minute leave house to minute return plus Overtime, Avg Ear ****k, Company Car  Electrical and mechanical work (training given in areas if technically weaker). The Person  A formal industrial gas qualification (ACS or equivalent)  Experience of industrial steam boilers  Electrical Bias  Live within M25 OR **** miles outside of the M25 If you are interested in this position, please send your CV to matthew.harrisrisetechnical.co.uk boilers, service engineer, gas, combustion, boiler, electrical, mechanical, service, repair, maintenance, steam, engineer, technician, acs, industrial, water, maintenance, water, heating, The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from engineering candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldServiceEngineerSteamBoilers_job****