Title: Shift Maintenance Engineer
Webindex: 68098661
Company: RHL.
Description: Job Description My client designs and manufactures a range of medical devices and disposables which are used by healthcare professionals and consumers worldwide, they now have an opening for a Maintenance Engineer. Important Maintenance experience The Job This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced Maintenance Engineer to join a large Medical Device Manufacturing company on a Permanent basis. The Shift Maintenance Engineer will ensure the delivery the business needs by performing effective troubleshooting and planned preventative maintenance routines to prolong the useful life and optimise the efficiency of production equipment throughout the company. Supporting production activities at all times be ensuring minimum response times to equipment breakdown, and ensure maintenance cover for production areas is provided at all times by demonstrating flexibility on shift patterns and working overtime as required. Main Duties Responsibilities:  To carry out repairs on machinery in all areas of the site as expediently as possible and to liase with production personnel to minimise downtime.  To ensure that planned preventative maintenance is carried out correctly in a timely manner.  To ensure that all repair and maintenance documentation is maintained with full compliance with all regulatory guide lines and company Standard Operating Procedures at all times.  To work with Process Improvement Engineers to ensure that corrective actions are put in place to avoid repeated maintenance issues and to assist in the continuous development of production processes and plant.  Ensure compliance to all aspects of the Company's Health, Safety and Environmental procedures.  To personally identify (and encourage other associates to do so) areas for improvements to our processes, products and compliance.  Undertake specific training as required and to identify and help implement training of other associates as required.  Provide support to the Facilities Maintenance Engineer to ensure that critical utility supply is maintained at all times.  Perform with other associates effective shift handovers at the start and end of each shift.  Active participation in, facilitation of, Team effectiveness. Taking actions that demonstrate consideration for the feelings and needs of others, being aware of the effect one one's behaviour on others.  Participate if required in engineering activities scheduled during plant shutdowns e.g., Christmas / public holidays.  Ensuring housekeeping and cleanliness standards are met at all times.  To be responsible for the creation and maintenance of spare parts stock levels.  To be responsible for the security and maintenance of tools and equipment issued to the Maintenance team. Knowledge Experience Required:  Proven experience in a maintenance role in a manufacturing environment that includes moulding and assembly machinery.  Strong skills in mechanical and electrical fault finding and repair.  Working knowledge of current safety regulations and legislation.  Relevant working knowledge in a regulated industry and GMP.  Ability to demonstrate theoretical knowledge with practical application.  Ability to make decisions under pressure.  Must have practical problem solving and communication skills are essential.  Make decisions to maximise plant output and efficiency and balance those decisions with GMP, safety, product quality and cost issues. Qualification Required:  NVQ level 3 in related topic.  ONC/HNC qualified in electrical or mechanical engineering.  Recognised multiskilled engineering apprenticeship. Days OR Night shifts available on 4 on 4 off for this position which are paid at a competitive salary with Shift Premiums. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ShiftMaintenanceEngineer_job****