Title: Maintenance / Production Supervisor
Webindex: 72634823
Company: Asset Appointments
Description: We are looking to appoint 4 Manufacturing Supervisors/ Managers/ Team Leaders from a high speed production / light engineering environment. Offered on a **** year FT Contract with a likely extension. Responsibilities will include: Ensure a safe and efficient work place is maintained at all times. Ensure production figures are met Achieve the required company quality standards. Focus on quality, cost, delivery, and improvement. Undertaking performance management responsibility for team members. Application of policies and procedures on discipline, grievance, timekeeping, attendance Ensure health and safety practices are employed and sustained. Reporting and acting upon plant or machinery breakdowns to maintenance engineers. Ensuring all reports and administration tasks are up to date and accurate. Identify and supporting the team training needs. Exceed Company targets in productivity, efficiency and quality on a continuous basis. Lead and motivate the team to create a high performance culture. Develop /Implement a 5S Culture ensuring standards are sustained and improved upon. Ensure safe working practices are maintained and Standard Operations adhered to. Embrace and promote Total Productive Maintenance procedures. Be a catalyst for improvement suggestions and a driver of cost saving measures. Package Details: This role is offered on an attractive continental shift as follows: Salary in excess of **** plus shift allowances Contributory pension , 15 days additional holiday (as there are holidays worked into the shift pattern, Overtime at standard shift premium rate Requirements: You will be experienced in a similar role within a fast moving manufacturing / production or light engineering environment. Experience in managing a multi disciplined team Ability to lead, motivate, objective set and direct others Performance management skills/experience Exposure to lean principles and their application Committed to health and safety Time served in a manufacturing discipline Supervisory management and business improvement qualifications