Title: Planner x **** RC frame and fitout
Webindex: 72662532
Company: Argee Recruit
Description: Planner x 2 with large multistorey RC and fit out experience required for a Principal Contractor. Experience gained in large multistorey Residential projects in the London market is preferable, whilst experience in build and fit out in Commercial or Hotel developments may prove suitable. Projects include : Docklands  Residential development consisting of deep basement car parking with above ground linked towers, rising to some 25 floors. A mixture of Social and Private accommodation, construction has started. City  Residential **** floors with complicated triple basement. Ealing  Hotel and Residential. Canary Wharf  **** floors with penthouse suites. Planner. Relevant experience in Residential high rise Build and Fit out, working on substantial projects for a Developer or Contractor is needed. Expertise from the completed frame to final hand over is of greater importance than knowledge of frame type construction. You must be used to working in the London market. Planner. Permanent position with an established contractor. The Contractor mainly works inside the M25 so future projects will usually fall within this area. Practical experience on site prior to pursuing the Planning career route would be an advantage as you will be familiar with the Construction issues in the field. Formal qualifications are not essential, though a good working knowledge of Planning programmes will be an asset. You will probably have at least **** 10 years of Construction related experience to be able to fulfill this position Communication skills must be strong in both oral and written expression. Your role will involve working closely with both the Commercial and Technical sides, as well as liaising with the Site Team. Planner. Your Responsibilities include: Translating detailed information from contract documents into Construction programmes Formulating shortterm and temporary works programmes Ensuring that programmes and revised programmes are distributed to all relevant parties including project team and subcontractors Coordinating and managing information within the project, including design and technical information. Forecasting and reporting variations from the agreed construction programme and cost plan Liaison with Project Management and the Commercial side Reviewing Tender Programmes Assisting with Technical Submissions. Formulating Contract Programmes. Salary and Package . ****k. The overall Package is negotiable dependant on your proven experience and ability, with a degree of flexibility. Applications will only be considered from those legally entitled to live and work in the UK who can provide proof of their eligibility; 2 recent employment references will be needed.