Title: Principal Engineer (Bridges)
Webindex: 68700891
Company: Forces Recruitment Services
Description: Job title: Principal Engineer, Bridges Location: Birmingham Salary: Up to **** dep on exp  benefits Job type: Permanent A global leader in engineering and design consultancy has a requirement for a Principal Engineer to join its Bridges and Civil Structures team. The company's Infrastructure Team focuses on the provision of engineering services, primarily to the public sector, comprising specialist disciplines dedicated to Infrastructure and Utilities including Highways Design and Supervision, Highway Operation and Maintenance, Bridges and Civil Structures, Rail, Technology and Water. JOB SUMMARY The company is seeking to strengthen its Bridges and Civil Structures team, focusing on: Bridge design, both in the UK and overseas; Bridge management; Bridge strengthening and repair; Bridge inspections and assessments; General civil and structural engineering support to other teams. The Bridges team is busy with highway and rail bridge engineering work for a variety of clients, including local authorities, contractors, private developers and public sector clients. Current work includes bridge inspection and assessment, feasibility studies, and design. RESPONSIBILITES Core Functions: An enthusiastic, dedicated candidate will be expected to join the small team of engineers and technicians, working alongside existing colleagues. The chief requirements are the ability to work independently to produce high quality solutions for bridge projects, and to be able to apply engineering knowledge and principles to devise innovative solutions to unique design problems. You will be required to work closely with colleagues at a senior level and will need well developed interpersonal skills. You will need to understand the services that the company can offer, and proactively integrate these for best client delivery. You will be required to develop / maintain excellent client relationships ensuring repeat business, added value, and client satisfaction. You will also be responsible for the preparation of bids and scheme cost estimates. You will be expected to adopt the company's Safety, Quality and Environmental agenda, together with the development of technical excellence, through training, mentoring, project reviews and knowledge sharing. You will be involved in the project management and technical delivery of schemes from inception through to handover of the completed scheme to the client. This project input is likely to include: Preparation of documents, reports and health and safety risk assessments; Scheme feasibility studies; Preparation of scheme designs and drawings; Preparation of outline cost estimates; Checking drawings and supervision of CAD technicians; Interfacing with multidisciplinary project teams; Value engineering and value management; Ensuring that quality procedures are implemented and maintained; Project, programme and financial management; Client liaison and reporting. The position is predominantly office based but some travel may be required occasionally for site visits, inspections, or to attend meetings. REQUIREMENTS Training and Work Experience: It is anticipated that you will be a Chartered Civil or Structural Engineer with several years' post professional qualification experience. It is expected that this experience will include the following: Practical knowledge and experience of bridge design, maintenance and assessment, gained from working on both construction sites and the design office; Practical knowledge and experience of project management of bridge projects; Proven knowledge in design, maintenance and supervision of structures related projects together with a track record of innovation in design and management of structures. Ideally this should include new build, maintenance, assessment and strengthening of bridges and civil structures infrastructure; Proven working knowledge of the Design Manual for Roads and Bridges (DMRB) and Manual of Contract Documents for Highway Works (MCDHW) in relation to structural schemes; Understanding and experience of use of Eurocodes and their application to bridge design; Experience of AASHTO code and design; Experience of design in or assessment of steel, reinforced and prestressed concrete bridge structures; Experience of grillage, space frame and finite element analysis software packages Good communication, client handling and interpersonal skills are essential, plus a willingness to adapt to new challenges and to actively participate in the development of the bridges team. Interested applicants will be expected to complete and return by email a simple questionnaire to which CVs must be pasted. This role would ideally suit someone with an Armed Forces background. Applications from exmilitary candidates are strongly encouraged. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PrincipalEngineerBridges_job****