Title: Service Manager / After Sales Supervisor
Webindex: 71227189
Company: Candidate Source Ltd
Description: The Role As an experienced Service Manager within the Plant Machinery sector you will be responsible for: ? Being at the forefront of all after sales, service activity ? Taking phone calls and dispatching mobile engineers to break downs ? Attending and fixing breakdowns if required ? Managing the administration, aftersales and field based engineering staff ? Attending client site visits, liaising with key customers on all major issues to ensure they are satisfied with the level of service they are receiving ? Building strong relationships with manufacturers and suppliers ? Managing the recharge and warranty process and maximise every commercial opportunity ? Developing new sales leads and support existing customers ? Improving the department?s sales and growth ? Introducing continuous improvement methodologies throughout the division The Person The ideal candidate will have previous experience as a Service Manager, Team Supervisor, Engineering Manager or After Sales Manager. Having a background within the Plant Machinery sector, you will possess the following skills: ? Technical experience within the Plant industry, Heavy Plant, Trucks, Generators, Industrial, and Agriculture ? Experience in managing a Technical Service Department ? Excellent communication and organisational skills ? Extensive knowledge of the Plant industry twinned with managerial skills ? Ability to work under pressure to set deadlines and prioritise tasks ? Excellent attention to detail and the drive to consistently achieve results ? A confident and flexible attitude ? Hold a valid UK driving licence The Company A market leading company, specialising in supplying, selling and servicing equipment and parts for a variety of markets that include the Heavy Vehicles, Heavy Automotive, Plant Hire, Lorry & Truck and Agriculture. They are dedicated to providing optimum levels of aftermarket and product support to all of their customers for new equipment and parts. This role offers an excellent career opportunity for someone to grow and develop the After Sales Division. The Package: ? Salary of **** to **** Depending on experience ? Pension scheme once eligible ? Healthcare benefits ? Generous holiday entitlement ? Free Parking ? Various other benefits ? Company Vehicle The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website.