Title: Project Technical Lead
Webindex: 66762091
Company: Outsource UK
Description: Project Technical Lead Job Type: Permanent Location: Essex Salary: Up to **** per annum Role: Leading designer, developer and manufacturer of specialised components and subsystems. These products enable some of the world's leading OEMs to deliver innovative systems for medical and science, aerospace and defence, and industrial and commercial applications. The Imaging project delivery group undertakes projects to supply imaging technology into high performance low volume applications. This Project Technical Lead will work directly in the Technical Authority Team in partnership with the wider project team to provide support and expertise on the various activities of a CCD and CMOS design, development and manufacturing project. The Project Technical Lead will focus on learning within the role whilst carrying out engineering tasks, technical authority activity and solving hands on technical problems. The Project Technical Lead will have internal and external customer liaison responsibilities supported by the Technical Authorities within the Imaging business. As part of a structured Technical Authority Development Programme the Project Technical Lead role aims to build on the individual's current experience to further progress on the technical career path. This role will report into the Product Technical Authority and work in partnership on projects with the Project Engineering Team and Project Managers. Successfully complete the Technical Authority Development Programme Product verification To ensure that the requirements of the Project and the 'Customer' (internal or external) as defined by: Specification Statement of Work Project PA plan or Company QA procedures are met and that this can be/has been demonstrated Technical Assessment Review project specifications and advise on feasibility of proposal Product Control To ensure that the appropriate equipment, processes and documentation (the Product Build State) exists for the correct manufacturing of the Product. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK If you would like to be considered for the role, please do not hesitate to contact me. We grow our business by referrals  do you know anyone I could help today? Please visit our website.