Title: Project Engineer/Manager Jobs In Scotland
Webindex: 68852555
Company: CCN Recruitment
Description: Key Duties and Responsibilities Customer Interface Inputs Customer Satisfaction; Maintain regular feedback from customer through deployment of FPAL process during project and address any adverse comments or performance issues through management team. Customer Project reviews; organise and facilitate customer reviews during project life cycle. Maintain regular project updates to the customer using format and frequency as outlined in customer order, these will include supporting docs such as project schedules or work order trackers. Customer Escalations; ensure customer escalations are identified within the business escalation process and managed in the appropriate timely fashion with a comprehensive response to the customer. Reconcile quotation to engineering master identifying variances to Sales. Order Variations; outline and prepare customer for order variations before managing the formal submission through Sales. Through the formal VO route were possible manage and mitigate the commercial exposure on contracts with LD clauses. Project Financials: Identify root cause of monthly commit failures. Identify at a weekly review all project WIP anomalies on Visual and any inventory issues, identifying causes and action for rectification. Ensure all costs or residual inventory is booked to the order before order closure. Report weekly the projected gross margins by project in the current month and were required the reasons for cost deltas between quote, master estimate and actual. Attend weekly cash flow review and were necessary escalate within customer organisation issues unresolved by finance collection. Pre Production Plans and Deliverables: Attend pre order specification review. Attend the contract review and ensure handover to Projects from Sales is accompanied with agreed plan completion dates for key deliverables at the contract review. Manage pre production deliverables to meet start date through weekly review with process owners and report to management the performance against planned key deliverables at the Pre production stage of the project. Maintain the Project Action Register as a timelined diary of key project events and actions. Production Stage: Attend daily production meeting, addressing constraints or if necessary escalating constraints which are adversely impacting plan start and consequential delivery date. Ensure all engineering concessions are managed, pro actively progressing customer for a timely response. Expedite interdiv supplies from PIF and PIB and any key sub contractor. Release appropriate engineering drawings to accompany the JIS release to Production. Manage 'NOIs' notification to 3rd party inspectors as per stages on ITP. Attend a regular review on quarantine items agreeing action and disposition, escalating non compliance of this process. System Inputs: Ensure customer requirements dates are accurate and updated as required. Produce the engineering master and sequential job instruction sheet/works order, releasing these in line with the plan start dates. Ensure all work orders are linked to the appropriate customer order and purchase orders have been linked to the work order, thereby capturing all costs to the job and customer order. Logistics: Raise despatch authorisation form to approve despatch and recognition of sale. At this stage perform final check that all costs have been appropriately attached to the Works Order (FT). Arrange packing and shipping of order, were necessary pre arranging packing container and agree transportation and cost. Performance Measures: Customer Satisfaction Compliance to Plan Start Date ( days late) Compliance to Customer Required Date ( days late) Capturing of all cost to Project