Title: B1 Maintenance Supervisor Rotory Sligo
Webindex: 71315716
Company: CPL Newry & Belfast
Description: B**** LICENSED ENGINEERING OPPORTUNITIES IRELAND MAINTENANCE SUPERVISOR  HELICOPTERS  SLIGO Give Your Career a Vertical Lift At any given moment, on any given day, a CHC aircraft is in the air somewhere in the world. Whether we're transporting the men and women who keep the world's offshore oil and gas flowing, or taking an injured patient to safety, CHC sets the standard for safety, customer service, modern aircraft and efficiency. This is a billiondollar business built on the foundation of a strong team spirit in our company and our greatest strength is our motivated and passionate employees. All you have to do is get on board. CHC in Ireland currently have permanent vacancies for B**** Licensed MAINTENANCE SUPERVISORS to be based within their Engineering Department in LIGO. This role will be require the individual to visit other CHC sites throughout Ireland, notably Dublin and Waterford. The ability to be flexible on working location is a prerequisite for this role. DUTIES AND RESPONSABILITIES OF MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL Engineering Supervisor: The Engineering Supervisor is responsible to the Part 145 Maintenance Manager for the requirements of EASA Part 145 through; Responsible for ensuring airworthiness of aircraft by effective control of maintenance and inspection functions. Manage and coordinate all staff delegated to him/her to ensure completion of all maintenance activities, planning or any projects within the required time constraints, including all stores functions. Responsible for all necessary administration in support of aircraft maintenance activities. Ensuring serviceability of, and quality control of, aircraft equipment, lifting equipment, tools and test equipment, associated ground service equipment and documentation located in all areas under his/her control. Ensuring the highest standard of workmanship are maintained and that all inspections (insurance or otherwise) are completed on time. Ensuring compliance with relevant Health and Safety legislation, and the observances of all technical and legal requirements as well as the safety standard and practices of engineering activities within the areas and functions for which he/she is responsible. Supervise any building or plant maintenance. Deputise for the Maintenance manager when required. Cleanliness and tidiness of all working areas under his/her control whilst observing that the requirements for the maintenance facility are met in accordance with company procedures. Identify to the Maintenance Manager inefficient use of materials or human resources. Conducting the duties of Engineering Supervisor at another base if required. Make recommendations for training which would improve efficiency. Liaise with the Operations department to ensure that all operational requirements are understood and met. The administration of the base Stores iaw the MMOE procedures. Respond to any audit nonconformance within the agreed timescale. Development of the local roster and use of leave to ensure optimum availability of all staff, including himself to suit the needs of the operation. MANAGEMENT DUTIES AND RESPONSABILITIES OF MANAGEMENT PERSONNELL Ensuring that all maintenance tasks are carried out and where not completed or where it is evident that a particular task cannot be carried out to the maintenance data, such problems shall be reported the Quality manager for appropriate action. In addition for those Engineering Supervisors who also carry out maintenance tasks, such tasks should not be undertaken when incompatible with their management responsibilities. i.e., If the engineering supervisors are regularly called upon to perform maintenance tasks in addition to their supervisory duties, this may result in constantly being involved in maintenance activities and could result in their supervisory responsibilities being neglected or overlooked. If this situation arises the Engineering supervisor should contact both the Maintenance manager and the Quality manager for appropriate action. Application; Please visit CHC's web site www.chc.ca and visit the career section and upload your CV. If you would like to initially discuss opportunties with CHC in Ireland, please contact kevin Curran on **** **** **** **** **** ****