Title: Scheduling Planner
Webindex: 69558888
Company: Candidate Source
Description: Role To prepare and organise all necessary materials, tools, equipment, documentation, plant access and resource requirements to support the effective and efficient delivery of work. . Responsibilities To confirm work scope, work boundaries, work requirements, adequacy of proposed safety controls and overall workability of procedures. Preparing an appropriate risk assessment to cover the agreed work scope. Develop and maintain standard instructions for routine maintenance activities. Arranging the necessary support resource (internal or external), plant access, and plant conditions to allow effective delivery of the work scope. Determining crew size and required durations to allow effective delivery of the work scope. Taking action to resolve issues / conflicts that may present barriers to achieving established milestones providing upward reference as needed. Working with Engineering to identify required materials and initiating the ordering of parts and materials, and confirming their availability prior to work commencing. Providing advice and guidance on issues and opportunities relating to work planning and the Integrated Work Management process, ensuring stakeholder involvement and notification if issues or opportunities present an impact on the business or established goals and milestones. Qualifications/Experience Ideally several years experience with standard system engineering, equipment engineering, work management and/or maintenance support processes. We are keen to hear from candidates with experience of performing a similar role within regulated, high technology sectors. Expected qualifications for lower grades are HNC/HND and relevant degree plus professional membership for higher grades. However, extended relevant workplace development and experience may be considered in lieu of lower level qualifications. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website