Title: Critical Shift Leader
Webindex: 72446801
Company: Management Recruitment Group
Description: Shift Leader (Facilities Maintenance) Due to expansion on a prestigious and technical portfolio our client, a leading Facilities Service Provider, is looking to recruit a Shift Leader with a proven track record of working on critical sites. This is a large campus that operates a day and shift team and as the Shift Leader you will be responsible for supervising, overseeing and carrying out Planned Preventative Maintenance, Reactive Maintenance and extra works/emergencies in accordance with the contract requirements on Electrical Mechanical Services on rotating shift basis. You will supervise a small shift maintenance team responsible for the maintenance and reactive repairs to commercial, mechanical, electrical building services and associated equipment. You will allocate jobs to competent authorised personnel and assist in the training and development of Site Staff under your control. You will report all activity and incidents to the Building Services Supervisor. You will carry out PPM in accordance with set schedules, ensuring engineering standards are maintained in order to maximise the operational effectiveness and reliability of the Plant and associated electrical systems. You will ensure onsite Quality Assurance procedures are adhered to in all respects and to maintain accurate records/documentation associated the electrical aspects of the PPM and plant. You will coordinate with visiting specialist sub contractors, associated with electrical aspects of the PPM schedules. You will respond to call outs and cover breakdowns and emergencies associated with the electrical services aspects of the contract as required. You will perform electrical fault diagnoses associated with the planned or reactive maintenance of the site. This is a 24 hour **** day shift position **** hour shifts 4 on 4 off with the opportunity for overtime. Ideal candidates will be electrically biased facilities maintenance professionals who hold or have held HV AP status in the past. You will have a proven track record in working on critical sites with UPS. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CriticalShiftLeader_job****