Title: Senior Electronic / Software Engineer
Webindex: 70035002
Company: Petrie Recruitment
Description: Job Elements:   Due to success, expansion and international growth we are now looking for an additional member to join a busy design department.  To contribute to a highly skilled multidisciplined engineering team, in the design and development of new products, taking ideas from inception through to production and participating in the commissioning and approval of Company products.  To manage all electronic design aspects of new and existing product development projects, within challenging timescales and to rigorous quality standards.  To design analogue and digital electronic hardware, including circuit board layout.  To develop embedded applications for controlling systems.  To work closely with Quality and Regulatory team, contributing towards the production of all technical documentation required for regulatory approvals.  To proactively contribute towards product concept and feasibility discussions. The ideal candidate will have:  Ideally qualified to HNC/Degree level in a relevant subject, such as electrical or electronic engineering.  Considerable electrical and/or control design experience gained within a design and manufacturing environment.  The successful candidate will have a track record of successfully designing electrical control systems for new products from inception to completion.  Innovative and creative, with the ability to look beyond existing solutions to identify potential improvements for new and existing products.  Experience of designing analogue and digital electronic hardware, including circuit board layout.  Experience of developing embedded systems, using the C programming language and various development environments.  Ideally experience of developing Windowsbased PC applications using Visual Studio C.  Excellent PC skills, with sound knowledge of Microsoft Office packages. For further vacancies, please visit www.petrie.co.uk Follow us on Twitter Or receive updates via our Facebook page  'Petrie Recruitment'