Title: Field Service Engineer  Electrical, Instrumentation and Drives
Webindex: 71857104
Company: Flow Control Engineering Solutions Ltd
Description: Site/Service Engineer  South Midlands (Home based) Permanent Competitive Salary Package Company Profile We are a a global technology, software and consulting organisation leading significant change in process manufacturing, plant optimisation, business operations and enterprise performance. The company s international reputation as a provider of innovative solutions across a broad spectrum of vertical markets is supported by engineering services designed to realise greater benefits to customers plantwide assets. Job Profile Responsible for providing accredited services and technical field support, commissioning and installation on both current and legacy products to our customers. Geographical area of responsibility is Southern UK, mainly located in the Midlands. The successful candidate will be required to assist in providing a twentyfour/seven breakdown service (typically 1 week in ****). Principal Responsibilities  Traceable / UKAS Calibration checks and adjustments including electrical signal injection, temperature and pressure  Thermal Uniformity Surveys of heat treatment ovens / furnaces  Installation and commissioning of measurement and control equipment.  Breakdown response.  Onsite technical support.  Onsite work requiring one or more overnight stays.  Informal onsite training.  Nominated nonsupport activities required by the Management. Skills/ Experience / Qualifications Skills:  Must be able to effectively communicate in the English language.  Self motivated and good organizational, verbal, and written communication skills  Have an eye for detail and accuracy  Thorough in recording and processing data  Have a thorough approach to problem solving and fault finding  Demonstrate ability to work to company procedures Knowledge:  Knowledge of process control applications for one or more the following industries; Metals Heat Treatment, Pharmaceutical, Glass, Oil Gas, Power, Plastics and Waste Water  Must have a broad knowledge of industrial instrumentation.  Experience of calibrating electronic measuring instruments  Comfortable with talking on the telephone with customers, sales people, and other related business contacts. Qualification:  Minimum National Certificate (Electronics) or equivalent  Current driving licence