Title: Senior Fluid Systems Engineer  Nuclear
Webindex: 55258897
Company: Gregory Martin International
Description: Senior Fluid Systems Engineer  Nuclear Steam Raising Plant experience, Fluid Systems Our client requires Engineers with Nuclear Steam Raising Plant experience to join their expanding Fluid Systems team. The Fluid Systems team is currently expanding to meet strong demand from its main clients. The team s work supports a number of key Defence programmes covering the UK Submarine programme both inservice and next generation vessels, as well as dockyard equipment and facilities. Engineers working within the team therefore have the opportunity to challenge themselves through delivering interesting and varied projects for a range of different clients and industries. The Responsibilities  Senior Fluid Systems Engineer  Nuclear Steam Raising Plant experience Supervise and produce reports including calculations, analyses, and designs to demonstrate acceptable performance or identify design issues. Author and update major technical documents to present technical findings (e.g. design substantiation reports, safety justifications). Lead requirements capture activities to identify the scope of work required. Liaise with plant operators, designers and maintainers. Support bidding activities and produce proposal documents. Manage task delivery against Time, Cost and Quality requirements. Support the QA process through review or checking colleagues work. Lead presentations to clients. Lead or work within project teams (though some independent work, including placements at clients sites, may be required). Take responsibility for the quality and delivery of your own work and maintain the company s reputation The Requirements  Senior Fluid Systems Engineer  Nuclear Steam Raising Plant experience Degree qualified or equivalent in a science, or engineering subject (physics, or mechanical, electrical, chemical or process engineering). Chartered Engineer or working towards chartership. A proven track record of delivering highquality, complex technical solutions in challenging timescales. The ability to apply existing technical expertise and a sound understanding of engineering principles to varied projects and domains. A desire to be challenged and to contribute to the success of the business. Experience in the following areas: Detailed knowledge of the design aspects of PWR systems. Appreciation of PWR nuclear components and equipment i.e. Valves, Installations, Vessels, Heat Exchangers or Pumps. An understanding of fluid system calculations i.e. Miller, Crane. An understanding of systems safety assessments and tools (e.g. Failure Modes and Effects Analysis, reliability modelling). Although the team is based in Derby, opportunities also exist at our client s sites. Flexibility on work location and a willingness to undertake secondments to other sites is beneficial. Successful candidates will be required to undergo a security vetting process and offers of employment will be subject to relevant security clearance being granted Keywords: Fluid Systems, Nuclear, Vessels, Valves, Heat Exchanges, Pumps, FMEA, Steam Raising Plant. Senior Fluid Systems Engineer  Nuclear Steam Raising Plant experience, Fluid Systems Salary: **** to **** Location: Derby, Midlands