Title: Building Defect Surveyor
Webindex: 71125728
Company: Wilde Recruitment
Description: Job title: Building Surveyor (Surrey) Purpose and objectives: Undertake site surveys of residential, commercial and industrial properties from Berkshire, etc to and through central London and on through to Essex. Recording and reporting accurately and timely. At other times (between survey tranches) undertake building surveying duties such to assist the current team and progress with actively achieving RICS APC success. Duties and responsibilities: Complete and submit CRB check questionnaires. Attend a surveying workshop or other induction session prior to site surveys. Contact the project ca before and after access to each property. Meeting representatives at addresses and undertaking an accurate survey of existing conditions in various types and sizes of property. Providing a professional and presentable approach when meeting members of the public involved with the project in whatever circumstance. Working in accordance with H To undertake a traditional set of building surveying duties including design and specification of projects (alterations, refurbishments, new build) in a range of sectors (commercial, education, government, defence, etc) and full contract administration of the same. Essential for this role: Building/constructionrelated degree Punctual Reliable Able to work on own initiative Presentable and good communication skills, comfortable meeting new people Motivated to succeed and achieve project targets Knowledge of building and condition surveys and the pressure of large numbers of surveys to complete within programme Excellent ability of basic measured surveys and sketches Excellent written and oral communication skills Excellent ability to describe and record detail and thoughts Desirable: CSCS card at professionally qualified person or frequent visitor level Satisfactory CRB check documents Qualified first aider Construction contract knowledge Construction detailing and design skills AutoCAD Enrolled on RICS APC Party walls Dilapidations Historic buildings Bream / sustainability Presentation skills Personal profile: Professional, punctual, reliable and a team player. Able to communicate with a wide range of persons and the public generally. Proactive and enjoys ensuring tasks are completed on time