Title: Area Manager  South Wales
Webindex: 72478829
Company: Recruitment Genius
Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an Area Manager to join one of the UK's leading recycling, renewable energy and waste management companies. As an Area Manager, you will be required to develop and maintain first class working relationships with Local Authority clients. Responsibilities: • To ensure that the business units within the scope of the role exceed the budgeted financial performance objectives, whilst complying with all relevant company and legislative, environmental, safety and administrative requirements and procedures. • Develop and lead day to day communications, contract management and development with Local Authorities. • To provide and develop excellent innovative services to Local Authority Clients. • To develop recycling services for both the Local Authority and Industrial and Commercial sectors. • To develop collection services for both the Industrial and Commercial sector. • To provide leadership and direction to the employees, business units and clients. • To develop and maintain first class working relationships with key commercial customers and contracts. • To carry out annual and timely Performance Appraisal Reviews of all direct reportees. Skills and Experience: • Have extensive knowledge of existing and proposed legislation affecting Company operations in the area. • Must know the legal, safety and environmental obligations and responsibility that impact the industry. • Extensive knowledge of the legal requirements relating to transport operations. • Experience with management of waste related Local Authority contracts. • Previous experience of managing fleet of waste collection/transport vehicles and waste/material facilities. • Financial experience, budget control and management. • Ability to negotiate and solve problems. • Sound commercial and business skills at high level gained through extensive exposure to the market. • Ability to lead, motivate and develop employees and to manage them in an effective manner.