Title: Maintenance Administrator / Engineering / Redditch
Webindex: 69967014
Company: Jenrick Engineering
Description: Maintenance Administrator Engineering Redditch Long Term Temporary Contract 38 hours per week c**** per hour Are you an Engineering Administrator, used to dealing with Quality and Maintenance teams, available immediately for this long term temporary contract working for a global leader? This position is available now, and we are submitting a shortlist of candidates for interview ASAP, so if you are interested, please apply ASAP through the job board, or send your CV The Company: Are a global market leader successfully well positioned on key growth programmes with the world s leading aerospace companies including Airbus and Boeing Supply high integrity products into demanding markets and are committed to protecting the environment Invest in people and technical resources to grow the business Job Purpose: You will report to the Maintenance Supervisor and be an integral part of the Maintenance Department with responsibility for equipment uniformity and other quality functions The Role: Liaise with internal departmental managers to ensure the execution of corrective actions and compliance with customers specifications. To assist in the responsibility for Maintenance department calibration schedules. Ensure quality documents are filed and updated accordingly. To ensure departmental calibrations are followed correctly in line with company quality procedures. To ensure booking schedules are updated and printed, including email to correct departments. To raise corrective actions, reports and schedules for preventative maintenance on all company assets. To produce and update weekly KPI reports to the quality department. To produce and implement monthly KPI reports on plant availability and Maintenance engineers performance. To contribute to improvements and upgrades of company assets and facilitate project management. To produce and upkeep standard operating procedures and daily TPM check sheets. The Candidate: Must have knowledge and experience of Auditors. Experience of working in a similar, high pressurised manufacturing environment. Must have some Leadership experience. Must be able to create and build Databases in order to generate reports. Preferable to have NADCAP training. Must be proficient in Microsoft word, Excel and PowerPoint software packages. Preferable to have knowledge of Gauge Track and Shire frontline software. Good Interpersonal Skill to foster teamwork and achieve business objectives Clear, concise and appropriate communication style both written and verbal to include participation in daily meetings. Must be flexible to cover absence and holidays. To apply for this position, please email your CV Jenrick Engineering always has a wide range of contract and permanent engineering jobs available within the UK