Title: Voids Supervisor (Housing / Construction)
Webindex: 71904574
Company: NWX Limited
Description: Voids Supervisor (Housing) Mitcheldean, Gloucestershire (commutable from Cheltenham, Sandhurst, Cinderford, Newtown and surrounding areas) **** circa, per annum (dependent on skills) Full time, permanent (37 hours per week) Our client currently has an exciting opportunity for a Voids Supervisor to join their in house Void Team. You will be responsible for ensuring that their void processes for their properties is efficiently managed and that their void turnaround and rent loss is within their targets. Carrying out inspections on properties you will ensure work is planned accurately and efficiently in order to allocate to appropriate operatives. Providing advice and guidance to all operatives and contractors you will guarantee they have all the correct materials and equipment to carry out their work to the highest standard. Utilising your strong analytical skills you will produce monthly voids business reports for the Head Of Contract Services, the reports must show how targets and KPI s have been met. Additionally you will pre inspect properties and ensure that work is planned and specified you will also liaise with the Health, Safety and Asbestos Officer on safety issues as and when they arise. Their ideal candidate will be educated to NVQ level 3 or equivalent in maintenance or a similar discipline with a solid background of working within maintenance or trade. You will need a sound working/current knowledge of Health Safety legislation as it applies to construction work, and you should be experienced in housing repairs. As you will work with a variety of different teams and people, you must have good negotiation and persuasion skills and be proactive in identifying and solving problems. Commitment to delivering a high level of customer service and willing to go that extra mile is also required to be successful in this role. The ability to show excellent negotiation skills would be a distinct advantage as would previous training in asbestos awareness, ladder usage, COSHH awareness and other similar training courses. Our client is a housing association. Housing, Maintenance, Health and Safety, Construction, Housing Repairs, COSHH