Title: Engineering Estimation Engineer
Webindex: 68227540
Company: EP T Global
Description: We have an exciting opportunity for an Engineering Estimation Engineer to join our dynamic, growing business based in London paying **** EP T Global delivers energy conservation and environmental solutions in Australia, Dubai and in the UK to medium to large energy users. We have helped our clients win the world s No. **** position in the Real Estate Dow Jones Sustainability World Index in **** **** 2010 and 2011 and win the CIBSE Building Operations Award and the Property Week Award in 2011 and 2012. To help develop a number of new prestigious projects in the UK and in Europe we are seeking a degree qualified electrical engineer for the position of Engineering Estimation Engineer. The UK Company was set up in January **** and has already established some key client projects in a sector that is set for rapid growth as incoming carbon reduction legislation forces large commercial building owners to improve the energy performance of their portfolios. You would be joining a rapidly growing and dynamic team that is motivated by success and the challenge of becoming a global leader in energy efficiency. Selection Criteria for an Engineering Estimation Engineer:  Degree or HND in Electrical Engineering or Electrical Electronics  Minimum 35 years experience in an electrical role with hands on experience  Practical understanding of HV/LV essential  Technical computing skills essential with experience of using AutoCAD a must  Good report writing skills essential  Design Estimation experience essential  Experience of a M T submetering systems advantageous  Experience of building services and mechanical engineering advantageous  Energy management experience advantageous  Superior communication skills  Adaptable and forwardthinking  Prepared to work irregular hours to meet project deadlines  Proven ability to work under pressure Activities/Requirements of an Engineering Estimation Engineer:  Design and prepare system designs for the business development team  Estimate complete project costs and provide payback analysis for each proposal  Complete pricing templates and source relevant prices from suppliers  Use CAD to reproduce or generate system schematics  Use CAD to generate updated single line drawings and electrical schematics  Reproduce hydraulic and reticulation schematics to assist with system design  Collaborate with other Design Engineers, Business Development Managers and Project Engineers to seek optimum design for each project (balancing cost with functionality)  Liaise with EP T design engineering, technical and business teams to understand client and project briefs.  Provide postdesign support to project engineers as required  Provide technical sales support to the Business Development Managers team as required  Coordinate sales/order process  by passing client orders to Projects Department with accompanying technical/estimation/proposal information Please note approximately 3 months training will be provided and this is a London based role. The role is nationwide but with a focus in London. London is easily commutable from: London, North London, South London, West London, East London, Croydon, Watford, St. Albans, Gillingham, Chelmsford, Reading, Slough. Keywords: Engineer, Engineering, Technician, CAD, Project manager, Technical sales, Design engineers. If you would like to be a part of our dynamic team please apply now to be our Engineering Estimation Engineer.