Title: Manufacturing Production Supervisor FMCG Sector
Webindex: 72677331
Company: Wellington Professional Recruitment
Description: Co Tyrone c****  Attractive benefits package including overtime Our client based in Co Tyrone has grown from small beginnings to become one of Europe's largest food companies. They provide a range of meat products to the retail, food service, wholesale and manufacturing sectors. Due to continued success and a demand for new and innovative products they are looking to compliment their existing production team with the appointment of a Manufacturing Production Supervisor who will work predominantly on evening shifts working Monday  Friday ****  **** hrs. This is an exciting opportunity with excellent career progression prospects for the right individual Your duties will include but not be limited to the following  Supervision of evening shift operations Ensuring standards of output, yield, hygiene, discipline, quality and health safety are achieved at all times Regular communication with management, planning and engineering departments to ensure optimum operational delivery So if you want to be part of this success and you feel you could bring a lot of value to this organisation and you wish to be considered for this exciting role then you must firstly have: Experience in a similar role within a FMCG manufacturing environment Qualified to at least O' level/GCSE standard in at least English and Maths Experience of working in a supervisory capacity within the manufacturing sector You will also have excellent interpersonal and communication skills both written and verbal. Strong attention to detail and the ability to work with minimal supervision are also important. Experience of working in a meat processing environment would be advantageous to your application but certainly not essential. If you feel this exciting role is something you may be interested in and you would like to be considered please apply via the button shown and we will contact you upon receipt of your application to discuss your suitability and the role specifics in more detail. Please also be aware that any correspondence or discussions related to this opportunity will be conducted with the utmost of confidentiality. This vacancy is being advertised by Wellington Professional Recruitment Ltd. The services advertised by Wellington Professional Recruitment Ltd are those of an Employment Agency on behalf of our client.