Title: Business Improvement Lead
Webindex: 71705544
Company: Encore Personnel
Description: Business Improvement Lead Nottingham ****  **** Based on experience A leading company dealing with aerospace technology has a vacancy for a Business Improvement lead. Reporting to the business improvement manager, this role carries a number of responsibilities: Lead improvement strategy in line with the 'Improvement Journey to Process Excellence', utilising Lean / Six Sigma toolset and methodologies. Lead on the implementation of key change projects across all areas and transactional processes. Ensuring the business is best placed to cope with the challenge of growth. Undertake continual analysis of the business to expose opportunities for change and improvement focused on developing a simplified, scalable and standardised business. Analyse and monitor financial and customer benefits throughout the life of the improvement. Establish best practice networking by internal and external benchmarking. Work effectively with the management team to embed required behaviours that inspire teamworking and a culture of continuous improvement. Lead and maintain an effective governance mechanism for selecting and executing programmes pertaining to improvement activities. Champion and share the use of best practice methods for improvements across the business and provide evidence of real change implementation. Coach, ensure training and mentor Black, Green, Yellow belts, through to accreditation / recognition and coach Project Sponsors. Objective Qualities: Accredited six Sigma Black  Ideally has come from a similar industrial process or precision engineering business, such as the automotive or aerospace sectors. Track record of delivering significant business improvement and value using lean and sigma tools to address issues and improve efficiencies. Track record in defining business level improvement strategies and metrics and in engaging an organisation to execute these. Has led and delivered multiple transformation projects concurrently across business and transactional processes. Expert in continuous improvement methodologies, such as six sigma and lean / Kaizen. Able to engage with, and improve processes through, a DMAIC framework. Demonstrated leadership whilst embracing behaviours that inspire team working. Ability to manage people performance and development at all levels. Takes responsibility for their own development, as well as providing the coaching and support to others. Has excellent communication skills to engage with and communicate with employees, management team, customers and stakeholders. Strong technical knowledge of continuous improvement techniques. Subjective Qualities: Good commercial and business acumen A proactive and dynamic approach that drives for results Solutionsdriven with a strong work ethic. Building effective teams Handson approach from the first day Strategic agility Business Improvement crosses all functions of the company. Having entered a period of business transformation over the last 12 months, they are keen to implement certain standards of best practice and change management in order to further improve cost and efficiencies, taking them closer to the worldclass manufacturing status they strive to achieve. Central to this is their 'Improvement Journey to Process Excellence', which lays out a strategic road map to improve first their manufacturing processes and then to take into account their wider transactional processes, such as financial, administrative and other areas. With this plan being led by a Master Black Belt on secondment, this provides an excellent opportunity to recruit a Business Improvement Manager and further strengthen their own senior management team. To apply for this vacancy of for more information please email your CV through to mbrownencoretechnical.co.uk or call Mark on [blocked] Encore Personnel are an Equal Opportunities Employer. Specialist Recruiters in the Technical/engineering, and senior appointment sectors. Based in the Midlands, supplying Nationally. Encore offer a 'refer a friend' reward scheme where you could receive a gift of up to ****