Title: Group Quality/Compliance Manager
Webindex: 65297176
Company: i4 Recruitment Account
Description: Group Compliance Manager  Norfolk  GBP****k plus bonus, package etc Compliance/quality/health/safety This is an excellent, newly created opportunity to work for a Global Engineering organisation who specialise in the design and manufacture of equipment for the Oil and Gas industry. Duties/Responsibilities: To oversee and develop the compliance, quality assurance and health and safety functions throughout the group of companies. To collate and analyse quality data and report to management on the performance of the quality management system for review. To maintain and develop the quality management system in accordance with the requirements of the current issue of ISO 9001, EN **** applicable European Directives, the ATEX, IECEx scheme, ASME, PED and any other standards or codes necessitated by development into new areas of business. To maintain all certification documentation within the Group ensuring current documents are readily accessible to staff that need them. This includes but is not limited to type approval certificates and associated documents, QA certificates, welding certificates, safety inspection certificates, etc. To ensure the development of training programmes and internal training material to support internal understanding of the Product certification standards and to ensure daily compliance to these standards. Delivering training where necessary. Develop and manage the company compliance policy. To ensure internal and supplier audits are carried out as required by the company's management systems. To be the primary point of contact for external auditors and inspection bodies carrying out quality and health and safety assessments of the companies within the group. To manage and develop a small team of Quality personnel. The Person Background in Quality Control/Compliance Good understanding of Health and Safety in the workplace Experience of working in a Manufacturing/Engineering environment Good understanding of compliance within the Oil and Gas or Pharmaceutical Industry Strong Man Management Skills 510 years relevant Industry Experience Qualifications Engineering/Scientific Degree NEBOSH/IBOSH Qualified