Title: Quality Engineer (CNC / Machining Environment)
Webindex: 69965975
Company: Omega Resource Group
Description: Quality Engineer (CNC / Machining Environment) ****  **** per annum  Benefits Based in Stroud (Gloucestershire) My client, a leading manufacturing company require a Quality Engineer to join their expanding Team. Your duties will include the application and provision of Quality related tools, disciplines and activities, participating in multidisciplinary teams and working with Customer(s) on current and new products. To act as the representative of the end Customer on all Quality matters. Responsibilities: Interfacing with the Customer on all Quality related issues. Managing the application of the APQP process to new product / process introduction. To manage the effective resolution of product related issues for zero kilometre and field (warranty) returns, using structured problem solving tools and techniques. To provide leadership and expertise to Manufacturing areas to improve First Time Quality. Utilise appropriate processes for the effective resolution of internal (plant) product quality issues. Drive change and improvement activities, utilising an indepth understanding of current and future machining, measurement, assembly and test processes. Contribute to the development and improvement of systems, processes and procedures to support these key responsibilities. To support the business audit programme, including supporting external assessments. Participate in departmental team activities. To support Total Quality initiatives including identification of Opportunities for Improvement and participation in TQ Projects. Qualification and Experience: Formal qualifications in a Mechanical Engineering related discipline, Degree / HND level preferred, minimum HNC. Experience of automotive industry. Experience of Best Practices such as APQP, FMEA, SPC etc. Working knowledge of Quality and Environmental standards. Competent in PC applications and Technical Report writing. Preparation and presentation of material at all levels of an organization. Able to work on own initiative, Self motivated team player. In return for your skills and experience we are offering a competitive salary and an excellent benefits package. Please apply with full CV . All applications will be acknowledged and held in complete confidence. A thorough briefing will be undertaken prior to CV submission to the client. Omega Resource Group Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy