Title: Project Planning Engineer  Wolverhampton
Webindex: 70344774
Company: Purple Squirrel Limited
Description: Project Planning Engineer  Coventry A significant ongoing project is currently undergoing a period of client driven acceleration. In addition to accelerating, the level of client reporting has increased to become a significant challenge. As a result of this we are looking to recruit a planning engineer to assess and report on all aspects of project planning to the Project manager. This is a long term project and as such there is at least a **** year requirement for this role, with the project expected to continue for the next 10 years. This is a permanent placement and is based in Wolverhampton. Experience:  Experience as a project planner, demonstrating good knowledge of project scheduling, resourcing and costing.  A problem solving approach to issues raised.  Experience in using P****e software essential.  Fully conversant in all aspects of Earned value Analysis and project cost controls.  General understanding of project management principles and processes.  Experience within the nuclear industry is preferable but not essential.  Comfortable working as part of a team Qualifications and skills:  Minimum HNC/HND in engineering.  Ideally qualified to graduate level in an engineering based degree.  Understanding of project controls essential.  Data manipulation skills particularly within MS Excel and MS Access.  Excellent IT skills, numeric and analytical skills required.  Good spoken and written English is essential. Systems knowledge:  P****e  MS Office (Particularly Excel and Access).  Risk for Excel or similar risk analysis software.  Visual Basic for Applications. Responsibilities: The planning engineer will report the head of projects and be responsible to the project manager for:  Establishment of project schedule, resources and budgets to agreed estimates and timescales.  Obtaining feedback from budget holders.  Completion of schedule updates on a weekly basis.  Analysis of project resource demands/availability.  Assessment of manhours and associated costs, purchasing costs and expense costs on a weekly basis.  Assessment of committed and actual purchase costs/forecasts.  Production of timely and accurate internal reports/programmes.  Week to week comparisons.  Comparisons and performance measurement against previous forecasts.  Production of schedules/reports ****e planning software. o Earned Value Analysis o Critical Path Analysis o Resource analysis o Lookahead programmes  Production of timely and accurate Client schedules/reports.  Inclusion of change as per the change control system.  Development and maintenance of reporting systems in order to meet project demands.  Assessment of progress and subsequent reporting of project KPIs.  Identification and prioritisation of likely overspends.  Participation in Risk management process and inclusion of mitigating action.  Liaise with functional project engineers to develop and instil an appreciation of planning issues/importance.  Liaise with client planning engineers and project personnel.  Development of planning structure and reporting in line with Project and client WBS.  Accuracy of all data and reports presented.  Take direction from the project manager for any adhoc planning/reporting or assessments. The salary for this role is ****045k  benefits. To apply please send your CV today. Purple Squirrel Limited is acting as an Employment Agency with regard to this vacancy. (note we aim to respond to all applicants, however, if you haven t been contacted within two weeks please assume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion)