Title: LEAD TEST ENGINEER  Medical Systems Engineering Windsor, ****K, Windsor and Maidenhead
Webindex: 62531074
Company: Randstad
Description: LEAD TEST ENGINEER  Medical Systems Engineering  Windsor, pound;****K; This is a great opportunity for a LEAD TEST ENGINEER to join a leading Systems Engineering company for the Healthcare industry. Based in WINDSOR, this role offers a salary in the region of pound;****  pound;**** (dependent upon experience) plus pension, childcare vouchers and 25 days holiday. The company: They design and deliver next generation applications and data communications solutions for pharmaceutical and healthcare management industries. These solutions enable patients to better selfmanage their disease(s) and in turn allow healthcare management organisations to dramatically reduce healthcare service delivery costs whilst providing better patient care. They have been on the market for the past four years and have been growing very rapidly since  they are currently employing a hundred staff and are looking to double that number in the next twelve months. You will be part of a fastgrowing company which delivers quality at scale, connects clinicians, patients and their data together through its secure, costeffective and medicallycertified solutions and continuously strives to improve patients quality of life. The role: As a result of the heavily regulatory environment they operate in, quality is at the heart of what they deliver  The endtoend applications they design are highly innovative, robust and massively scalable and follow a rigorous and highassurance, agile methodology. In this context, the testing team plays an instrumental role in that they push the developed applications to their limit so as to ensure the highest quality products are developed and ultimately patient safety is never compromised. As a Lead Test Engineer you will play a key role in ensuring the success of individual projects. You will be joining a team of eleven and act as the main technical authority on your assigned projects. Being involved in all aspects of the System Test Process  including manual and automated testing, creating documentation, reviewing design/test plans, etc.  you will develop the test strategy and verification plans, as well as define projects test schedules. As a Lead Test Engineer you will also participate in researching, selecting and implementing new testing tools to meet the needs of the team and lead projects through verification and validation activities. If you come from a handson system testing background  or development background with more recent endtoend testing experience  this is an opportunity to join a driven team with a real passion for what the business is trying to achieve and work in a cuttingedge technology environment. Key skills/experience required :  working experience of the system test process;  experience with manual and automation testing is essential to be considered;  strong SQL Server experience;  team leadership experience;  experience of test management tools;  scripting skills (C/C++);  any experience with embedded systems will be considered as an advantage but is not essential to be considered.  Their offices are close to the M25, M3 and M4 and within commutable distance from West London, Hampshire, Surrey and Berkshire  Are you interested in finding out more about this Lead Test Engineer opportunity? Please apply ASAP with an uptodate CV for immediate review or call me on **** **** **** for a confidential discussion. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills amp; qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. Skills SQL, iseb. istqb, test, tester, testing, lead