Title: Submissions Authors
Webindex: 67946432
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview UK ConstCarillion Civil Engineering Purpose of Role Creating high quality professional submission documents for all bids is the primary purpose of the role whilst providing guidance to other Business. During the bid process the Proposals Manager will develop templates for development of the Messages and Benefits and the specific responses for the PQQ, PITN or ITN submissions. Case Studies, Charts, Diagrams and standard bid responses will be managed, catalogued and scheduled in readiness for the bid submissions. Supporting the Bid Manager the Proposals Manager will schedule and monitor bid responses in line with the identified bid programme. Key Objectives of the Role To support the Business development Director in ensuring that prequalification and bid submissions are of high quality, consistent, professional submissions across the entire Business Unit To manage the graphic design input and content to bids To work with Bid Managers in developing a written response that is attractive, concise and brings out the benefits of the CNB offer. To establish a categorised library of high quality Case Studies, Charts, Diagrams and bid responses To create and manage the development of standard templates for PQQ, PITN and ITN responses To support internal and external stakeholders in the development of their responses To check the quality and consistency of responses in terms of quality, key phrases and key words To track the location / position of bid documentation To be responsible for the quality / presentation of the overall document To support the bid team in the development of presentations Job Level Overview Subject to managerial direction, the Job Holder will generally be subject to broad practices and procedures that are covered by functional/business precedents and policies. nbsp;The job holder will generally be at least part professionally qualified and will probably possess some specialised knowledge/skills gained through on the job experience. The Job Holder s performance will have either a very small impact on plc performance, or a small impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Accountable for specific areas of responsibility and deliverables and manages the associated risks Delivers activities to support operational objectives for their specific contract, project or specialism Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 6 months to one year Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines Interacts with client or users around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Manages the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility Focus of work is predominantly against defined targets but performs a range of tasks from complex to straightforward Financial Accountabilities Typically manages cost centre budget (first line budgetary accountability) Identifies ways to reduce cost and improve service Manages variable costs (e.g. overtime and agency costs) People Accountabilities For a small contract, section of contract or single disciplinary teams: Typically first line manager with overall people responsibility Optimises performance Undertakes performance reviews and provides training and reward recommendations Responsible for implementing disciplinary actions up to final warning Knowledge and Applied Skills Thorough working knowledge of one functional area through significant job experience amp; training Experience of supporting a business contract and/or providing support to a professional function Likely to have 5 years business experience and/or be a fully qualified professional with minimum of 2 years PQE with Intermediate Level Qualifications. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information The Role middot; nbsp; Work alongside operational support providing proposals guidance and mentoring middot; Provide Bid content middot; Deliver consistency of message and content middot; Take the Carillion function approach and make it project/scheme specific middot; Contribute to written proposal structure and solutions during the brainstorming process middot; Edit and improve content from operational support middot; Provide technical support to the Proposals Coordinator for PQQs middot; Extract and manage information for use in tenders and PQQs from Bid Library middot; Monitor and review Project Data Sheets middot; Responsible for producing compelling and persuasive written proposals, in both quality tenders and PQQ documentation. middot; Reporting to the Proposals Manager the proposals author will develop answer plans and identify and include substantiating evidence where appropriate. The Candidate Experienced submissions authors, with technical and managerial knowledge of construction in Highways (Capital Work Schemes and Highways Maintenance) Rail Building Utilities middot; The Proposals Authors needs to have a thirst for knowledge and develop a good understanding of the business and its project management methods and Procedures. middot; The Proposals Author will be expected to research, interview and ghost write proposals covering a wide range of management and operational topics. middot; Carillion UKC operates across numerous offices and sectors and therefore a flexible approach to working and location is required. middot; Preferably experienced in the public sector.