Title: Senior Quantity Surveyor  Utilities  Bristol
Webindex: 68700997
Company: Omni Resource Management Solutions.
Description: Senior Quantity Surveyor Bristol Water Industry c. ****  car allowance The Company My client is a support services company. They work with local councils and utility companies to design and deliver a wide range of essential frontline services. These include highways maintenance, street lighting and utility services, such as water and wastewater projects. We are looking for an experienced quantity surveyor to join our water utilities team in the South West. You will be the point of contact between the client and operational teams for reactive works. You will provide commercial support to the operations teams and take responsibility for the financial aspects of operational delivery. About the job Ensuring compliance with the company's commercial guidelines, you will monitor and control costs, value and provide accurate reporting. The fundamental driver of this role is to minimise risk to the business, maximise profit and provide a fair and cost effective service to our clients. On a daytoday basis you will take on tasks, such as:  Supervising  other staff in the commercial team  Reviewing  tender and contract documentation  Raising  subcontract orders and managing the subcontract account  Negotiating  final accounts  Resolving  disputes with clients and subcontractors and attending meetings as required  Providing  accurate reports to the managing quantity surveyor What you'll need Ideally, you will have experience of working with IChemE contracts, with experience in target costing, or experience with NEC forms of contracts as a minimum. You will need experience working as a quantity surveyor on civil schemes in the water industry, experience working on pipelines would be an advantage. You'll also need to be customer facing and a team player, with some management or supervisory experience and exceptional communication and negotiating skills. If you are an experienced quantity surveyor with experience in the water industry, looking for a new and secure role in a wellestablished national company, follow the link below to apply today… This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorQuantitySurveyorUtilitiesBristol_job****