Title: Microbiology Scientific Officer  **** month FTC
Webindex: 68544612
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Our client is a major manufacturer of pharmaceutical products and they are looking for an experienced microbiologist to join their team for a **** month Fixed Term Contract. You must have some GMP experience to be successful. Important Must have previous GMP microbiology experience from a GMP environment. The Job Brief Summary/Overview of Duties: A vacancy has arisen for a Scientific Officer to work within the Microbiology department to cover maternity leave, carrying out scientific tests in an effective and efficient manner to ensure the quality of our products. Duties and Responsibilities: To complete testing and improvement activities as required by the department. This will involve working in the following areas; Environmental Monitoring, Endotoxin analysis, Growth promotion, Water Testing and Identification of organisms. To prepare technical documentation within the department. To carry out and manage projects in the department as required. To develop and validate laboratory procedures within the department as and when required. To review analytical and laboratory data within the department for accuracy, completeness and compliance with documented procedures. To ensure that all testing lead times are complied with. To communicate effectively and proactively with others on site and participating with departmental and site wide problem solving as required. To ensure that all work carried out and documentation complies with departmental procedures and cGMP. Requirements: A good understanding of a wide range of microbiological procedures employed in the pharmaceutical industry, Any experience of antibiotic potency assays and preservative efficacy testing would also be highly desirable. A proven record of deviation investigation and root cause analysis, combined with a high standard of report writing is also important Previous experience of a senior laboratory role is highly desirable, however full training will be given on testing. A proactive approach with the ability to manage time and workload effectively Education to degree level or the ability to demonstrate equivalent, relevant experience in a similar role An understanding of cGMP To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK