Title: Business Development Manager  Facilities Management/M E
Webindex: 70607033
Company: Fawkes Reece
Description: Position Business Development Manager Facilities Management Reference VACSS49800 Location East Midlands Salary c****k  CAR Pension Scheme Health Care Company Fawkes new service and maintenance contracts that generate new profitable income for the business. You will achieve set/agreed targets for the products and services of the company. You will accurately estimate new contracts to ensure a profitable return on all new business with close attention to commercial tendering policies and procedures. You will be working within a given area as the representative for my client, visiting and calling customers to ensure the highest standards of customer service and customer care; and, you will provide information on all customer contacts. You will maintain a close working relationship with Operations, ensuring cohesion in any new business venture. You will ensure availability of appropriate promotional material. You will apply timemanagement concepts and techniques, analyse complex information, draw logical conclusions and make sound recommendations. You will establish and maintain effective and cooperative working relationships with other executives, assistant staff, other departments and related companies. You will represent the department with diplomacy and tact, exercise sound judgment in sensitive situations and communicate effectively both orally and in writing. Reporting to the Business Development Director and Managing Director you will be responsible for identifying and securing profitable work streams for the business whilst maintaining and maximising the lifecycle of the existing client base. You will have a proven background in successful Business Development within the Facilities Management sector, preferably working for one of the major players. You will be required to demonstrate a strong understanding of financial models that are adopted in the market in order to positively explore the client s needs and offer innovative solutions to them. My client is looking for an ambitious individual who will be looking to progress with the company over the next 5 years and really establish themselves as an integral part of the business. You will need to be results driven and have a hunger for winning work and be motivated by the satisfaction that good results bring. For the latest Building Services / M&E / Facilities Management jobs within your area please email your CV to Steve Snelling (url removed) or call (Apply online only) and speak to one of our consultants