Title: Production planning and control technician
Webindex: 70218948
Company: Encore Personnel
Description: Production Planning and Control Technician Nottinghamshire ****k  ****k  negotiable on experience A leading aerospace production and manufacturing company currently has a vacancy for a Production Planning and Control Technician. The Role Duties will include: To be the Customer primary point of contact, build and maintain an effective working relationship. To take ownership for Customer parts on site driving parts through the production process from receipt inspection to despatch. To maintain regular verbal contact with all customers to ensure their needs are serviced and queries are resolved in a timely manner To ensure status reports are produced and supplied to all customers in a timely manner as agreed by the customer. To maintain adequate customer services records in respect of all customer liaison and transactions. To build and maintain effective working relationships across the internal functions production, engineering, quality and commercial. Drive crossfunctional solutions to issues to ensure timely supply and delivery of all parts. To promote continuous business improvement opportunities, e.g. lead time reduction, inventory and WIP reduction To correlate and produce reports as requested by Management to aid with customer visits and presentations. The Candidate The suitable candidate must have: Good interpersonal skills and ability to build effective working relationships at all levels Be able to work as part of a team and on their own initiative Demonstrated ability to plan work coupled with the drive and tenacity to see projects through to completion Knowledge of Production Planning and Control systems would be an advantage Knowledge of the aerospace/coatings industry would be an advantage Good computer skill Microsoft Office The Company An expanding aerospace in Nottinghamshire are looking for candidate to progress within the company. Excellent Training opportunities are available for the suitable candidate as well as salary reviews once training is complete. To apply for this role please contact Mark on (Apply online only) or email Personnel are an Equal Opportunities Employer. Specialist Recruiters in the Technical/engineering, and senior appointment sectors. Based in the Midlands, supplying Nationally. Encore offer a refer a friend reward scheme where you could receive a gift of up to ****