Title: M&E Supervisor/ MultiSkilled Engineer
Webindex: 72441431
Company: Norland Managed Services
Description: Norland Managed Services Ltd is a leading provider of facilities maintenance and support services in the built environment, working in partnership with some of the UK’s best known companies. We are looking for a M E supervisor (or a strong engineer) to work on a TFM contract (hard and soft services, although you’ll be solely responsible for the maintenance of mechanical and electrical plant) and will also be responsible for managing and monitoring all subcontractors. This position has no direct reports however previous supervisory/ management experience will be most beneficial in managing the subcontractors. This role will be working at an education establishment in South Liverpool static site. Candidates need to be electrically biased (17th edition) and FGas (****) or Gas Safe would be an advantage. Responsibilities will include:  Maintaining and keeping in good repair, the buildings mechanical electrical systems along with all associated component parts  Routine tests, checks and record keeping for all the buildings systems  Maintain water systems and all records to the highest standard in accordance with L**** Legislation.  Undertake regular walkrounds of client areas and plant rooms to note and rectify any defects and to maintain Plant rooms in a clean, tidy and safe condition.  Manage subcontractors and review performance periodically.  To monitor the buildings environmental temperature, humidity, andspace conditions and ensuring that they are maintained in accordance with the business requirement  To monitor and adjust as deemed necessary, the building management systems (BMS) to control the buildings HVAC to optimal levels of efficiency.  Provide rapid and effective response to customer and helpdesk calls and defects.  Provide innovative solutions to improve building, plant and system energy efficiency.  Manage, rectify and record defects through the Help Desk to ensure all are rectified within  SLA timeframes. Please note that due to the volume of applications received we are only able to respond to candidates who have been shortlisted for an initial interview. NO AGENCIES PLEASE. We take our commitment to equal opportunity seriously and value the benefits of having a diverse workforce.We will never knowingly discriminate on the basis of an individual’s characteristics or circumstances.If you want to work with one of the most successful businesses in the industry and believe you will fit in to our exceptional team, we want to hear from you. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MESupervisorMultiSkilledEngineer_job****