Title: Senior Design Engineer  Powertrain
Webindex: 69081064
Company: Genesis Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Our Client is the world s leading producer of mobile aerial work platforms and a leading producer of telescopic material handlers. They sell principally to rental companies and distributors that rent and sell the Company s products to a diverse customer base, which include users in the industrial, commercial, institutional and construction markets. They have manufacturing facilities located in the United States, France and Belgium, with sales and service locations on six continents providing customers throughout Europe, Scandinavia, Africa and the Middle East. You will provide modelling and simulation support efforts for new vehicle, system and subsystem design projects involving broad design assignments of considerable scope and complexity. You will also be lead role in some projects as required. The Role: Modelling and simulation of new vehicle, system, and subsystem projects related to vehicle Powertrains. Participate in selection of Powertrain components on new and existing machines: axles, drive shafts, engine, cooling package, and tires. Conduct Design of Experiments (DOEs), sensitivity analysis, and robust design practices (**** sigma design) for assigned projects. Support proposal development with design report preparation on performance characteristics and expectations of new and existing system designs. Provide support and insight to design team based on data developed during modelling stages. Utilize ProE, Pro/Mechanica, and PC based software in assigned projects as applicable. Assume lead role for some projects. Document s Degree in Mechanical Engineering, or General Engineering. Min 3 Years experience. Excellent IT Command. Knowledge of CFD, radiator, fan, fuel, diesel, powertrain, after treatment, and emissions. Experience with automotive or offhighway equipment preferred. Good analytical and problemsolving skills. Prior knowledge of CAN based systems. PTC ProE electrical design and routing CAD skills (RSD). Windchill or Teamcenter PDM/PLM knowledge. Good oral and written communication skills. Strong Team Player. Training Requirements: CAD Software. NPD processes. Windchill PLM. MAPICS production system. Product awareness. Product operation. This vacancy is only available to Candidates with relevant experience as detailed in the job description. Due to volume of applications, we are unable to respond to applicants who do not possess the required skills and experience. Recent Graduates who do not have the required level of industry experience need not apply. Candidates must be authorised to work in the country where this role is located BEFORE making an application