Title: Senior Materials Engineer
Webindex: 57034007
Company: JOBG8
Description: Job Title: Senior Materials Engineer Location: Hertfordshire Salary: ****  **** Sector: Aerospace/Defence My client, a market leading and world renowned Defence Engineering company, are currently looking to recruit a Senior Materials Engineer to add to their highly regarded and cutting edge team. This is a fantastic opportunity to further develop your career within the UK defence Sector and to join some of the most exciting projects in the UK. The client has demonstrated its ability to bring together the best skills across the whole of Europe, and has succeeded in becoming the prime contractor for a series of strategic multinational programmes. The ideal candidate will have up to date experience as a Materials Engineer within the UK Engineering Sector. All applicants must be willing to undergo a UK security clearance application and must be aware of the criteria involved. Provide Materials support to engineers in the guidance and selection of Materials and related Processes Prepare and maintain M&P Specifications and Procedures. Provide solutions by using both practical and technical expertise in the resolution of hardware problems and investigations Provide technical support to Commodities and Procurement in the assessment of subcontractors, suppliers and other agencies Carry out an appraisal of Project Materials List and recommend solutions to avoid obsolescence, minimize proliferation, ensure performance to Product Requirements Testing, analysis and validation of Materials Define testing regimes for validation of Materials for specific applications and make recommendations based on results, including making suggestions to improve test/diagnosis processes. Keep up to date in relevant technical areas, develop skills and capabilities to be able to provide more effective services (seeking and sharing good practice and knowledge to continuously improve practices), and supply technical support to others as required. Act as the main point of contact with customers (internal and external) and/or suppliers and collaborators in assigned areas on Materials engineering matters, to resolve a full range of problems and issues and to maintain awareness in both parties of priorities and objectives. Degree in Material science, chemistry or similar discipline, or significant industrial experience Knowledge in non metallic materials, paints and or lubricants Some practical experience in Materials Laboratory or similar environment Some experience in Materials Engineering Experience across all aspects of a Materials engineering area/domain and an appreciation of other areas Able to work from first principles Capable of managing projects/work packages This is a fantastic opportunity to become part of one of the most exciting projects in the UK and to further develop your skills. If you believe that the prior details are relevant to your recent work experience then please do not hesitate to apply to this advert with you up to date CV. Alternatively, you can submit your CV.