Title: Aftermarket Sales Engineer
Webindex: 69965829
Company: Concept Recruitment Group Ltd
Description: This company is a leading manufacturer and aftermarket service provider of flow control products and services for the world s most critical applications, employing over **** people across the globe. The companys products include pumps, valves, mechanical seals and related services being one of the biggest suppliers of these products and services. The company serves markets that include Oil and Gas, petroleum refining, power generation (nuclear and fossil), chemical processing and other general industry services where the movement and control of fluids are critical. Customers are in both the public and private sectors, and products are manufactured and sold throughout the world. Due to internal promotion we have a opening for a Sales Engineer  Aberdeen As part of an exceptional team this technical Plan, implement and ensure the area sales forecast is met or exceeded, the sales expenses are well controlled and within budget Support the annual strategic sales plan based on market opportunities consistent with FSG strategic objectives. Offer products at established prices and discounts and in line with FSG total sales and product mix objectives. Follow the PMP process to ensure Goals and Objectives are met or exceeded, identifying shortfalls and seeking training and support where necessary Meet annual financial and nonfinancial goals as agreed by management. Develop and maintain good contacts with the BU s, aftermarket organisation and ISG so customer needs are addressed swiftly Ensure active participation and completion of all company sponsored safety training as scheduled. Drive improved customer satisfaction, place customers first, act as their advocate within the organisation whilst balancing the financial needs of the company. Followup on overdue receivables. Provide active support to Continuous Improvement Process (CIP) initiatives. Provide professional communication and implementation of company s strategies and policies. Qualifications: Extensive proven relevant experience in Mechanical Engineering Repairs and/or Sales. Background in aftermarket development is preferred. Ability and willingness to travel primarily throughout the area of responsibility is required. Demonstrated skills in communication, presentation and influencing. Fluent working knowledge of the English language verbally and in writing. Teamplayer, with well developed interpersonal skills. Proven time management and organizational skills. IT literate MS Office, include Excel skills, Lotus Notes and computerized Sales systems. Ability to develop effective working relationships at all levels within the business. Commitment to implement best practices. Superior multitasking skills, able to manage multiple projects/accounts simultaneously Offer: This post commands an attractive salary and other benefits, including a company car. You will be part of a dynamic international sales team with excellent opportunities to progress within the corporate environment