Title: Electrical Engineering Supervisor (mobile)
Webindex: 66414380
Company: Catch 22.
Description: Our client, a national Facilities Management company is recruiting a Mobile Electrical Engineering Supervisor to cover the London and the SouthEast. Responsibilities;  The have the principle responsibility for the day to day support and mobile delivery , review, audit and the management of the electrical engineers within a define area, to audit and control and effectively supervise the field electrical operatives and support the Electrical Manager and the management team.  To have the responsibility to review, audit and verify the quality and delivery of our specialist subcontract works within their defined areas.  To support the estimation dept in the provision of detailed quotations, specification and business best practice with concise proposals and 'best value' delivery.  To have a significant interface with the Electrical authorising supervisors and the field engineers within the National Mobile business, and to support the performance and delivery of our services.  To ensure that we provide a compliant delivery of Electrical service in guidance of legislation, NICEIC and in guidance of our PPM programmes and reactive SLA's across our accounts. Our services to be delivered in accordance with all associated legislation requirements, engineering policies and procedures, and within agreed financial budgets.  To have the responsible for ensuring electrical engineering compliance, effectiveness and productivity to agreed targets, the managing of our activities with guidance times, and ensuring full compliance with all H S polices and procedures.  To review all Electrical Risk Assessments and Method statements submitted from the field technicians or our preferred 3rd party suppliers, and ensure a consistency in the risk category, content and continuity in presentation prior to submission to our clients.  To provide Electrical technical support to the mobile engineers, and support remedial corrective work programmes, and improvement /betterment works.  To identify and mitigate potential risk in all areas of the Electrical service delivery, and to provide internal support on the review and analysis of internal / external audits by our authorising Supervisors.  To provide daily integration and support to our contracts, clients, operational support 'chain supply' , Estimation and integrate with our remote mobile workforce.  To provide technical guidance within estimation, and undertake the review of extra works quotations / recommendations to ensure compliance with regulations.  To provide Continuous improvement of the business processes and procedures to deliver consistent standards of service, to meet and exceed our customer's expectations.  To focus on service deliver and to achieve customer satisfaction within agreed service levels.  Manage your personal workloads to ensure maximum productivity and effective time management  Endeavour to achieve targets and deadlines.  Encourage continued internal self delivery of our specialist mobile Electrical business This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectricalEngineeringSupervisormobile_job****