Title: Mechanical Engineer  Mechanical Handling
Webindex: 68180876
Company: Cubiq Recruitment Ltd
Description: Responsible Mechanical Engineer  Nuclear Wolverhampton To **** We are currently seeking a Mechanical Engineer to join a leading engineering services business delivering high reliability mechanical handling systems to a number of safety critical industries. Delivering mechanical design and production of design documentation to quality, time and budget you will also take responsibility for managing packages of work, managing mechanical design delivering team and interfaces with others (Stress Analysis, CE I, Safety, Manufacturing and Project Management). You will be required to undertake a variety of mechanical designs associated with the design, test, substantiation and installation of high integrity mechanical plant and systems. Support the engineering manager in major business activities and special projects. Supervise and support others in engineering. You will be directly responsible for ensuring technical accuracy and that design projects are delivered satisfying time, quality and cost and will liaise with C I, safety and analysis personnel to optimise design solutions. Responsibilities:  Determining overall requirements in terms of cost, time, resource and technical content of mechanical design with the Manager. Design and formulate plans which satisfy these requirements in conjunction with allocated staff.  Providing mechanical design input to tenders, consistent with the job holders level of experience.  Producing mechanical designs which satisfy technical content, timelines, cost and satisfies company standards and procedures.  Coordinate and manage all engineering activities on allocated projects or part projects as required.  Undertake mechanical design tasks, particularly the design and analysis of mechanisms and mechanical plant.  Being responsible for the development of allocated junior staff as appropriate.  Leading discussions with internal and external customers and suppliers in order to ensure that programmes are delivered to specification, cost and time.  Coordinating with other areas within the business in order to ensure the provision of appropriate design support commitment.  Keeping abreast of latest technology and identify technology developments and resources appropriate to the business needs and engineering activities.  Supervise small multi disciplined teams to achieve project deliverables.  Writing comprehensive reports, proposals or recommendations for checking and approval by the supervisor and may support the supervisor in any technical discussions with outside bodies or customers This is a great opportunity to secure a position within a leading UK engineering firm offering good benefits and long terms professional development opportunities. Please send your CV via the link provided for further details.