Title: Vetronics Engineer Avionics Engineer Vehicle Electronics Engineer
Webindex: 69581101
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Vehicle Electronics/Vetronics Engineer/Automotive Engineer/Avionics Engineer (Vetronics/Avionics/Combat Systems/Battle Systems/Survivability Systems) Perm Salary  ****k plus Benefits As Vetronics Engineer you will responsible for the day to day technical support of the clients Vehicle Electronics , Vetronics, Combat and Battle Systems and will have a proactive, problem solving approach and a strong Electronics Engineering/Vehicle electronics background. In addition you will have regular opprtunities to regularly attend field trails and demonstrations and contribute fully to the future development and analysis/proofing of new vetronics technologies and integration strategies as part of your vital role to support project managers and technical leads in the continuous support and improvement of the vehicle/vetronics, combat, battle and survivability systems. Key Skills Experience: Experienced Vehicle Electronics/Vetronics/Automotive or Avionics Engineer with excellent experience in either the Military, Naval, Defence, Vehicle, Automotive, Space or Aviation Sectors providing Technical/Engineering Support to Electronic Vehicle Systems, Vetronics, Aviation, Defence, Combat, Battle Systems or Survivability Systems. A strong communicator and team player with a genuine interest in a career in the Vetronics and continuial career/professional development and learniung in this field and to develop excellent working and team relationships both internally and with other knowledge experts, suppliers and academics in the field. Abilty to attend field demonstrations and conduct field tests and trials. Relevant academic background or professional certification such as an HND or Degree in Electronics, Science, Communication, Engineering or Automotive Engineering and/or membership of IET, IOP, IMA, BCS etc highly valued, although an equivalent highly relevant professional history will be equally valued. Please note all candidates must be willing and able to undergo full security checks and have been resident in the UK continuously for the last 5 years. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.