Title: Municipal Wastewater Technical Rep  Yorkshire  Up to ****K
Webindex: 66961249
Company: Hammond Recruitment
Description: My client are a speacialist within the Municipal Wastewater sector and they are currently seeking Technical Representative to cover the Yorkshire area. Please see the job spec below: Responsibility for achieving the level of technical service required: You will understand the degree of service required by Water Companies and/or Technical Manager. Ensure all relevant data is available to ascertain product performance. Devise and implement territory plan to meet the contractual requirements of the WCs. Review progress of technical support with TM biweekly. Ensure engineering staff receives technical support for commissioning new sites. Responsibility for the management of a municipal contract: Provide the necessary laboratory and field support required by the WC or TM Maintain contact with the companies clients as agreed with the TM Keep TM informed of any significant changes or developments. Keep engineering informed of any problems with SNF equipment. Responsibility for development of new business in the area: Inform SM and/or Engineering Manager of any potential business  real or otherwise  that may have been noticed or heard of during routine visiting. Plan and organise in conjunction with the WC product evaluations, trials for new plant or product conversion. Plan and organise laboratory work and field trials at new accounts agreed with the TM. Responsibility for weekly and monthly reporting: Submit Technical Service reports for routine maintenance including performance graphs. Maintain and update customer information and site details including polymer preparation equipment. Submit monthly report. As a technical support member: You will understand fully how his/her own activities relate to those of colleagues and the companies strategic objectives. Actively contribute to the technical support team any information or new understanding about products or equipment gleaned in the field Be aware how his/her actions can impact on other departments and the company as a whole. Ensure all activities are carried out in a safe and environmentally aware manner. Salary is up to ****K  VAN Please send your CV to gmillshrguk.com Hammond Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MunicipalWastewaterTechnicalRepYorkshireUpto****K_job****