Title: Project Manager,SIX SIGMA
Webindex: 69082885
Company: PDQ Engineering Recruitment
Description: Job title  Project/Manufacturing SIX SIGMA Black Belt Salary  ********k Location  Hertford Hello We are currently recruiting for a company based in Hertford, Herts who are looking for a Project Engineer / Manager, Lean Manufacturing based Six Sigma Black Belt specialist. This role offers a salary in the range between ********k dependant on experience, and an excellent benefits package 25 days holiday per annum pro rata Pension  RSP company contribution dependent on age and personal contribution, If joined the pension scheme, will receive 4% of basic salary (prorata) to use toward Flexit benefit scheme or can put into pension scheme; plus receives Simply Health care cover at basic level 2x life assurance basic salary (prorata) Critical illness cover Flexi benefit scheme additional 4% of salary to contribute flexibly: gym, dental plan, increased life insurance or health care and smart shopper etc. Please read the job specification below and if this is of interest please reply with a current CV OR call Jamie  PDQ on (Apply online only). General Summary: The VBSS [Value Based Six Sigma] Black Belt Engineer is responsible for implementation of VBSS principles and practice in the business as required. The role reports to the Value Centre VBSS Champion. Scope and Principle Duties: To lead project teams to improve critical business processes and drive financial results. Responsible for scoping projects, developing project plans and business cases, and recruiting, training and or leading project team members. Job Specifications and Work Performed: Responsible for scoping and developing project plans and business cases, and give support in training/leading projects to team members. Lead and improve projects and effectively coordinate these projects with the champions area by identifying opportunities, defining and financially justifying projects, launching projects team with the problem solving methodology, tracking projects status and results, removing and elevating projects barriers. The Black Belt Engineer will be responsible for measurable results by managing the development and maintenance of methods systems to which the project goals, objectives and metrics are being met. Ensure projects are integrated with other business activities, improvement project and business strategy. Provide quantitative data indicating the scope of the operations including forecast sales, net income, total assets controlled, HC, operating budget and other quantitative factor which will be required to track/ measure the impact and success of the project Understand statistical analysis, tools/methodology, project management, continuous improvement, Quality and financial principles Responsibility and Authority: Business Contacts (Internal and External): Internal colleagues/customers Materials or Products: None directly Money and Budgets: None directly Supervisory: No staff supervision. Competencies Needed: Comprehensive experience as Black Belt Engineer, Lean Manufacturing, and Six Sigma Demonstrable ability to lead project teams Strong communication and leadership skills Ability to influence, negotiate, and resolve conflict to reach consensus around common goals. Understanding of statistical analysis tools and methodology, project management, continuous improvement, quality and basic financial principles and application of such to analyze planned activities. Strong computer skills including MS Word, Excel, Powerpoint etc. Proactive, analytical, process driven, with high motivation, self reliance, flexibility and enthusiasm High level of literacy and numeracy Solid background in materials management and supply chain desired Demonstrates the company s core ethical values of honesty, integrity, quality, good citizenship, respect, fairness and accountability in daily work and activities. Look forward to hearing for you