Title: Operations Manager  CES Construction  Birmingham
Webindex: 71194630
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview ESCommercial Sector Purpose of Role To proactively deliver, and wherever possible exceed, the agreed objectives of both Carillion and the client by leading a project team in the planning, development, monitoring and delivery of an integrated design, procurement and construction programme Key Objectives of the Role External Ensure that the client fully understands the skills that they are procuring by taking a lead role in the Work Winning effort that will secure the contract Ensure that the project is delivered as agreed with the client by effectively overseeing all issues around risks, contracts and communications In line with Carillion s Values and Sustainability agenda, to determine and deliver the appropriate quality and style for the project(s), and thus ensure that the reputation of the Business Unit nbsp;is enhanced with the local community, delivery partners and, most of all, the client Internal To have overall responsibility to ensure that everyone on site, including his/her team, are working in accord with Carillion s Target Zero Health amp; Safety Strategy To ensure that all procurement items are identified and adequately placed with the procurement department to enable the contract programme to be carried out. To take the lead in ensuring the effective management of performance, training and budgets, to ensure that the project is cashpositive, well coordinated and runs in accord with the agreed contract programme Job Level Overview Subject to functional policy objectives and/or general business direction, the Job Holder will work within broadly defined policies and objectives. nbsp;He/She will demonstrate a detailed grasp of involved practices and procedures and will normally possess either an appropriate professional, or academic quqlification. The Job Holder s performance will have either a small impact on plc performance, or a medium impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Delivers elements within their Business Unit plan to achieve current year s performance Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 12 years Manages activities to support operational delivery and growth for their Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines Maintains effective internal and external client or user relationships within own area of responsibility Delivers Health and Safety policy and standards Implements Business Unit decisions and sets local priorities Applies high level technical skills across a range of functional or business activities Focuses on providing input to the annual business, financial and people plan for the specific contract, project or specialism Financial Accountabilities Within a Business Unit or a professional function: Works within clear budgetary guidelines Translates plans and requirements into realistic budgets and targets for subteams Promotes innovative ways to add value and reduce costs within the team. May contribute to budget planning Directs Level 1 projects People Accountabilities For a contract or multidisciplinary team: Responsible for the overall resourcing Optimises performance Undertakes performance reviews and provides training, reward and succession recommendations Full management control of people resources and is responsible for implementing disciplinary actions up to and including dismissal. Knowledge and Applied Skills Possesses knowledge of one complex functional or business area Track record of success in supporting a major business contract, Business Unit or region and/or providing support to a professional function Likely to have in excess of 5 years managerial and/or technical experience. Member of a Professional Body with Intermediate Level Qualifications as a minimum. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information As part of the role will be site based, this will require the use of safety equipment and compliance with all safety regulations. The role is mobile, and the job holder will be expected to work at all locations within reasonable daily travelling distance as there will be frequent travel and nonstandard hour working during both tender and construction phases. The requirements of the project may mean that the job holder needs to work extended hours (e.g. evenings and weekends) on occasion (e.g. at the final tender stage, at completion of each phase of the project, or when resolving any defects or disputes).