Title: Maintenance Engineer (electrical bias)
Webindex: 68684681
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Maintenance Engineer (electrical bias) Chesterfield ****  ****  Double Day Shift  25 days holiday  Training  Overtime  Pension Are you an experienced maintenance engineer with an electrical bias from a manufacturing or production background? Are you looking to work for a highly established and progressive company who are unrivalled in their market place? This company have been established for over 100 years and manufacture niche products supplying to some of the biggest names in the business. With investment implemented recently this business is rapidly going from strength to strength. With active expansion across the site they are now in a position to recruit an experienced maintenance engineer to ensure the smooth running of this heavy manufacturing plant with involvement in projects, PPM and reactive maintenance on a string of bespoke machinery. You will be challenged daily in this varied role and in return the company are offering job security along with a good salary package coupled with training on state of the art machinery. This role would ideally suit a maintenance engineer with an electrical bias from a manufacturing background looking for a new challenge within a progressive business. The company will provide continuous training on their special purpose machinery and can offer the right applicant the chance to really propel their career within a heavy manufacturing enviroment. The Role Maintenance of all machinery on site Electrical and some mechanical based work Working with Hydraulic and Pneumatic machinery Maintaining state of the art bespoke machinery PPM Working Continental Double Day Shift The Person Maintenance engineer with an electrical bias Will have a manufacturing or production background Competent in Hydraulic, Pneumatic and electrical fault finding Engineering Qualification Some Mechanical Knowledge If you are interested in this position, please send your CV to matthew.harrisrisetechnical.co.uk Maintenance, Engineer, plant, multi skilled, press/punch shop, tubeforming, drilling equipment, extrusion, injection, electrical, fabrication, controls, production, engineering, component, shift, electrical, mechanical, technician, shift engineer, special purpose, control panels, PLC, Siemens, Mitsubishi, conveyers, fmcg, manufacturing, extruders, production, extrusion, allen Bradley, service, technician, heavy, ppm, line, drawings, This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from engineering candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MaintenanceEngineerelectricalbias_job****