Title: Development Engineer  Continuous Improvement
Webindex: 67946741
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction We are currently recruiting for a Development Engineer  Continuous Improvement, to work within a leading Medical Device Company based in Oxfordshire. This role will be responsible for developing and improving existing products within the business Important Experience as a CI Engineer, developing amp; improving existing products ideally within Medical Devices or Pharmaceuticals. The Job Key Responsibilities: To be responsible for producing effective improvements to existing products to agreed costs and timescales, highlighting any concerns or deviations from plan to line management in a timely manner to support the discussion and development of recovery strategies. To liaise with production divisions to develop solutions to issues arising during the course of production. To produce all necessary detailed CAD, engineering drawings, reports and plans for the above to the relevant applicable standards. Customer liaison, as required, to support the requirements of a project. To plan and coordinate activities to ensure compliance to procedure and regulations as required. To act as the lead in improvement projects as required and be specifically responsible for all design and development related activities in them. To assist in the compilation and estimation of costs in support of continuous improvement activities. Any such other duties as may be relevant to the progress of the department. Knowledge and Expertise: Experience within Medical Device or regulated industry  Desirable Experience in problem solving in a manufacturing environment involving plastic injection moulding  Desirable Highly computer literate eg Excel/Word and PowerPoint  Essential Experience in using SolidWorks CAD  Desirable Ability to produce technical reports  Essential Experience of quality management systems  Essential Ability to confidently deal with people of all levels  Essential Qualifications: Relevant Degree, Qualification or proven experience within the plastics industry  Essential Personal Characteristics: Effective team worker, equally able to work on their own Excellent presentation skills Highly selfmotivated/self starter/resilient Strong communication skills Excellent attention to detail To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK