Title: Maintenance Engineer 2345M1GG
Webindex: 68711283
Company: Pioneer Selection
Description: Overview: Part of a leading global manufacturer this food company is now looking for a Maintenance Engineer to join its expanding team. With heavy investment within its engineering function this is an exciting time to join the business who can offer a fantastic package. The Company: This leading food manufacturer has been supplying our demand for high quality produce in all major retailers. With a growing work force well into the thousands and a turnover in the tens of millions they have now become one of the world’s leading producers in its market. Established over half a century ago they are now enjoying further growth and have now diversified its product range. They are now looking for a Maintenance Engineer to join their team of excellent employees and are offering a package unrivalled in its field. The Role of a Maintenance Engineer: The responsibilities of a Maintenance Engineer in the factory will be to look at both the planned and reactive maintenance as well as assisting all production staff on a daily basis. A continual focus on improving the line and making sure downtime is reduced will also play large part of the role and will be involved in key projects surrounding this matter. Key Skills: If you would like to be considered for the role of Maintenance Engineer you will be a qualified engineer with an electrical bias. Working on a variety of machinery you will have a previous experience in a manufacturing facility. You must possess the required electrical skills teamed with strong PLC skills, programming is not a necessity however you must understand the principles of fault finding as well as being able to conduct basic modifications. Benefits: Overtime  bonus  pension  private healthcare Salary: up to **** Commutable from: Reading, Berkshire, Salisbury, Wiltshire, Basingstoke, Hampshire, Camberley, Surrey Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a: Electrical Engineer, Maintenance Technician, Engineering Technician and Maintenance Fitter If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Alternatively for further details contact George Georgiades on;  **** or Email: cvpioneerselection.co.uk Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MaintenanceEngineer2345M1GG_job****