Title: Project Manager (Price Review Assets)
Webindex: 67957918
Company: Calco Services Limited
Description: As Price Review Assets Project Manager you will support the running of the full programme of activities associated with the production of regulatory submissions within the water industry. Working closely with the Water Programme Management Team you will support and coordinate the preparations for the development, review and ultimate delivery of the relevant aspects of the Company s Strategic Direction Statement, Draft Investment Cycle Business Plans. As Project Manager you will be responsible for ensuring that the Delivery Work stream project plans is well managed and well understood, monitoring performance against plan within the delivery work stream, coordinate the delivery work stream budget/forecast position along with supporting the successful joint working relationships with relevant parties across the business. Of graduate calibre, you will either be qualified to degree level or have equivalent experience in a Science, Engineering, Economics or Business discipline. You will have a demonstrable track record of working in a regulated environment with project management and planning experience, preferably for regulatory submissions such as a Price Review. We are looking for an individual who has proven programme and project management capabilities along with a strong understanding or risk and governance. You will have excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively with a wide range of colleagues, stakeholders and crossfunctional project teams. This is a Fixed Term Contract until March 2014. Calco apologise that we cannot respond to all applicants personally and only those who match the criteria of the client will be contacted. Calco Services operates as both an employment business and agency. If your application is for a position based in the UK or EU, under European Employment Law you MUST be eligible to live and work there.