Title: Senior Design Engineer J****
Webindex: 66744048
Company: Bulldog Engineering Recruitment
Description: Overall Business Responsibilities: The principal role of the Senior Design Engineer is to undertake design and engineering support activities. This involves a thorough understanding of the design processes within the company working in a truly multidisciplinary role, liaising closely with colleagues across a number of functions, including operations, purchasing and manufacturing as well as external customers. This exciting position, requires an experienced Senior Design Engineer, in addition as 80% of the company’s projects are International, the successful candidate could be required to travel internationally (US, Asia, Brazil, South America, Europe) on an occasional basis. Key Competencies and Experience: Ability to work and contribute in a team environment. Excellent communicator with strong written, verbal and visual communication style. Creative problem solving approach. Selfmotivated, selfstarting and highly organized with the ability to work unsupervised. Innovative, creative thinker with the ability to design bespoke turnkey and standard products. Proven ability to deliver multiple designs all at different stages. Ability to work on a variety of design projects of varying duration. Adaptable to change, with a dynamic approach, think on feet and challenge the norm. Experience of integrating quality into designs, ideally worked with ISO standards. Commercially aware with ability to liaise with customers regarding requirements and project updates. Proven track record of working under pressure to deliver quality work at pace. Ideally experience of delegating and managing work of Junior Design Engineers. Occasional travel UK/International. Qualifications and Technical Skills: Standalone Design Management experience working to a high level on multiple engineering designs. Degree in Mechanical Engineering. Engineering Design and analytical skills, e.g. DFMEA, calculations using engineering standards. 3D modelling expertise, e.g.: SolidWorks. Awareness of the selection of materials e.g.: composite, ferrous, nonferrous, plastics,etc and finishes. Understanding of fundamental principles behind design decisions gained in industrial/automation environment in special purpose machinery, bespoke and turnkey engineering solutions, e.g.: DFM and DFA. Summary Package: up to ****K excellent benefits.