Title: Technical Team Leader
Webindex: 68804052
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview FMHealth Purpose of Role To assist the Estates Management Team in delivering a customer focussed cost effective and efficient Estates Service. This includes Planned Maintenance, nbsp;Reactive Maintenance and other Estates Services as required in order to meet its contractual and legal obligations. Key Objectives of the Role Organise and Manage directly employed staff and specialist subcontractors, to ensure efficient and effective execution of planned and reactive maintenance. Assist in the recruitment, selection and ongoing development of personnel, ensuring induction and appropriate training is delivered. Take an active role in communications, undertaking job chats, team talks etc. Ensure all staff work in accordance with Work Instructions, Safe Working Practices and Method Statements ensuring relevant paperwork is completed in an accurate timely manner. Ensure reactive tasks are responded to within the requirement of the service level specification. Ensure planned tasks are undertaken in accordance with the maintenance plan. Manage minor improvement works. Maintain stock control systems. Maintain the cleanliness of plant rooms, workshops and storage areas. Work safely, ensuring the safety and well being of yourself, colleagues, customers and visitors. Job Level Overview The Job Holder is subject to managerial control and the job is generally subject to practices and procedures that have clear precedents, or are covered by closely defined policies. The Job Holder may be part qualified and will certainly possess some specialised skills that may have been gained through on the job experience. The Job Holder s performance will have either a minimal impact on plc performance, or a very small impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Accountable for the completion of standard or nonstandard tasks, within the scope of the function Delivers activities to support operational objectives for their role Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically up to 6 months Makes decisions within parameters set by manager, using job/specialist experience Interacts with client or users around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Supervises the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility Focus of work on the completion of a set of related tasks for a particular section or service with the ability to accommodate new tasks Financial Accountabilities Identifies ways to reduce cost Work within a given budget, usually without authorised spend of their own People Accountabilities Required to supervise a small team Coordinates available resource to deal with the work in hand Required to assist less experienced staff Undertakes the performance reviews and provides training recommendations Responsible for performance management issues and recommending disciplinary actions. Knowledge and Applied Skills Working knowledge of one functional area through job experience amp; training Likely to have 25 years business experience, be a minimum partqualified professional, and have a Certificate Level of Qualification as a minimum. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information Health Sector, PFI and electrical engineering nbsp;experience required. AP duties will form part of this role and training will be provided for this. As part of the Estates Team this role will incorporate some oncall responsiblity.