Title: Probability Safety Assessment Engineer  ****k
Webindex: 66595856
Company: Hays Specialist Recruitment Ltd   Hays En
Description: Probability Safety Assessment Engineer Newcastle based Salary up to ****  competitive benefits package My client has operated their nuclear business for over 40 years, and today they are leading the renaissance in nuclear power. They have operations based in the UK, Europe, the Middle East and North America, and are fully engaged on the development of the next generation of nuclear power stations. In order to enhance their Probabilistic Safety Assessment (PSA) capability they are currently recruiting a number of PSA engineers to be based out of their Newcastle office. Key Responsibilities:  Conduct PSA tasks and projects, either working individually or as part of a team.  Understand nuclear safety principles and the role of PSA within a nuclear safety case.  Support the development and maintenance of nuclear safety cases.  Provide a point of contact for clients while maintaining good relationships.  Execution of high quality work to time, quality, budget and customer satisfaction.  Plan and manage own work within associated project budgets.  Engage with clients in order to understand technical needs and task requirements.  Identify areas to improve efficiency and bring innovation where possible.  Continually develop technical knowledge and competence in field of expertise. Knowledge/Experience Required:  Suitable scientific or engineering degree or equivalent industrial experience.  Sound technical / engineering background.  Experience of working in a safety case environment, such as in the nuclear, defence, petrochemical, aviation, rail or maritime industries.  Experience of working directly with clients.  Knowledge and experience of the application of more than one of the following techniques:  Probabilistic Safety Analysis (Level 1)  Fault Schedule Development  Fault and Event Tree Analysis  Proficiency in the use of a dedicated PSA software tool (e.g. RiskSpectrum)  FMEA and FMECA  Human Reliability Analysis (e.g. HEART)  Hazard Identification and Assessment (HAZID, HAZOP)  Reliability/Availability/Maintainability modelling and prediction  Risk Assessment Studies  Root Cause Analysis of system failures In return you can expect a salary of up to **** and a comprehensive range of benefits. All levels of experience will be considered, from senior practitioners through to junior engineers. If you believe you have the necessary knowledge, experience and enthusiasm to succeed in this position, then we would like to hear from you. Please contact Mason Nathaniel on **** **** ****Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk