Title: Shift Engineer (Automated Logistics)
Webindex: 69082838
Company: ESB Recruitment
Description: Continental shifts) We are currently recruiting for a new distribution centre near Derby  the ****sq ft warehouse is fully automated for the handling of garments and retail stock. The site features some of the latest technology in the warehousing industry including automated storage and retrieval systems and sophisticated warehouse management systems guaranteeing delivery accuracy. Now stating to recruit engineers for the garment hanging section; The Shift Engineer will carry out reactive and preventative maintenance to the engineering works in the Hanging Garments at Castle Donington. Duties can be explained as follows (but not limited to):  Coaching and leadership of the Engineering Assistants on shift.  Close working and assistance to the Duerkopp and PSB service engineers.  Carrying out of hanging garment preventative maintenance activities  Daily shift coverage for hanging garment reactive maintenance and troubleshooting.  Work with the Engineering Team leader and Assistant Team Leader to coordinate all efforts and recommend modifications on the hanging garment systems  Work towards achieving system, engineering and personal KPI s  Fulfilling of all personal safety regulations for the hanging garment engineering, according to local laws and regulations  Daily liaison with the site operational leaders to share work plans and requirements  Shift log/incidents analysis.  Support for other members of the team  Support for the Assistant Engineering Team Leader, filling in for his duties as required. Skills: Being self motivated and focused Problem solving Mentoring junior members Stress management Being a good communicator Being decisive Being technical and analytic People management Being proactive and flexible Administration and organisation Being adaptable Education: Essential:  GCSE/O Level qualifications in maths and English  A recognised apprenticeship in an appropriate engineering discipline.  Recognised cross training from Mechanical to Electrical Engineering of vice versa  Minimum ONC/OND level qualification in an appropriate engineering discipline. Desirable:  Qualified to IEE Wiring Regulations 17th Edition.  Health & Safety qualifications