Title: DESIGN ENGINEER (Power Generation)
Webindex: 72393498
Company: Jarvis King Associates Ltd
Description: We have been exclusively appointed to work in partnership with an organisation who has been voted the UK s Sunday Times Best Big Companies to Work For over the past 10 years. This is an international, employeeowned company with over **** staff worldwide who are continually winning commercial and industry awards and are in the enviable position of hiring and seeking many talented profesisonals to join their busy Civils team in Scotland (Glasgow specifically). Job Description A knowledge of UK Codes of Practice and British Standards, experience with the use of Eurocodes would be an advantage. The design of engineering works in reinforced concrete and structural steelwork, the ability to carry out hydraulic calculations relating to large diameter pipelines and water intake structures would be an advantage. The preparation, in English, of Specifications and Minimum Functional Specifications for the civil/structural engineering aspects of power projects. To represent the civil subunit in multi discipline teams of engineers and to be able to communicate with and lead as necessary. To carry out design the review of EPC contractors submissions relating to power plant construction based on a sound knowledge of building and plant requirements. To assist in liaising with and developing relations with clients both internal and external clients. To assist in liaising with EPC contractors and utilities. To assist in project administration. To act as Project Manager and carry out bid preparation, planning, budgeting, the control of internal resources and subcontractors. To offer support to site staff on an ad hoc basis. Candidate Specification A civil/structural engineer with CEng status and an interest in the design and development of the civil and structural engineering aspects of power generation and distribution projects. Applying for the Job Unless otherwise stated, when applying for a job, you should ensure that you are already authorised to work in the country where the role is located.