Title: MultiSkilled Maintenance Engineer
Webindex: 60422324
Company: Support Services Group 
Description: MultiSkilled Maintenance Engineer  **** ****k inc shift allowance Tyne and Wear The Job Opportunity This is an excellent job opportunity for an experienced MultiSkilled Maintenance Engineer to work in an exciting and challenging role, for a global engineering company, within the Tyne and Wear area. Skills: Main Duties To ensure that production equipment is effectively maintained to support production activity. Conduct reactive repairs to plant equipment and lead route cause investigations on breakdowns. TPM reduce breakdown time. To coordinate the Shift Maintenance Technicians Ensure that all maintenance records & reporting systems are maintained Fault finding and diagnostics on hydraulic, pneumatic, electrical and PLC systems (Siemens S**** and S**** modifications) Machine installation and modification To provide onsite technical knowledge for machinery, processes & health & safety. To assist the Head of Maintenance in continuous improvement projects and improving equipment, material and process efficiency. Ensuring high standards of workmanship & quality are generated from each member of the shift team To work within FES guidelines and targets including GAP structure. Hydraulic Press equipment, Benchfitting skills and Welding. Robotic systems and Inverter systems Test equipment and machine diagrams and drawings Electrical heating systems and chiller systems Feedback systems e.g. Encoder and Instrumentation (PID) Qualifications: Qualifications and Experience Required: Qualified to HNC level in Mechanical or Electrical Engineering or equivalent Minimum of 2 years post qualified experience gained within a high volume manufacturing environment. Computer literacy advantageous Experience of training and developing maintenance and production personnel. Must be prepared to work reasonable overtime and respond to short notice emergency call outs as required. ExecEngineers welcome applications from candidates of all ages. However, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Due to the high volume of applications we receive, unfortunately, we are unable to provide individual feedback on applications. We may also keep your details on file and contact you in the future regarding relevant career opportunities. PROFILE OF EXEC ENGINEERS RECRUITMENT ExecEngineers Ltd recruit for a plethora of permanent, temporary and interim jobs in the Technical Engineering & Manufacturing industries. Our key strengths lie within the Automotive, Aerospace, Chemical / Process, Pharmaceutical, Energy, Oil & Gas, Electronics, Software, Food & Drink, F.M.C.G and Marine markets. We place a broad spectrum of professionals from areas as diverse as design, purchasing, planning, maintenance, production, operations, management, supply chain, software development and hardware engineering. Follow us on Twitter execengineers Keywords: multiskilled maintenance electrical mechanical engineer