Title: Pump Service Engineer  Basingstoke
Webindex: 68840972
Company: Hunt4Staff.com
Description: Our client has provided over 60 years of service to the petroleum and fuelling industries. Regularly supporting in excess of 2000 sites on a contractual basis our client is now looking to recruit a Pump Service Engineer to cover the Basingstoke region. The successful Pump Field Service Engineer will have some experience working on fuel pumps (or demonstrable experience working on pumping equipment for other industries). Covering the Basingstoke area, the role naturally involves a lot of travel with the ability to deal directly with clients, responding swiftly and efficiently to callouts, ensuring pump faults & general servicing are carried out and to a high standard. The Pump Service Engineer will be a confident communicator with excellent customer service skills and the ability to work alone, managing your own workload. The successful applicant will work 8.30am &ndash 5pm Monday to Friday with every 3rd Saturday contracted for rota cover. In addition a Sunday rota is operated for some major clients. Hunt4Staff is operating as a recruitment advertising partner.&nbsp As such, every application will be passed directly to our client.&nbsp As a candidate, you can be confident your application will reach the recruiting decision maker. Your duties as a Pump Field Service Engineer will include: Diary / route planning & working on own initiative to carry out daily workload. Carry out engineering works to fuel pumps and fuel management systems as required by either service contract or fault notification. Order & return of spares & servicing equipment to head office as appropriate. Maintain work equipment & vehicle in accordance with company policy. The ideal Candidate will have the following skills and qualities: Experience of working on fuel pumps or another type of pumping equipment. Experience dealing with customers face to face. Good IT skills (previous experience using a PDA or similar would be of great benefit). Hold a full UK driving licence. Salary and Reward Package: Salary up to &pound20k  &pound****k depending on experience. Regular overtime (depending on rota) is paid on top of this &ndash resulting in a salary of up to &pound30k. 20 days annual leave plus statutory. Vehicle provided for work use. Pension scheme. Key words &ndash water pumps, sewage pumps, food pumps, pumping equipment, field service, field engineer, Forecourt