Title: Manufacturing Engineer / Production Engineer (Precious Metals)
Webindex: 69743617
Company: Verticality Ltd
Description: Manufacturing Engineer / Production Engineer (Precious Metals) Our client, part of a FTSE 250 group, is a leading supplier of fabricated precious metals, (primarily gold, silver and platinum) to the jewellery industry in the UK, France and Spain. Products include alloy materials, semifinished jewellery components and finished jewellery. Position: Production Engineer Location: Birmingham Salary: Up to ****k DOE Benefits: Pension scheme, life assurance. ROLE: The Manufacturing Engineer / Production Engineer will assist in evaluating, developing and improving existing manufacturing processes and equipment within the Company and investigating any new opportunities for the business in line with health, safety and environmental implications. You will also be required to assist in the maintaining and monitoring of the required control measures, i.e. ISO management systems. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Ensure manufacturing processes are reviewed and developed to timeframe in line with Company objectives. b) Continually develop and improve manufacturing processes to ensure maximum productivity. c) Help identify and resolve quality issues within production processes. d) Implement, monitor and ensure Company ISO management systems are maintained, updated and developed in line with Company objectives. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Engineering Degree and a sound working knowledge of manufacturing processes with a proven track record of process development and improvement using lean and **** Sigma principles. b) Proficient with CAD. c) A good understanding of health, safety and environmental issues and regulations. d) Excellent communication skills with the ability to present data effectively. e) Proactive, methodical and well organised. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) **** Sigma Green Belt certification. b) Experience of ISO management system implementation or monitoring. c) Exposure to the metals manufacturing industry. You may have experience of the following: Production Engineer, **** Sigma, Black Belt, Prince II, ISO, Prince **** ISO 9000, Management System Standards, Project Manager, Business Improvement, Production Engineer, CAD, Manufacturing Engineer, Computer Aided Design, Process Engineer, Green Belt, Kaizen, Project Engineer, Six Sigma, Machine Operator, CNC Milling, etc This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK’s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.