Title: Team manager  Assembly
Webindex: 72444207
Company: PATERSON RECRUITMENT
Description: To be responsible for running the assembly operation, ensuring that production is run efficiently, meeting objectives and requirements in accordance with the Company quality, health safety and environmental procedures. Key Responsibilities:  Manage operational activities to meet work requirements.  Maintain healthy, safe and productive working conditions.  Monitor and control the allocation and use of resources.  Selection, recruitment and training of Associates.  Implement and maintain quality systems.  Lead the work of team to achieve objectives.  Manage the performance of team members.  Create effective working relationships to achieve objectives.  Identify and implement improvements to work activities and processes. While the above key responsibilities are the main elements of the titled job the Team Manager may at times be requested to carry out other tasks deemed to be within his capabilities. Financial Responsibilities: P L responsibility for the Perceval assembly operation. People Management: Management responsibility for a team of up to twelve semi skilled production Associates:  Performance appraisals  Managing absence  Addressing poor performance and discipline  Team building Additional Authority:  Production scheduling  Staffing levels(overtime)  Staff discipline up to second stage of the process Knowledge and Expertise: Most Important: Will be initially leading a manual team, before implementing an automated assembly system. Not looking for an engineer, but must have mechanical aptitude. Essential that they have Team Management experience in a regulated environment. Desirable  Previous automated assembly experience  Previous experience in a medical manufacturing environment  Essential  Proven experience in manufacturing industry  Proven supervisory/management skills  Computer literate Qualifications:  HNC in a technical discipline  Desirable  First line management qualification Personal Characteristics:  Good organiser  Self motivated  Able to work on own initiative  Have a ‘can do’ attitude  Methodical and logical approach to problem solving This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TeammanagerAssembly_job****