Title: Mechanical Design / Project Engineer Permanent x****
Webindex: 71818347
Company: VGC
Description: My client are currently looking to add 3 Mechanical Design Engineers to their team in Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire on a permanent basis starting ASAP. JOB PURPOSE: The effective management/undertaking of projects and operational support. Ensuring on time, in budget success of projects. APPROACH: Flexible handson providing KEY TASKS: (In addition to these functions employees are required to carry out other duties as may reasonably be required) Ensure the successful management/undertaking of projects from concept, design, through to handover. Specifically to oversee the specification, planning, implementation and evaluation aspect of projects. Actively follow, implement and evolve the departmental procedures. To solve problems and snag issues as they arise. To produce, and evaluate product designs, concepts, and prototypes. To oversee commissioning, and handover of products, machinery and processes. Assisting with the preparation and monitoring of project budgets and cashflow. Effective communication and coordination of customers and suppliers as and when required. (N/E) To provide technical support to sales, customers and production. Ensure a close working relationship with sales ensuring that customer needs are met. To provide technical expertise for external visits, meetings, conferences, sales presentations etc To provide support to the Product Development team, and assist others in achieving their objectives. Facilitate Operational activities  ensure an appropriate level of operational/ production support. E.g. work instructions, job packs, hands on assistance, problem solving etc The preparation of technical documents/reports/presentations for both internal and external use. Ensure technical specifications are available for all relevant project and production equipment/ materials. The ensure the adequate preparation of any relevant job packs and drawings for production purposes. (N/E) Oversee/ facilitate the testing department, to support a wide range of projects and customer requirements. (N/E) To become familiar with and use various test equipment in the development of products. (N/E) To help maintain and help run the test facilities. Utilizing your experience of manufacturing to ensure design for manufacture , GENERAL Contribute towards the formulation and implementation of the Company s strategy. Facilitate the creation and implementation of departmental objects and ideas for improvement. To follow/ implement the departmental procedures throughout work. Ensure a professional, quality service (external and internal) is provided at all times. Be conversant with and adhere to the Company s Health, Safety, Quality and Environmental Policies and all other Company Rules and Policies. Liaise closely with the Quality Department to ensure that good health, safety, quality and environmental practice is taken into account throughout the process, from concept right through to design and implementation. Liaise closely with relevant departments to ensure effective communication, and coordination regarding all aspects of projects. Continually look for ways to improve, eg, processes, procedures, test equipment, etc . Specific (N/E) To produce C.N.C programs. To produce drawings for projects and operational support. (N/E) To facilitate the implementation of production/ quality info in Jobshop.The client are in a position to interview and offer at short notice. If this position is of interest please send in your CV for consideration