Title: Plant Launch Engineer (ETO)
Webindex: 71291068
Company: Arrk Europe Ltd
Description: The Department ETO Plant Launch is part of the ETO Programme Management organisation. Plant Launch are responsible for the launch activities, which includes leading and supporting Complex Quality projects ,****Fs, build support, PCPA and all prototype preproduction build phases. Launch provides a key interface between plant and home base ETO and liaison with the plant with, AME, STA and suppliers. Key Responsibilities Support delivery of quality scorecard objectives Analysis of customer data, predominantly using PAWS / AIMS / FMS Support of engineering related projects to resolution using a structured approach to derive an engineering solution. Lead workstreams with suppliers to develop engineering changes to the product and deliver manage the change solutions in a ****/**** production facility. Coach work with suppliers to achieve quality targets following the ETO supplier quality process Lead activities throughout launch of in cycle product model year changes Lead activities to engage with core product development and PVT teams, working to deliver final data judgement deliverables. Includes virtual build, prototype build, BoM validation, AIMS/release progress review of key component commodity plans. Support lead problem solving issue identification during preproduction builds Implement alerts, in process containments rework instructions as required to support product launch Good communication networking with ETO functions, suppliers, plant PVT is essential. Skills Required Experience of data analysis and/ or statistical techniques, preferably sixsigma Green Belt trained Knowledge of quality data systems, including AWS, PAWS, CQI and JD Powers. Knowledge of systems such as WERS, AIMS, High level of IT literacy. Proven ability to manage multiple assignments projects. Committed, self motivated and ability to deliver under pressure with minimal supervision. Excellent verbal and written communication skills required to enable communication across all levels of the business. Experience Required Whole Vehicle Programme management and Launch experience. Specific process knowledge ideally gained in Product Development environment. Knowledge of key manufacturing process and how they are integrated to the Vehicle development process Education Required Degree level of education preferably an engineering discipline ARRK Europe Ltd operates as anEmployment Business and Employment Agency. We are an independent highlyexperienced recruitment consultancy dedicated tospecialist markets within the Renewable Energy, Transportation, Defence andAerospace sectors. No terminology withinthis advert is intended to unlawfully discriminate on the grounds of age, sex,race or disability and we welcome all applications.