Title: Structural and Stress Engineer
Webindex: 68180178
Company: Ceema Technology Recruitment Limited
Description: My client is a leading light in the Defence industry with a truly global presence. Their work is at the cuttingedge and they are enjoying continued success with contract wins. In order to support exciting projects, this prestigious employer requires skilled Engineering Professionals to enhance their highlyqualified engineering teams. Currently, there exists a vacancy for an experienced, highcalibre Structural / Stress Engineer who is seeking long term career growth with an opportunity to further develop these disciplines within the company. This is both a Leadership and a handson position. The role requires a broad knowledge of Structural and Stress Engineering, providing specific SME oversight, leadership and management support across these disciplines. The successful Structural / Stress Engineer will be a Team player but will also have the ability to work on their own initiative; to direct and manage staff within their chain of responsibility; they will enjoy considerable autonomy of operation but will, in return, be wholly responsible for programme success within their specialisation. Candidates will have structural / stress engineering experience, from largescale, ideally MoD Land System projects, of maintaining Structural integrity of components and full scale systems from initial concepts through design and developments to Certification and InService use and update The role also requires the practical experience of applying that knowledge and experience and offering suggestions and direction to the programme, other specialist engineers and to the customer. The successful Structural / Stress Engineer will have drive and be enthusiastic about change and challenge with ambition for business and the personal success. In return, my client offers a full career with potential for technical and/or management advancement, supported by commitment to ongoing professional training. The Structural / Stress Engineer will report to the Head of Structural Integrity but may be tasked and directed on a daytoday basis by Chief Engineers on the various projects. This is an excellent permanent opportunity with a leading, international company. The Structural / Stress Engineer role offers an attractive salary, plus an excellent benefits package and working conditions. There is a full job description available to suitable candidates. Please apply to this advert to find out more about this exciting opportunity. NASTRAN, PATRAN, FEA, composites, defence, defense, aerospace, AFV, rugged terrain