Title: Non Production Asset Manager
Webindex: 69090336
Company: Omega Resource Group Ltd
Description: ASSET MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL NONPRODUCTION INVENTORY Location: Peterborough Asset / Inventory management Professional required for a world leader in the industrial automation industry. You will be working on behalf of the Customer Support and Maintenance capability, which also offers technical support, training, and manufacturing consultancy through other delivery mechanisms, to help provide complete solutions to their customers needs. Within the role you will be embedded on a customer site and play a key role in helping the customer optimise and reduce the cost of nonproduction inventory on site whilst optimising stock utilisation and writing off obsolete stock. This is an exciting opportunity within a Multinational world leading company, to play a key role in its ever developing inventory management capability. The ideal candidate will have: Previous experience in inventory management, vendor managed stock systems and procurement along with a strong analytical and an organisational mindset. Ability to read and understand engineering drawings. Excellent communication skills across all levels within the business, both written and verbal. Proven leadership skills and the ability to work unsupervised must be demonstrated. Previous customer facing experience Proven experience in SAP is desirable. Responsibilities: On site professional management of nonproduction operations, inventory and maintenance. Working with systems that enable the company to track its nonproduction inventory stocks with a strong focus on inventory optimisation and reduction; Liaising with suppliers, sourcing unique products and obtaining quotations; Strive to deliver best total cost of acquisition to the customer from suppliers; Creating purchasing requisitions to enable the central procurement team to place orders; Develop and implement innovative methods to dispose of dead or obsolete inventory items; Liaising with suppliers, obtaining quotations and creating purchasing requisitions to enable the central procurement team to place orders; Providing a single point of contact for nonproduction orders and inventory tracking for the customer; Reducing stock duplication and obsolescence for nonproduction stocks across the customers site; Providing migration, rationalisation and standardisation strategies to drive down inventory costs; Ensuring timely delivery of goods and services to the customers site; Providing monthly financial reports; For more information regarding this role please call Amy Harris on **** **** or send CV to amy.harrisomegaresource.co.uk Omega Resource Group Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.