Title: Informatica Consultant
Webindex: 67151979
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Informatica Consultant required for a leading Consultancy based in London. You will have a strong background in Informatica PowerCentre (ETL) and ideally Informatica DQ. Important Informatica The Job THE ROLE: This is an excellent opportunity for an Informatica Consultant willing to travel and work away from home in a client facing, consulting position. You will work on leading ETL / Informatica projects for a variety of clients that include global Financial Services firms, FMCG, Retail amp; Telco companies as well as the Public Sector. Successful candidates will work on cutting edge and varied Informatica and BI projects throughout the UK. You will be supported with relevant training throughout your career, and internal promotion for driven candidates is strongly encouraged and supported. For this Informatica Consultant position, the ideal candidate will have strong communication and interpersonal skills to liaise between the client and the technical development teams. You will also be involved in some onsite hands on work, so a sound background in Informatica ETL Development using PowerCentre is essential from both a functional and technical perspective. The ideal candidate will also have a sound understanding and experience in another / other Business Intelligence toolsets, such as OBIEE / Oracle, QlikView, MSBI, SAS or Business Objects. EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: For this Informatica Consultant position you will have: Strong experience with Informatica PowerCentre Ideally experience with IDQ Informatica Data Quality Strong understanding of Data Warehouse design Experience with other ETL tools such as AbInitio , SSIS , BODI / BODS , ODI is advantageous Experience with another Business Intelligence toolset such as OBIEE / Oracle, QlikView, MSBI, SAS or Business Objects is highly desirable Strong communication, presentation and interpersonal skills is essential Ability to liaise and work with various stakeholders across different levels of the business SALARY: pound;****k  bonus  benefits For more info on this Informatica Consultant please contact Simon Bath on **** **** I am also on LinkedIn for further information  http://uk.linkedin.com/in/simonbath .