Title: Project Manager  System Integration (Financial Services)
Webindex: 71199987
Company: Resourcing Solutions Limited
Description: Our client is a global leader in the development of smartcard and creative ticketing solutions for the transportation sector. This is a really exciting opportunity to join their business at the start of new product development projects. They are seeking an experienced Project Manager to join their busy Project Management team. You will be tasked with managing the performance and overall completion of single or multiple projects of up to 50M value involving the development, manufacturing, installation of Electronic, ElectroMechanical and Software Systems and equipment. This position offers the opportunity to work at the cutting edge of technology within the transportation sector. With an extensive list of high profile projects you will be exposed to all areas of transportation technologies including the latest innovations in automated fare collection and contactless payments. Continuous variety and guidance from senior members of the team will afford you the opportunity to become a subject matter expert within this sector. In this role, you will be:  Directing projects involving extensive Software Engineering Development  Serving as the primary contact for the customer  Managing, overseeing, monitoring and approving all elements of assigned projects from inception to completion  Reviewing and approving technical approach, feasibility and cost estimates  Planning and managing resource availability for projects including engineering, manpower, production, computer support or installation facilities The ideal candidate will have a degree or equivalent in an Engineering or other technical discipline, supported by a Prince **** qualification and strong experience of full lifecycle Project Management. You will also have experience of managing, building and motivating teams, and good experience of Project Management tools including scheduling, spreadsheets and presentations. In addition, any previous experience of multitiered Software or Engineering Development projects would be highly desirable. For more information, please call Cathy Richardson on **** **** or send your CV to the link provided