Title: Team Leader MEP (Mechanical, Electrical, Process)  Epsom, Surrey
Webindex: 72459611
Company: Randstad
Description: Our Water Operations team is one of the largest in the UK and with clients including highprofile utility companies, local authorities and independent businesses. We have an opportunity for a successful individual to lead and develop a multidisciplinary engineering team in our Mechanical, Electrical and Process team. The role is based in our Wells office in Epsom. The Team Leader role will incorporate two main functions:  The Team Leader will be an experienced engineer, able to contribute to the design and management of technical projects. The type of projects will be varied, including UK Water projects for clients such as Southern Water and Thames Water. It will also offer opportunities to work on projects for industrial, nonwater and Overseas Clients, this aspect will account for approximately 80% of the workload.  The Team Leader will coordinate a team of engineers, holding responsibility for day to day welfare, workload and ongoing appraisal and mentoring. Requirements The successful candidate must be able demonstrate the following;  Degree qualification with either Mechanical, Electrical or Process Engineering bias.  Must be a Chartered Engineer, or within **** year of Chartership through a defined professional development scheme (for example IMechE MPDS).  Significant experience of working in the Water Industry, preferably in both potable and waste water.  Experience of managing or coordinating teams and staff.  Project financial and team management experience.  Strong interpersonal skills.  Robust commercial and consultancy awareness.  A track record of winning and delivering engineering projects.  A track record of stakeholder management. Responsibilities Reporting to the Technical Leader and MEP Operations Director, key responsibilities will be; Technical:  Undertaking technical work, including design, technical checks and reviews  Project management on a variety of engineering projects including scoping, feasibility and design Management:  Management of a multidisciplinary engineering team  Management of allocated staff teams including;  Pastoral care  Workload and productivity management  Mentoring, appraisal and personal development Coordination of Training  Planning and running monthly team meeting  Reporting on team issues at weekly teleconference with Operations Director, Technical Leaders and others. Financial:  Taking responsibility for project finances (where appointed as a Project Manager) and controlling general overheads  Project financial tracking including monthly reporting to Operations Director Sales / Marketing:  Working closely with the MEP Management Team to develop new business initiatives  Networking with Clients to develop new work  Business Development amp; planning for the team  Management and development of bids  Production of Project Marketing documentation Training Atkins develops individuals through a portfolio of training and development activities designed to help you make the best of your abilities and talents. These are reviewed with individuals through an annual appraisal process. We actively support staff in achieving corporate membership of relevant institutions. Rewards and Benefits Please refer to our website for details of our full benefits package. Right to Work The UK Government have taken steps to reduce net migration to the UK by limiting the number of overseas workers from outside the EEA coming to the UK for employment. Please note that whilst we are able to consider applications from overseas workers from outside the EEA ( who require a Tier **** (General) visa) we can only employ them if we can provide evidence that there are no other suitable candidates for this vacancy from inside the EEA. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills water and engineering and wastewater and mechanical and electrical and process and team leader and design and job