Title: Engineering Sales Coordinator  Manufacturing
Webindex: 68700767
Company: Greenhill Group Ltd
Description: European manufacturer seeks bright, organised and well educated Engineering Sales Coordinator Engineering Sales Coordinator  Manufacturing  Cambridgeshire/Suffolk  ****  Bonus  Benefits  ****NL Our client is a leading manufacturer of specialist measurement and controlling equipment, supplying their clients across Europe. With ambitious plans to continue their recent growth, they are looking for an Engineering Sales Coordinator to join their team. Based in their UK office on the Cambridgeshire/Suffolk border, the Engineering Sales Coordinator will perform a broad range of internal sales functions. Key responsibilities include: Generating and following up on technical quotes for prospective clients Responding to enquiries from new and existing businesses via phone and email Check, process and confirm orders, ensuring their system is kept up to date Offer an indepth understanding to offer a high level of customer support Representing the company at seminars, tech days and education events Applicants for the Engineering Sales Coordinator will ideally be educated to degree level (or equivalent) within a science/engineering field. With experience within the market, personally dealing with pressure and flow measurement devices, you will have a keen interest to develop your career within this sector. Applicants will have a great eye for detail, be very organised, ambitious, team orientated and be able to communicate confidently to prospective clients. In return, our client is offering a basic salary range of **** depending on experience, plus a company bonus and a range of benefits. If you feel your skills meet the requirements for this Engineering Sales Coordinator position and you’d like to be considered for the role, apply today. Why not refer a friend for ****? terms and conditions apply Greenhill Group is a Sales, Marketing and Publishing consultancy who operate within East Anglia. Therefore we will only accept applications from candidates who have permanent residency in the UK. Candidates who do not meet this criteria need not apply. If we do not contact you within one week of your application, unfortunately we are not able to assist you in your search for employment at the present time. Greenhill Group only advertise a small proportion of sales, marketing publishing roles on this site. Please take a look at our website or contact us, in confidence, to discuss other opportunities with our experienced sales marketing consultants. Specialties: Sales Recruitment, Sales Executive, Field Sales, External Sales, Sales Manager, Sales Director, Account Manager, Account Executive, Existing Business, Business Development, New Business, Internal Sales, Telesales, Telemarketing, Project Manager, IT sales, Sales Admin, Sales Support, Channel sales, Partner Manager. Product Manager. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EngineeringSalesCoordinatorManufacturing_job****