Title: Systems Integration Engineer
Webindex: 56293959
Company: JOBG8
Description: The role is to be engaged in the detailed execution of Integration and Test engineer across TCP accounts. Will include management and development of Integration and Test resources as well as all aspects of delegated tasks and will require the incumbent to be accountable for all delivering to quality, time, cost and performance standards. To work together with Task Order Leads and Account Managers to deliver successfully and to meet or exceed customer expectations. The incumbent shall also be employed on project tasks either as routine business or in support of directed leadership roles and responsibilities Required Skills: Understanding of test regimes, and proven background in challenging and complex test environments. Proven ability to deliver Integration and Test results including planning, test conduct, documentation and the delivery to stakeholders. Proven track record in software test environments, with demonstrated background in other test environments. Clear understanding of processes involved in Integration and Test activities. Strong communication (oral, written and presentation) skills; the ability to react appropriately to feedback and construct an effective working environment. Demonstrated ability to establish and maintain excellent relationships with stakeholders at all levels of an organisation. Ability to provide quality support across the range of disciplines, and possessing a 'cando' attitude. Work to create an environment of trust, diversity and ethical standards as laid down by the Company. An enthusiastic and energetic approach to the business of the team and an ability to motivate self and staff in the role of work package Manager, as directed. Desired Skills: Ability to manage resources. Leadership potential. Ability to flex across programme environments and support multiple activities. Strong desire to establish credentials as a dynamic and effective team member, and develop Integration and test capabilities across TCP. Successful candidates will possess a desire to be challenged and to contribute towards the success and growth of the business. In return we can offer career development, an empowered and supportive working environment and competitive reward package. You must be prepared to undergo a security clearance vetting process. If you wish to discuss this position in confidence or to speak to me regarding your situation then please don't hesitate to contact me.