Title: Hydraulics Assembly Fitter Technician / Machine Development Engineer
Webindex: 64814302
Company: Rail Ability
Description: RailAbility specialises in the modification manufacture of bespoke plant, machinery equipment predominantly for the rail industry. We require additional skilled Hydraulics Assembly Technician with Machine Development Engineering knowledge and experience in Hydraulics and Manufacturing Assembly favourably in construction or haulage or agricultural equipment. The position involves: Build steel pipe work up from hydraulic schematics produced by the designers in the office. Design and build up hydraulic systems to a requirements list for less complex applications. Fit hydraulic components to machines and test them to ensure correct functionality. Determine the best routings for the hoses on a machine with input from the design team. Measure the routes to determine hose lengths and make hoses accordingly. Have an input in specifying hose diameters and connector types. Ensure that quality ratings are maintained throughout. Ensure that hose routings are free from chaffing from moving components. Suggest component and design improvements. Commissioning and testing of completed machine and hydraulic systems. Fitting of RCI (Rated Capacity Indicator) hydraulic pilot equipment (Training provided). Building of valves and fabricated machine components. Fitting of pipe work and valves to machines. Quantity monitoring of required components. Investigate existing machine hydraulic systems for predesign analysis. Assist in the progression and development of new systems such as PLC and CANbus proportional hydraulic control. Etc. Company Profile RailAbility Ltd is one of the top 3 manufacturers and converters of small batches and 1 off specialist, machinery worth up to and in excess of **** to sell into the Railway Industry for carrying out Railway maintenance works. RailAbility has expanded its activities rapidly since **** to the point where we now manufacture and convert a comprehensive range of specialist railway equipment including Mobile Elevating Work Platforms, Tracked Dozers, **** Excavator Cranes, ****x**** Lorries, Rail Trailers and various types of attachments. We are able to respond, design and manufacture quickly to bespoke one off requirements using state of the art software including AutoCad, Solidworks 3D Modelling FEA as well as various Hydraulics, Electrics and Electronics packages. RailAbility provides a fully encompassed service to clients taking projects from the initial concept stage, undertaking mechanical design and systems development, right through to the manufacture, testing and commissioning of the finished working product all from our central midlands factory. www.railability.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HydraulicsAssemblyFitterTechnicianMachineDevelopmentEngineer_job****