Title: Defence Systems Engineers
Webindex: 72114799
Company: MASS Consultants
Description: International Defence Organisation based in Stevenage, Hertfordshire is currently looking to recruit a number of Systems Engineers (of varying skillsets, experiences and career levels)  ideally candidates will have a background of working in a Defence, MoD or Aerospace industry as a Systems Engineer. Please Note: you must be eligible for SC (Secret Level) Security Clearance if you re not already cleared to that level. The Systems Engineering department(s) are looking to fill a variety of roles at different levels  so as a result the salary banding is wide and salary s offered will be dependant on experience and skills – banding approx ****k  ****k and comes with great benefits including; overtime, flexitime, company and individual bonus scheme, pension and company healthcare etc. Defence Systems Engineers Job Description: Skills Knowledge:  Degree or equivalent in relevant discipline  Experience of working in a Systems Engineering environment.  Proven analytical and problem solving skills e.g. System Study Tradeoffs Defence Systems Engineers  Experience in two or more of the following:  System Definition  UML / SysML experience  DOORS experience  Systems Architecture Development e.g. MODAF  Requirements capture, decomposition and management  System Design and Analysis  Design Studies  Design/Performance Modelling  System Integration  Design Proving and Trials  Interface Design  System assessment and acceptance Ideally worked (or a desire to work) in at least one of the following related Areas:  Missile/Weapon Systems  Combat Systems  Command Control Systems  Radar System Design  Control Systems  Military Communications  Data Link Systems  Sensor Fusion  The ability to speak French and/or Italian would be beneficial. Support and/or Lead the design of Complex Weapon Systems covering Land, Sea and Air based products:  Carry out a full range of technical analyses and investigations, including evaluation and selection of technical options, individually or as a member of a project team.  Lead engineering or Support activities in the field (and carry out the most complex activities) for specific products and customers to ensure the operability of products.  Prepare a full range of specifications (System, SubSystem etc.), develop designs in line with demanding customer specifications.  Liaise with customer and subcontractors e.g. Review Customer s needs, present findings and promote Design Solutions.  Lead or Support Bid Preparation for future Systems work.  Undertake System performance analysis  Undertake the definition of trials requirements  Undertake Trials data analysis  Undertake Technology research and development activities