Title: Delphi Software Developer ? C / C++
Webindex: 70034227
Company: Webrecruit UK
Description: Delphi Software Developer  C / C++ Halifax, West Yorkshire Up to **** DOE Are you a developer with experience of Windows using DELPHI development environment RAD tools? Looking for a rewarding career where there is plenty of scope for career progression? If so, this is the role for you. With over 20 years of experience, our client is a leading provider of Epos and retail management system solutions in the UK. An exciting opportunity has now arisen for a Delphi Software Developer to join their team. As a Delphi Software Developer, you will be responsible for assisting in the development of existing and new software products for our client's growing customer base. The products are retailrelated and fall into the categories of Epos, Chip & Pin, stock control and MIS (management information systems). You will also work together with a small and friendly team maintaining existing code and be heavily involved in new software development. To be considered for this role, you must have:  At least two years' experience in commercial software development for Windows using DELPHI development environment RAD tools  Competence in the use of C or C++ Additionally, as a Delphi Software Developer, you must be a selfmotivated team player with the ability to work to stringent deadlines. You must also demonstrate exemplary communication skills, both written and verbal. .NET experience would be an advantage. Good knowledge of database development and experience of using SQL would be equally favourable. To apply for the role of Delphi Software Developer (C / C++,) please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Delphi Software Developer, C, C++, Software Engineer, Software Programmer, Application Developer, Application Developer, C Developer, C++ Programmer.