Title: Compliance and streetworks manager
Webindex: 70607957
Company: Workmates
Description: Title: Compliance and streetworks manager. Duration: Permanent Location: Slough We are currently representing one of our major clients to source a compliance and streetworks manager. The Contract Compliance and Streetworks Manager will report directly to and assist the Contract Manager in the production and management of performance information in order to mitigate both commercial and operational risk associated with legislative compliance and contractual KPI s / SLI s and service credits. You will take ownership of the end to end streetworks process ensuring excellent performance through robust process and key stakeholder management. Typically, this will entail; Own and manage Section **** defect process exceeding both internal and external KPI s through effective communication and management of remote planning teams. Own and manage Section **** overun process exceeding both internal and external KPI s through effective communication and management of remote planning teams. Own and manage Section **** and escalation process exceeding both internal and external KPI s through effective communication and management of remote planning teams. Own and manage noticing process in order to achieve 100% compliance thus minimising FPN s associated with notice errors. Identify, develop and deliver where appropriate, ongoing streetworks training to all internal planning teams. Provide effective and robust challenge to all streetworks contracharge within contractual timescales. Develop and manage appropriate reporting tools to provide Contract Manager daily, weekly, monthly overview as required. Develop both internal and external relationships to facilitate efficient and advantageous planning of all disruptive activities. Monitor and measure contractual KPI / SLI s in order to improve performance and mitigate commercial risk associated with service credits. Provide daily, weekly, monthly operational performance data in order to maximise productivity and identify trends. Own and manage contractual performance reporting requirements as per schedule **** part **** Represent the business at external meetings where required. Support a culture of continuous improvement including zero accidents, zero harm, zero compromise. If you have previous experience in this role or in a field similar and think you are a suitable candidate, please apply with a current CV and successful candidates will be contacted by a workmates consultant