Title: Design Engineer, Tyrone  ****K
Webindex: 71635358
Company: Grafton Recruitment
Description: Are you an experienced Design engineer? Would you ike to develop your career with a global engineering firm? If so this may be the position for you. On behalf of our client we are recruiting for a Design Engineer to be based in Co Tyrone. You will be required to develop and support the company s product range within the global market. You will report directly into the product Manager. Responsibilities Abide by Company Health and safety. Continual improvement of the company s range of mobile Crushing Screening equipment. Develop designs and updating products to exceed the customer s expectations Review and develop production engineering processes and benchmark to improve quality and overall efficiency. Extract maximum efficiency through analysis of production engineering methods and other efficiency improvement techniques having due regard to quality standards. Support Fabrication/Assembly by processing and closing out Requests for Action for new product introduction and current products, ensuring a close link with Production Engineers Ability and knowledge of driving cost out of design. Creation and maintenance of technical design documentation, such as engineering drawings, change notices, operating manuals and bills of materials. Travel to customer sites, occasional exhibitions, trade shows and attend test sites when necessary. GENERAL At all times to comply with Company policies and procedures Due to the nature of the post additional hours may be required This job description is not prescriptive and the post holder may be expected to undertake other duties as appropriate. The post may evolve and the emphasis and nature of the post may change as a result of this. CRITERIA Essential A relevant degree or equivalent in mechanical engineering Previous experience working with other departments to deliver projects within agreed quality, cost and timeframe Extensive experience in the use of ****D modeling design software Previous experience of heavy manufacturing, production processes and systems The ability to work flexibly to meet prescribed deadlines Proficient in Microsoft office software Excellent written and oral communication skills Desirable Proven experience in the mechanical design of crushing screening equipment or mobile plant In return the successful candidate will be offered a very attractive package plus the opportunity to develop their career within a global business. If you meet the above criteria and are interested in applying for this position, then please contact Ciaran on **** **** **** **** or apply via the link below.