Title: Electronics Design Engineer  FPGA VHDL
Webindex: 57034172
Company: JOBG8
Description: The client is seeking a highly motivated and skilled Hardware Electronics Design Engineer for a number of programmes within the business. The role is to Develop, design and support electronic assemblies through qualification for various platforms You will be part of a small team capturing Electronics design requirements using DOORs, writing Product functional specifications, designing circuitry, performing analysis and simulation of circuit design, generating Firmware for the design and testing of both the Electronics Circuitry and associated Firmware. Reporting to the Product Technical Lead and Design Team Lead, the candidate will be expected to take responsibility for technical decisions of a particular part of the product design, documenting design decisions throughout development and will also need to work with minimum supervision. Further, communicating with internal functions, to ensure all views are gauged and understood before, during and after delivery of the detailed design. Specific Job Description: Design and development of electronic circuitry (includes, analogue, digital, Microprocessor, FPGA design techniques). Electronic circuit simulation and analysis. Specification and selection of electronic components. Schematic Capture and associated PCB layouts. Testing and evaluation of electronic circuits and components. Preparation of FMEA's and design validation documentation. Preparation of design review documentation. The ability to produce technical documentation to support all activities, from trade studies, requirements documentation to final assembly instructions. Strong communication skills, both verbal and written. Strong organisational skills, able to coordinate various stakeholders into unified approach. Self managing and driven to get the results needed. Flexibility in tasks undertaken. Team player. Required Skills: The core competences and qualifications for the job are: Formal Electronic qualification such as HNC/HND/Beng Experience of Electronics Hardware Design & Product Development. Proven experience in Digital and Analogue Electronics Design Microprocessor Design and Interfaces, both digital and analogue. Proven Experience of Schematic Capture and PCB Layout EMC Awareness at product and PCB level Ability to support and manage aspects of Assembly, Integration and Test Strong team player with good written and verbal communication skills Successful candidates will possess a desire to be challenged and to contribute towards the success and growth of the business. In return we can offer career development, an empowered and supportive working environment and competitive reward package. You must be prepared to undergo a security clearance vetting process. If you wish to discuss this position in confidence or to speak to me regarding your situation then please don't hesitate to contact me.