Title: Manual Milling Lathe Operator  Toolmaker
Webindex: 69190376
Company: Equation Recruitment Limited
Description: My client is a small specialist engineering company supplying a range of manufacturing companies with milled and moulded products. Due to a period of growth within their organisation they are now seeking to recruit a Toolmaker  Manual Lathe Milling Operator to join their team in Hemel Hempstead. Ideally you will be a time served apprentice with a number of years' experience operating manual milling lathes. You will be working with steel related materials and engineering a range of components between ****mm and ****mm in diameter. This is a busy role with a good level of variety within it. As well as generating whole new components you will also be creating and producing a range of repair/maintenance components to remedy and currently used items that have broken/failed. Please note this role is probably not as suitable for you if prefer to operate CNC lathe machine as this is manual milling lathe operation. This is a small engineering company and you will need to demonstrate a good background within manual lathe milling and have a versatile ability with your working hours. This position comes with core hours of 8am to 4.30pm Monday to Friday however, it is essential that you are able to work overtime (at times this is short notice) evenings and occasional Saturdays at the appropriate rates of pay. In return you will be working for a wellestablished, family run company with a friendly and professional team of engineers. Equation Recruitment is an equal opportunities employer and operates as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for temporary recruitment. Replying to this advert means that you provide us with authorisation to addyou to our database in case we have other roles which may suit your skill set. We thank you for your application, however due to the high number of applications being received, only those shortlisted will be contacted. For more details on Equation Recruitment and our current vacancies, please visit www.equationrecruitment.com or contact our Candidate Manager on [blocked telephone] .