Title: Technical Support Engineer  French Speaking
Webindex: 67945005
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Excellent opportunity at a Global IT Services / Solutions organisation for a French Speaking Tech Support Engineer. Key skills for the role are excellent knowledge of Windows Client OS s, Windows Server (including Active Directory), and IP Networking. Important Windows XP / **** Windows Server, Exchange, IP Networking The Job You will be responsible for problem solving and providing appropriate and robust solutions for hardware, software and peripherals ensuring that a professional service is maintained at all times. There will be an element of project work across sites within Europe and you may be required to undertake a bit of travel into France on occasions. Although you will be based in the office in Southampton one of your key customers will be based in France, therefore it is a requirement that you speak fluent, or close to fluent French. As well as being a French speaker, the key requirement is that you have good customer service skills and are adept at 1st / 2nd line support. You will be moving into 3rd line support and the organisation will support you with this transition, therefore this is a great opportunity to progress your career. Tasks include: To deal with and resolve complex IT problems within desktop and office applications. To plan and schedule daily workload and seek advice and guidance for more complex resolution of IT problems. Able to use basic laboratory skills to setup and troubleshoot problems. To draft clear and concise case notes and technical documentation. To understand customer requirements, and able to clarify what is required and to followup with basic action plans. To keep the customer and the team updated of progress and problem resolution using verbal and written communications. Ensure availability, maintain and development of core systems in an Active Directory environment, based on Microsoft Technology. Support local users, across the allocated region, in all infrastructure related topics such as AD and Exchange. Development of existing infrastructure. Ensure the defined Service Level agreements are met and the availability of IT systems are optimised. To ensure customer satisfaction results scores are maximised. To build good working relationships and rapport with the client and the European and Global IT Support team. To act as product champion in your area of technology and to pass this knowledge on to team members. Coordinate with external suppliers as required. Complete designated project work across Office Depot campus sites within the UK. Essential Skills and Experience Fluency (written and spoken) in French Outstanding problem solving and troubleshooting skills. Excellent telephone and communication skills. Familiar with a wide range of IT equipment i.e. Microsoft Windows, IP, workstations, servers, network equipment, video, and fax and printer equipment. Knowledge and experience with Remedy case management (or other Helpdesk Tools). Excellent knowledge of English language. Desirable Skills and Experience  Graduate or equivalent experience within IT.  Sound experience in AD, Exchange, server, storage systems and networking terms and equipment such as Cisco LAN, router, hub and switch.  Experience with ITIL (V3).  Experience of working in an international working environment.  Attitude is key to this role so a highly motivated candidate with a cando approach is desired.  Excellent team worker but also able to work self dependent.  Willingness to go the extra mile.  Commercial and Financial awareness. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK