Title: Complex Electro Mechanical Medical Device Design Engineer
Webindex: 68806808
Company: SJB Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Senior Electro Mechanical Design Engineer (Medical, Aero, Auto) Cardiff To ****k  benefits Our client specialises in the design, development, manufacture and marketing of surgical devices for use in advanced minimal access and outpatient surgical procedures. Based in purpose built premises in South Wales it is the UK centre for R D, they now have an immediate requirement for a Senior Mechanical Development Engineer P/SMDE/KV**** to support all aspects of the development of new and existing electro surgery products that are both fit for purpose and fit for manufacture , thus helping to sustain overall company profitability and growth. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES :  Lead the design and development of new and technically innovative small scale complex electromechanical assemblies from concept to production release.  Focusing on customer and user satisfaction, improved patient outcome and faster recovery.  Research, concept and solution generation and selection.  CAD modelling/drafting, calculations, risk analysis, clinical evaluation, D PFMEA, tolerance analysis.  FEA, prototyping, testing, design for manufacture and assembly reviews  Verification, validation and post market surveillance.  Provide technical authority and support issue resolution by investigations, containment, corrective, preventive, improvement, inspection and cost reduction activities.  Develop and maintain a deep understanding of electro surgical tissue management and manipulation products and techniques.  Work within the cost and time targets agreed for each project/product.  Work in accordance with the requirements of the relevant quality standards including ISO 13485, **** CFR **** GMP and GDP  Support and or own and drive CAPA s, change orders and nonconformance reports to a conclusion.  Production of all project technical and manufacturing documents and reports  Attend project technical progress meetings and product development reviews  Visit and liaise with customers, suppliers, consultants and other company locations  Promote an environment of continuous improvement, flexibility and teamwork. EDUCATION :  Degree in an Engineering discipline (e.g Mechanical Engineering) or similar relevant qualification. ESSENTIAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES:  Four years experience in medical device or similar highly regulated industry. Awareness of medical device regulations ideal.  Skilled in design of small scale complex electromechanical assemblies.  Thorough understanding of risk management methods.  Thorough understanding of engineering drawing practice. Solid Works CAD skills ideal but not essential.  Computer literate MS Office suite, Microsoft Project and MRP systems.  Good time management and organisational skills.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Analytical, creative thinker and problem solver.