Title: Principal Heavy Civils Engineer
Webindex: 72458991
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview Carillion Service Solutions is the UK s market leader in the delivery of Facilities Management services, not only in terms of market share but also in the quality and breadth of the service delivered for public and private sector customers. Our breadth of service and geographic coverage allows customers to receive a comprehensive Facilities Management service for single prestigious properties through to national property portfolios. Central to our delivery model is taking full responsibility for customers infrastructure and property based facilities management needs. This provides our customer with a single point of accountability and allows them to focus on their own core business. Purpose of Role Lead and manage teams of senior and junior engineers and technical staff in order to deliver civil engineering schemes. Key Objectives of the Role nbsp;Provide a responsive, customer focused design service to external and internal clients including preparation of briefs, scope of works etc, completion of technical tasks as appropriate to complete the works, Production of designs for projects according to relevant Standards/ Codes. Oversight and review of designs for projects according to relevant Standards/ Codes. Direct liaison with clients, assisting them with the development of project briefs. Management of projects to programme and budget. Project development including preparation of briefs, scope of works etc, completion of technical tasks as appropriate to complete the works, liaison with clients, stakeholders, other professional bodies and contractors to TPS Consult s  Quality Assurance procedures. Working with the rest of the Civils team to advance the technical capability of the group to the highest standard. This will include identifying innovative approaches and techniques and presenting technical papers. Job Level Overview Subject to managerial direction, the Job Holder will generally be subject to broad practices and procedures that are covered by functional/business precedents and policies. The job holder will generally be at least part professionally qualified and will probably possess some specialised knowledge/skills gained through on the job experience. The Job Holder s performance will have either a very small impact on plc performance, or a small impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Accountable for specific areas of responsibility and deliverables and manages the associated risks Delivers activities to support operational objectives for their specific contract, project or specialism Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 6 months to one year Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines Interacts with client or users around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Manages the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility Focus of work is predominantly against defined targets but performs a range of tasks from complex to straightforward Financial Accountabilities Typically manages cost centre budget (first line budgetary accountability) Identifies ways to reduce cost and improve service Manages variable costs (e.g. overtime and agency costs) People Accountabilities For a small contract, section of contract or single disciplinary teams: Typically first line manager with overall people responsibility Optimises performance Undertakes performance reviews and provides training and reward recommendations Responsible for implementing disciplinary actions up to final warning Knowledge and Applied Skills Thorough working knowledge of one functional area through significant job experience amp; training Experience of supporting a business contract and/or providing support to a professional function Likely to have 5 years business experience and/or be a fully qualified professional with minimum of 2 years PQE with Intermediate Level Qualifications. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information Principal Engineer to lead and manage a team of senior and graduate engineers to deliver schemes in road, rail, marine and aviation sectors. nbsp;This is an important role to assist in the continued growth of the Heavy Civils team by securing further work from the internal Carillion Construction business and also external clients including BAA and offers an exciting opportunity for rapid career progression. Candidates need to be Chartered Engineer and experience of working alongside contractors, including design and build projects, is essential together with detailed knowledge of DMRB, Network Rail standards and Eurocodes.