Title: Maunfacturing Engineer
Webindex: 69995870
Company: Spectrum Consult
Description: We are working with an engineering company in the Durham area who are invested in the design and development of products for the offshore market. They are looking for an experienced Manufacturing Engineer with NEBOSH and a background in Lean and Continuous Improvement to join them. Responsible for Manufacturing Engineering activity in assigned production departments (either assembly or machining) as well as functioning as project coordinator on manufacturing improvement projects. Also responsible for maintaining and developing the health and safety and environmental standards across the facility. Responsibilities will include: • Identify cost reduction opportunities for all product families • Resolve all manufacturing engineering product support issues that materialise • Point of contact for creating an environment of continuous improvement • Ensure all Manufacturing areas follow the ****s Housekeeping process. • Identify Sub contract suppliers and manage their integration into the supply chain • Identify operational risks to cost, quality and delivery throughout the facility. • Review and develop health and safety policies, procedures and guidance. • Coordinate the integration of environmental management and • Devise, develop and monitor effective Risk Assessment management strategies • Manage the maintenance of all capital equipment, buildings and services. • Prepares budgets and work scopes for manufacturing engineering projects and contracted maintenance programmes Package Details: • To be discussed on application – salary is attractive and dependant upon experience • 37 hour week • **** day annual leave plus statutory entitlement contribution • Pension – 7% Employer contribution with 4% employee • Private Medical Cover • Life Cover – **** x salary lump sum payment on death in service Requirements: • Recognised four year degree or equivalent in a technical field i.e. Industrial/Manufacturing, Mechanical/Tool Engineering, Industrial Technology. • PC and CAD literate • NEBOSH qualification • Previous experience in applying operational excellence techniques in a manufacturing environment • Clear understanding of lean manufacturing techniques • Previous experience of working within a fast moving manufacturing environment This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MaunfacturingEngineer_job****