Title: Electrical Project Engineer
Webindex: 66947541
Company: Forces Recruitment Services
Description: EB****: Electrical Project Engineer Salary: Competitive Location: Warwickshire Position: Permanent Benefits: Health Insurance, Pension Scheme. Bonus Scheme The Electrical Project Engineer is responsible for the completion of Projects within budget, on time and to an acceptable quality, while conforming to company policies and procedures. The Electrical Project Engineer will report to the Controls Manager and will be responsible for Electrical Project engineering of Individual Sales Orders. Applications from suitably experienced exmilitary personnel are strongly encouraged Main Duties and Responsibilities:  Responsible for the completion of Projects within budget, on time and to an acceptable quality, while conforming to company policies and procedures.  To report to the Project Manager / Controls Manager on all aspects of project progress and cost control.  To provide electrical engineering expertise for proposals in conjunction with relevant technical authority.  To provide electrical engineering expertise for projects in conjunction with relevant technical authority.  Establish key customer contacts.  Ensure controls milestone target dates are met.  Ensure all project activities are conducted to current policies and procedures.  Produce electrical specification for incorporation in proposal quotation.  Prepare functional design specifications  Prepare and control timing programme for electrical engineering activities.  Manage electrical costs and provide accurate forecasts.  Organise and document design reviews.  Obtain Customer / Materials supplier approval and signature of functional design specifications.  Prepare purchase requisitions for material and subcontract packages.  Review, check and approve subcontractor drawings.  Determine risk category for the safety related control system.  Participate in electrical function testing and commissioning of electrical control systems.  Generate and implement bench test specifications for all software / hardware.  Design and Code PLC programs following quality manual procedures, registering all such software following same procedures.  Obtain 'as commissioned' electrical drawings, ensure saved on fileserver.  Update drawing / document register. Key Skills and Candidate Requirements: Essential  HNC or equivalent qualification in electrical engineering or related discipline  4 years post qualification experience in an Electrical Engineering role  Knowledge of industrial control systems commissioning  Experience of **** phase, LV power control design  Problem solving / fault finding experience  Experience of supervising contractors  Good communication skills;  High level of written oral communication  Can communicate in a logical manner  Ability to communicate with customers/suppliers at all levels  Logical and systematic approach to tasks  Good problem solving skills  Numerate literate  Computer literate  MS Office  Experience and ability to work within both office and site environments.  Ability to understand customer requirements and specifications  Flexible in work hours (occasional weekend and shift work when required)  Flexible in work location (UK and overseas)  Ability to travel abroad  no restrictions in obtaining visas  Full driving licence Desirable:  A background in industrial automation  Proficient with Eplan **** or P****  Understanding of ATEX requirements  Automotive paint plant experience  Understanding of PLC hardware  Ability to produce tender specifications  Ability to commercially / technically analyse suppliers bids  Experience of budget management  Project management experience  MS Project  Aptitude for project planning  SAP experience Interested applicants will be expected to complete and return by email a simple application form to which CVs must be pasted. Salary: Competitive This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectricalProjectEngineer_job****