Title: IT Systems Engineer
Webindex: 67946120
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Fantastic opportunity with an extremely interesting organisation based in Bath. Key skills for this role include Cisco networking ( CCNA highly desirable ), and familiarity with Windows Client / Server operating systems. Important CCNA, Microsoft Windows Server and Client Operating Systems The Job This is a newly created, hands on role which will focus on the development of the Systems Management team to deliver an improving level of service to the users and customers globally, by having a good knowledge of all the IT systems, IT support, the business aims and business needs. There will be an element of team leadership within this position so relevant experience would be desirable, although an aptitude to move into team leading would be sufficient. Job Requirements Your main focus will be to provide leadership and drive new solutions in particular in the areas of Cisco networking ( WAN and LAN ) and communications. The team takes ownership and accountability for resolution of all issues that cannot be resolved by either the IT Service Desk or other support teams. You will ensure that customer focus and resolution of support issues is at the heart of what you do. You will perform root cause analysis across the service catalogue and implement changes as a result to reduce material demand. There will be a focus to operationally improve performance, feature set and availability of all systems. Your responsibilities will also cover delivery and improvement of governance of all IT platforms including but not limited to disaster recovery, business continuity, licensing compliance and other legal compliance as required by the business. Cisco skills are highly desirable ( ideally CCNA certified), as is a telecoms background. You should also have knowledge of Microsoft products including all office applications and operating systems along with experience of setting up and maintaining hardware and software systems. To succeed, you will have excellent knowledge of all levels of support. We are looking for someone confident, with excellent communication skills, proactive and focussed on continuous improvement. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK