Title: Test and Devlopment Engineer
Webindex: 69173052
Company: Akton Recruitment
Description: Test and Development Engineer Location: North West Salary: ****K dependant on experience An exciting new role for a Test and Development Engineer  Working within the field of Partial Discharge test and monitoring technology for in service and high voltage cables and plant and testing. Role and Responsibilities The primary purpose of this position is to provide applied engineering and technical consultation for customers in the areas of partial discharge of medium voltage and high voltage assets such as Substations, Transformers, and Motors, generators, cables and Switchgear. Essential functions include: Recognized as a technical expert in partial discharge. Act as an ambassador to trade organizations/conferences (i.e. IEEE, conferences) by presenting papers, case studies and demonstrating equipment. Selfmanagement of assigned projects and job cost accountability to perform work within budgeted cost estimates. Act as global resource on partial discharge consultation and expert analysis for customers. Provide applied engineering and technical consultation for customers in the areas of power systems studies, power quality analysis, installation, and start up, maintenance, repair and training. Interpret specs and customer inquiries and design technical proposals and pricing for customers as well as customer visits to assist sales. Designing and conducting specialized training for customers. Assisting in writing design specifications for new products. Interpret specifications and customer requirements. Testing, evaluating and writing reports on performance of newly developed prototypes. Writing inhouse product documentation including test procedures, calibration records and assembly instructions. Sourcing of electrical and electronic components for use in new products. The ideal candidate must have: Degree in Electronic or Electrical Engineering (or other relevant Engineering discipline) Genuine interest in Power/Energy Industry Good computer skills and understanding of computer networking. Good understanding in the following areas: Communication Systems, Power Systems, Electronic Circuit Design, Filter Design, Computer Systems, Instrumentation. Onsite customer report presentation skills and may result in up to 25% travel. If this is of interest then please contact Liam King at AKTON Recruitment on **** **** **** or email me at lkingaktonrecruitment.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TestandDevlopmentEngineer_job****