Title: Lead Hardware Electronics Engineer
Webindex: 69580709
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Are you a Hardware Engineer looking for a new challenge? Do you have a Defence / Aerospace background? Do you have experience with digital and analogue electronics? If so read on as this could be the ideal role for you The client I am representing is a leading electronics aerospace and defence supplier and due to a period of growth, are currently looking for a Lead Hardware Electronics Engineer to lead and manage a team of electronics engineers in the development and delivery of new and existing embedded systems, including safety critical applications. The individual must be able to manage their individual project tasks to quality, cost and schedule, as well as provide accurate estimates and technical evaluations for future work. The candidate will also provide technical support to Sales and Marketing and occasionally make presentations to both internal and external customers. Working with other team leaders and engineering management proactively work to define requirements, resolve issues and deliver efficient solutions and process improvements as appropriate. The individual must have an understanding of;  High speed digital or integrated processor electronics, analogue circuits including EMC signal filtering, DCDC converters, analogue/digital interface electronics.  Generation of requirements to the implementation level.  Work within a small multidisciplined team to ensure successful overall design.  Concept design to meet statuary safety requirements  Component selection and circuit design to interface processors/microcontrollers to digital networks, digital and analogue signals.  Design to minimise EMC risks and manage thermal effects.  Design for thermal effects including sizing and calculation of heat sink requirements. To apply for the role, please submit an up to date copy of your CV in response to this advert or for more information, call Liam Fairey on N/A JAM Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. View our latest jobs today at (url removed) and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position.