Title: Senior Project Manager  Lifts
Webindex: 70519869
Company: SMRS LTD  
Description: Chubb, a division of United Technologies Corporation, which is a truly international, talent driven company focused on performance and results, is currently recruiting on behalf of a fellow UTC company; Otis Elevator Company. Otis Elevator Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of United Technologies Corporation, is one of the world s largest manufacturers and maintainers of people moving products, including lifts, escalators, shuttle systems and moving walkways. Headquartered in Farmington, Connecticut, USA, Otis employs more than **** people, offers products and services in more than ****0 countries and territories and maintains more than 1.35 million lifts and escalators worldwide. Otis is seeking to recruit a talented and proven Senior Project Manager who ideally has a strong technical understanding of the Lift and Escalator industry. This autonomous and responsible role will entail managing large, complex and high value (up to 20m) new equipment Major Projects (including High Rise Gearless) from point of order through to design, installation and final account. You will possess high level project management experience with advanced technical and lift knowledge. You will have the ability to manage complex and varied multiple projects safely and on time to customer satisfaction within the agreed contract scope. This high profile and accountable role also requires an engaging and motivational Leader who displays excellent planning abilities, strong commercial financial awareness, proven purchasing negotiating skills and a constant commitment to Best Practice to include continuous improvement, Health Safety and UTC`s code of ethics. Key responsibilities will include effective management of the field labour team to include engineers, third party suppliers and subcontractors, management of the safety performance to include Tool box talks, safety investigations/ presentations, method statements risk assessments and the audit of subcontractor/ vendor activity, financial control to include margin management, accurate forecasts and the review of order packages contracts. Further duties will also include the delivery of an Ethics culture, producing project programmes, drive of the design process, quality plans, inspection and test plans and fulfilment of any other Major Project customer requirements. You will possess a high degree of IT literacy including Excel, MSProject and PowerPoint and your personal attributes will include determination, results focused, adaptability, ability to remain calm under pressure, problem solving and delegation skills and the necessary credibility and gravitas to motivate and lead others. We welcome applications from ambitious Project Managers, Senior Project Managers, Programme Managers, Operations Managers and Contract Delivery Managers who have proven multimillion, project management skills gained within the lift and escalator industry UTC is an Equal Opportunity Employer Please note that due to the high volume of responses that we receive for opportunities across the UK, we are unfortunately no longer able to respond to each application directly or to provide further individual feedback. We will however contact you should we select you to attend an interview. Should you not receive a reply from us within 4 weeks, please assume that your application on this occasion has proved unsuccessful.