Title: Electrical Instrumentation Engineer (Onshore/Offshore)
Webindex: 69559775
Company: OSR Recruitment Services
Description: My client, a leader in their field within the oil and gas sector are currently seeking: Electrical & Instrumentation Engineer (onshore/offshore) The position will be onshore based at Great Yarmouth with adhoc offshore visits required. The successful candidate will manage and support the daytoday maintenance of the onshore and offshore electrical and instrumentation systems. Core Responsibilities: Ensuring installation integrity, reliability, availability and maintainability of electrical and control equipment Coordination with operations personnel for planned and corrective maintenance of Electrical and Instrument equipment. Upgrade of redundant equipment. Ensuring, by audit, that all switching of LV and HV is in accordance with operational procedures, safety principles, legal requirements and that all registers are maintained accurately. Implement, integrate and review planned maintenance programmes Maintains comprehensive records of performance, trends and failures. Coordinate all electrical and instrument third party support performs in accordance with the statutory regulations and company policy, Ensures all electrical equipment in hazardous areas is maintained in accordance with BS**** Act as technical Authority for E&I issues in compliance with the Performance Standards. Provide Electrical and Instrument guidance & support to Project Team. The ideal candidate will possess the following skills, experience and qualifications: Educated to HND or equivalent standard in Electrical engineering Time served experience of electrical and instrument maintenance with specific emphasis on electrical power generation and control system maintenance Oil and Gas industry experience Be a member of a relevant professional engineering institution (IEE, InstMC) Be computer literate in Microsoft packages and familiarity with software based maintenance systems. Good analytical skills and ability to meet deadlines Effective communication and organisational skills. Selfmotivated, enthusiastic and able to work as a team member and communicate effectively with onshore and offshore staff at all levels. Offshore survival and medical desirable Attainment of competent Person Profile In return my client offers a rewarding career with strong development potential and leading company benefits Only those eligible to work in the UK need apply. This vacancy is being advertised on behalf of OSR Recruitment who are operating as an employment agency. We will endeavour to contact you within **** hrs. Due to the volume of applications we receive on a daily basis, if you haven?t heard from us within **** working days please consider your application unsuccessful