Title: Capital Projects Assurance Manager
Webindex: 69777180
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Capital Projects Assurance Manager Coventry Circa **** plus car allowance and excellent benefits package Are you looking to develop and improve within a professional and successful FTSE 100 company? We are currently recruiting for a permanent Capital Projects Assurance Manager to provide assurance for the AMP Capital Programme Delivery by: Leading, supporting and developing a team of technical specialists responsible for the delivery of a risk based audit and assessment programme and associated analysis, advisory and stakeholder engagement activities. Providing ongoing expertise and guidance on the AMP Assurance Model and delivering any changes and adaptation necessary to ensure adequate HSEQ risk management. The Capital Projects Assurance Manager has an important part to play: Ensure an effective risk based plan of audits and assessments is maintained across the OSC and AMP delivery programme. Identify risks and areas for improvement and ensure that they are communicated to the organisations in question so that improvement measures can be initiated. Maintain an effective monitoring and assessment framework in cooperation with the One Supply Chain Develop effective policy and processes for Capital Project Assurance in response to need. Provide competent advice and guidance to the Expert Client Leadership team on matters of HSE&Q Assurance. Provide effective ongoing assessment of the OSC Partner Self Assurance arrangements and ensure prompt response for improvement and change where necessary. The Capital Projects Assurance Manager will have experience: Strong relationship management skills and track record in working across all levels of a capital programme supply chain. Experience in designing or operating effective HSE&Q business management systems Track record in driving performance improvement through influence Knowledge of the regulatory regime relevant to the water industry capital investment and contract law/contract management Track record of successful influencing at Leadership level in a similar scale of programme. The Capital Projects Assurance Manager must demonstrate: You are forward looking and proactive You make complex things simple, explaining your thinking clearly and concisely You constantly seek out and deliver improvements for the whole supply chain, including both delivery and procurement You make use of informal networks to get the right result for Severn Trent Water and collaborate readily with others to progress plans. You manage performance with clarity and honesty, inspiring others as a role model Qualifications: Degree or equivalent level of qualification in a relevant discipline (Engineering, HS&E) Full UK driving license. Membership of appropriate professional bodies (e.g. ICE, CIWEM, I Mech E, IEMA). Suitable H, S & E Qualifications and IOSH membership. Relevant auditor qualifications or training About Our Client Severn Trent Water serves over eight million customers across the heart of the UK, stretching from the Bristol Channel to the Humber and from midWales to the East Midlands. As a FTSE 100 company, they can offer a wide range of career opportunities and attractive benefits. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us