Title: Welding Inspector / Engineer Surveyor
Webindex: 69079882
Company: Sector Resources Ltd
Description: Our client a global market leader are looking for an experienced Welding Inspector / Engineer Surveyor paying up to **** car, pension, healthcare. Job Overview Reporting to the Regional Manager UK South, your key role will be to provide engineering inspection services and technical support to clients. This role is to be based within easy reach of Poole in Dorset. You will need to be qualified to degree or HND or the equivalent standard in mechanical engineering with suitable relevant experience. A thorough knowledge of materials, welding, NDE and pressure vessel construction codes, particularly PD **** and ASME Section VIII, is essential. An understanding of EC directives such as PED ****/****/EC and PCN qualifications in appropriate NDE techniques will be an advantage. You will also need to be commercially astute, selfmotivated and client focussed with a good standard of personal and professional presentation and integrity. Job Responsibilities To perform inspections and provide advice for service delivery to clients within agreed parameters that include budget constraints and contractual requirements. To produce the deliverable within the agreed parameters in a defined format. To discuss/ present the deliverable with the external client and be able to suggest alternative solutions where appropriate. Undertake routine administration as required in line with current processes and procedures. To assess/ recommend the time/value of the work to be undertaken for an external client within an agreed fee/cost structure. To pursue Continuous Professional Development and maintain a high degree of discipline knowledge and awareness Conduct activities in line with internal procedures, accreditation schemes, legislation and industry standards. To give guidance to other employees, as appropriate, and disseminate information to achieve effective knowledge transfer and application To assist in service delivery improvement by communicating internal/external client feedback as appropriate. To provide an engineering inspection service and technical support to the clients primarily in the UK including EC Directive work. To ensure that quotes to clients comply with company procedures and meets the target profitability. To undertake surveys and inspections of new and used plant, materials and equipment including pressure equipment and its related requirements. Manages client accounts including advising on fee scales, visit programs and sampling requirements. Liaises directly with client management. To issue and sign documents that refer to inspections. e.g. EC Certificates of Conformity, reports etc. Carry out examinations of In Service equipment and issue reports detailing the results and recommendations. Where appropriate and authorized to prepare Written Schemes of Examination for inservice equipment. Assist in time and cost estimating, client liaison and effective technical execution of the work Represents company attending meetings and participating on technical committees as required. Delegates to Surveyors, inspectors. Where authorized performs design appraisal / assessment activities Where authorized performs QMS assessments Job Requirements Degree, HND or equivalent standard in Mechanical Engineering with appropriate experience including a recognized engineering apprenticeship. Thorough knowledge of materials, welding and pressure vessel construction codes, particularly PD **** and ASME Section VIII. Knowledge and understanding of EC Directives e.g. PED ****/****/EC, including the performance of unexpected visits as authorized . MNDE Qualifications or PCN qualifications in the requirements and use of NDE techniques Good working knowledge of IT, including Word, Access, Excel and Outlook Excellent package and opportunity. Call Rachel Adams NOW on (Apply online only) or apply online with CV Library