Title: Workshop Engineer / Fitter
Webindex: 72481486
Company: eResponse Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Workshop Engineer Location: Redditch Salary: ****k Primary Objective:  To prepare new machines for delivery to customers and ensure that all work is completed on time. Duties:  Assemble machines from supplier that are delivered in kit form i.e. excavators, wheel loaders, bulldozers and dump trucks.  Predelivery inspection of new machines before delivery to customer.  Customisation of new machines to customer s specifications.  Trouble shoot and fault find any defects on machines and carry out repairs as necessary before delivery.  To ensure that work is carried out to the highest standard and delivery targets are met.  To carry out any other general duties within the capability of the post holder, that may be requested from time to time by management. Skill Requirement:  Apprenticeship in Construction Plant Maintenance and Repair or equivalent.  Knowledge of autoelectrics; engines; transmissions; hydraulics and pneumatics.  Ability to diagnose faults on heavy construction equipment and carry out repairs.  Able to work under pressure and on own initiative without supervision.  Be fully conversant with using welding and oxyacetylene equipment and have experience working with lathes, angle grinders and pillar drills etc. General:  Promote the objectives and activities of the company at all times.  Follow company policies and procedures at all times.  To participate and engage in any job related training and individual development.  Be civil, courteous and cooperative to colleagues, management, suppliers and customers.  To take all reasonable steps to protect the company s premises and property and to avoid misuse of equipment and other materials provided.  To adhere to the Health and Safety regulations and practice safe working methods to prevent personal injury or injury to colleagues or others. eResponse Engineering Technical services team provide professional services placing people into the Engineering, Technical, Manufacturing and Logistics sectors We place in demand people across the breadth of industry from skilled shop floor personnel and specialist engineers to Supervisory and Management positions. Our consultants are from your industry and will have a good understanding of your skills and advise best on your next step We are always searching for the best talent, so if you know anyone, why not recommend someone to one of our professional team who will be more than happy to help.