Title: Electronic Engineer  Thames Valley
Webindex: 68568165
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Electronic Engineer required on a Permanent basis by my client a Leading Broadcasting and Production Company based in the Thames Valley. The purpose of the role is to define, specify, design and build specialty broadcast systems to meet requirements as defined by customer/commercial team. The key responsibilities of the role are: Specification, architecture, and design of electronic, electrical, electromechanical and mechanical systems through the full product life cycle from concept to manufacture, delivery, operation and support. Meet cost, time and performance targets for projects and operational programme delivery. Deliver operational solutions on site, incorporating modifications and alterations as required to tight programme deadlines. Provide maintenance and improvements for existing electronic, electrical, electromechanical and mechanical designs. Maintain an up to date knowledge of all matters of broadcast engineering and operations as well as electronic and electromechanical engineering. Skills/Experience: Essential Minimum **** BEng Electronic Engineering or related degree. Proven experience in the whole design life cycle from concept to manufacture, delivery, operation and support. Outstanding fundamental knowledge of electronic/electrical engineering principles and how to apply them. Proven ability in analogue, digital and mixed signal circuit design and analysis. Experience of the design of analogue and digital audio and video electronic circuitry including SDI AES. Excellent technical, analytical and project management skills. Ability to produce project documentation to a high standard. Proven knowledge of electronic electrical test equipment and measurement techniques. Schematic capture and PCB layout. Proficient in Embedded C for microcontrollers. FPGA/VHDL design experience. Desirable Familiarity with EMC, CE and RoHS requirements. Experience of communication technologies such as Ethernet TCP/IP, I****C, CAN, UART. Full appreciation of signal integrity issues for high speed digital designs. An understanding of broadcasting. Experience of robotics/motor control design and appreciation of mechanical issues. Design for test and manufacture. Familiar with Microchip PIC family of microcontrollers. The role will be office based but there may be occasional travel