Title: CAE Engineer
Webindex: 68608950
Company: Arrk Europe Ltd
Description: We are currenlty recruiting for a CAE Engineer in Warwickshire for a major Automotive OEM. Position Description Development of analysis/simulation tools for vehicle dynamics and brake stability control applications. Working directly with the vehicle development and tuning teams to deliver slip control systems including ABS, Stability Control and Terrain Response. Designing and refining bespoke analysis tools and integrating current systems with commercial simulation packages to create a seamless virtual development process. Assisting the system tuning team in control algorithm development using the virtual toolset. Maximise the use of data collection and analysis to direct development and improve correlation between physical and virtual methods. Skills Required Excellent Matlab, Simulink Excel/Visual Basic. TCL Scripting. Knowledge of Full Vehicle Simulation tools and correlation against realworld data. e.g IPG CarMaker , CarSim etc. Good understanding of Vehicle Dynamics theory. Excellent teamworking, organisation and communication skills. Flexible approach and able to work beyond normal hours when required. Applicants are expected to be selfmotivated and demonstrate the ability to carry out tasks unsupervised once defined. Applicants require basic understanding of vehicle braking system requirements Any person supplied should have a valid UK driving licence and meet the medical requirements of facilities Skills Preferred Python programming The ability to present at all levels within the company without detailed mentoring along with a good teamworking approach to tasks Experience Required Considerable practical Matlab, Simulink Excel/Visual Basic experience. Objective vehicle data collection and analysis Experience in Matlab/Simulink/IPG CarMaker and an ability to learn other CAE packages. Experience of solving complex technical issues using a structured approach. Experience Preferred Vehicle Dynamics simulation experience, ADAMS etc. C++ knowledge and embedded code development. Experience in Vehicle Dynamics development. Working knowledge of Antilock Braking and other electronic Slip Control Systems. CAE skills to manage and feasibly run models independently Reporting analysis results and recommendations to vehicle programme teams Dspace experience. Education Required Degree qualified in a suitable discipline but previous experience is core to this role ARRK Europe Ltd operates as an EmploymentBusiness and Employment Agency. We are an independent highlyexperienced recruitment consultancy dedicated to specialistmarkets within the Renewable Energy, Transportation, Defense and Aerospacesectors. No terminology within this advert isintended to unlawfully discriminate on the grounds of age, sex, race ordisability and we welcome all applications