Title: Commercial Manager (Warship Support)
Webindex: 70344801
Company: Otj Recruitment Ltd
Description: Commercial Manager  degree level qualifications  Warship support department  negotiation and organisational skills  ability to chair meetings  based Plymouth, Devon  salary negotiable/attractive We are looking for a Commercial Manager who is educated to degree level or equivalent or who has proven practical and managerial experience to work in a Warship Support department Candidates for the position of Commercial Manager (Warship Support) must have excellent negotiation and organisational skills and the ability to chair meetings at a senior level both internally and externally. The main role of the Commercial Manager (Warship Support) will be to manage commercial activities in support of the business unit as it transforms and grows within existing and new market sectors. Day to day duties will include:  Providing support and recommendations in producing and implementing strategy/policy for tendering and Contract/Subcontract negotiations.  Acting as the point focal of contact for all customers and external companies for Prime Contract commercial issues.  Negotiating major Contracts/Subcontracts and resolving major claims  Supporting the Supply Chain function, labour material estimating planning, proposals management and pipeline management as necessary.  Assisting with development of Commercial policies and procedures.  You will also make recommendations to the Commercial Director for setting and agreeing levels of customer and supplier service.  Authorising Tenders, Purchase Order and other business expenditure  Acting as the BU s commercial representative at internal and external meetings  Ensuring commercial staff are suitably qualified experienced, trained and developed  Working with the senior management team to devise develop commercial strategies When the Commercial Manager (Warship Support) applicant is in post a Training Programme will be devised. Successful candidates will need to satisfy Ministry of Defence security requirements and may be required to complete a medical assessment OTJ specialises in engineering and engineering related positions. We are currently looking for Project Managers and Engineers, designers, draughts people, Mechanical, electrical and Electronics Design engineers and draughts people, service engineers, sales engineers, avionics engineers and buyers This vacancy is advertised by Otj Recruitment Ltd. The services advertised are those of an employment agency