Title: Design Manager  Commercial Renewables
Webindex: 70076677
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview ESCommercial Sector Purpose of Role The have the principle responsible for the overall Management , and the day to day support of the Electrical mobile delivery Nationally, to Manage and support the Supervisors, review, audit and the activities of the NMS electrical engineers. To technically manage, support, audit and control the field electrical operatives and support the Electrical Supervision and the NOC management team. To have the responsibility to manage, review, audit and verify the quality and delivery of our specialist subcontract works within their defined areas. To support the estimation dept in the provision of detailed quotations, specification and business best practice with concise proposals and best value delivery. To have a responsibility to manage the Supervisors, interface with the Electrical authorising supervisors and the field engineers within the National Mobile business, and to support the performance and delivery of our services. To ensure that we provide a compliant delivery of the Electrical service in guidance of legislation, NICEIC and in guidance of our PPM programmes and reactive SLA s across our accounts. nbsp;Our services to be delivered in accordance with all associated legislation requirements, engineering policies and procedures, and within agreed financial budgets. To have the responsible for ensuring electrical engineering compliance, effectiveness and productivity to agreed targets, the managing of our activities with guidance times, and ensuring full compliance with all H amp;S polices and procedures. To review all Electrical Risk Assessments and Method statements submitted from the field technicians or our preferred ****d party suppliers, and ensure a consistency in the risk category, content and continuity in presentation prior to submission to our clients. To provide Electrical technical support to the NMS mobile engineers, and support remedial corrective work programmes, and improvement /betterment works. nbsp; To identify and mitigate potential risk in all areas of the Electrical service delivery, and to provide internal support on the review and analysis of internal / external audits by our authorising Supervisors or NICEIC. To provide daily integration and support to our contracts, clients, operational support chain supply , Estimation and integrate with our remote mobile workforce. To provide technical guidance within estimation, and undertake the review of extra works quotations / recommendations to ensure compliance with regulations. To provide periodic review and support to the NOC planning team to ensure effective PPM regimes are scheduled in alignment of best practice and Statutory Compliance. To provide Continuous improvement of the business processes, innovation, betterment and review / improve procedures to deliver consistent standards of service, to meet and exceed our customer s expectations. Key Objectives of the Role 1. Financial Manage and maintain labour and material costs within agreed limits. Manage efficient use of parts and specialist subcontractors **** People Supervisor performance management, skills development, selection amp; recruitment, induction and appropriate training to ensure supervisors are competent to undertake all required tasks. Ensure there is proactive communication including conducting Team Talk meetings. Ensure all supervisors comply with defined business and workflow processes, including purchasing and invoice approval 3. Technical Act as a Technical Expert in one or more of the NMS technical disciplines and provide this expertise across all NMS Engineering teams. Ensure technical competence of all engineers and technicians across the disciplines of Mechanical, Electrical, Fabric, Gas and Water Hygiene. Ensure all NMS Engineering services are delivered in accordance with engineering policies amp; procedures and all legislative requirements. Disseminate engineering best practice and innovation. **** Operational Delivery Ensure efficient and effective delivery of planned and reactive maintenance in a cost efficient manner to achieve contractual requirements and contract objectives Ensure planned maintenance tasks are undertaken in accordance with the maintenance plan. Ensure reactive tasks are responded to within the requirements of the service level agreement Oversee performance of subcontractors deployed to deliver to deliver planned, reactive and quoted works to ensure services are delivered in accordance with contractual requirements 5. Customer Relations Ensure engineers and supervisors maintain excellent relationships with clients, suppliers and other partners in the day to day completion of their work to meet SLA agreements Work in partnership with sector management teams to support and enhance client relationships **** Health amp; Safety Ensure that all Company H amp;S policies and procedures are rigorously enforced and promote the Carillion Target Zero and Don t Walk By initiatives Regularly review safety performance and behaviours and implement improvement plans as necessary to ensure a safe and secure working environment. Ensure all engineers/technicians work in accordance with Work Instructions, Safe Working Practices and Method Statements ensuring relevant paperwork is completed in an accurate timely manner. Work safely, ensuring the safety and well being of yourself, colleagues, customers and visitors. nbsp; **** IMS Ensure compliance with all IMS policies and procedures, including sustainability, quality and diversity. Ensure strict audit regime in place to check compliance with all legislation to meet governing body procedures Review on site Log books Job Level Overview Subject to functional policy objectives and/or general business direction, the Job Holder will work within broadly defined policies and objectives. He/She will demonstrate a detailed grasp of involved practices and procedures and will normally possess either an appropriate professional, or academic quqlification. The Job Holder s performance will have either a small impact on plc performance, or a medium impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Delivers elements within their Business Unit plan to achieve current year s performance Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 12 years Manages activities to support operational delivery and growth for their Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines Maintains effective internal and external client or user relationships within own area of responsibility Delivers Health and Safety policy and standards Implements Business Unit decisions and sets local priorities Applies high level technical skills across a range of functional or business activities Focuses on providing input to the annual business, financial and people plan for the specific contract, project or specialism Financial Accountabilities Within a Business Unit or a professional function: Works within clear budgetary guidelines Translates plans and requirements into realistic budgets and targets for subteams Promotes innovative ways to add value and reduce costs within the team. May contribute to budget planning Directs Level 1 projects People Accountabilities For a contract or multidisciplinary team: Responsible for the overall resourcing Optimises performance Undertakes performance reviews and provides training, reward and succession recommendations Full management control of people resources and is responsible for implementing disciplinary actions up to and including dismissal. Knowledge and Applied Skills Possesses knowledge of one complex functional or business area Track record of success in supporting a major business contract, Business Unit or region and/or providing support to a professional function Likely to have in excess of 5 years managerial and/or technical experience. Member of a Professional Body with Intermediate Level Qualifications as a minimum. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information We are seeking to add to our team a professional that has at least 5 years experience in the UK and Europe of designing commercial large scale ground based and roof top solar installations. We require candidates to have experience of delivering desk top evaluations and designs to both clients and external consultants. You need to have experience of performance goals, efficiency target, design, strings, panels, invertors, and initial financial and cost analysis. Candidates should have used the industry standard design tools, and produced reports for both internal and client review. We are looking for a self starter who can join a team that has a considerable pipeline in place.