Title: Production Supervisor Aviation Electronics
Webindex: 68823920
Company: ASTUTE Technical
Description: Production Supervisor ********k  Bonus and excellent benefits Havant One of the South Coast's leading Manufacturers is looking for a new Production Supervisor. This is a permanent position for someone with a great track record in Production Engineering. Our client create a wide range of bespoke electromechanical products for both Commercial, Military and Aerospace use. You will be responsible for managing the Production Team ensuring all Customer Requirements and KPI’s are met An exciting and challenging role, you'll need to have proven experience as a Supervisor in a Production Environment and be able to demonstrate experience in the following: ' Planning Production Workload and actively Managing to meet Customer Requirements ' Man Management of AIT, PCB and Cable Assembly Operatives ' Overseeing daily workload of Planning ideally with small batch, medium value and high mix of product – typically [blocked] per month. The ideal candidate will have an HNC in Mechanical and Production Engineering with 5 years experience in an Electro/Mechanical Environment. An understanding of ISO9001, Management skills and the ability to read and understand engineering drawing are essential. The role is based in Havant, Hampshire, close to motorway links and easily commutable from locations such as Portsmouth, Southampton, Fareham, Chichester, and Petersfield. The salary package will be dependent on skills and experience and is competitive, with an excellent benefits package which includes a bonus scheme. Please state your current package and notice period when applying and forward your CV to mattastutejobs.co.ukAstute Technical Recruitment / AstuteJobs are acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. We do not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and comply with all relevant UK legislation. We encourage applications from individuals from all backgrounds but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK.