Title: Top Techie / Software Developer  C, C++, Java, Cambridge, to ****k dep on experience  top benefits
Webindex: 70162266
Company: ECM Selection
Description: Top Techie / Software Developer  C, C++, Java Worldclass applications, Join some of the UK s brightest engineers Cambridge, to **** dep. on experience  top benefits Are you a highlyqualified, ambitious C, C++ or Java Software Developer who needs a new challenge? This is a challenging leadingedge design role which offers good variety and the opportunity to work alongside some of the UK s brightest software engineers. The role calls for an impressive academic record (good degree from a top university) and an indepth knowledge C, C++ or Java (and ideally some experience of using all three). You will join a team with responsibility for the whole software development toolchain for a world class DSP processor and associated embedded / software development toolkits and applications, and extensions to the eclipse development environment. You will be based in Cambridge and work closely with the team there as well as with several other teams located around the world. With an impressive academic background you must have a first or higher degree from a wellrespected university in a relevant technical or numerate subject. Any knowledge of scripting languages (e.g. bash, Perl, Python), assembler, embedded systems or Linux would also be particularly relevant. Above all, the role calls for a talented, committed and highly motivated software engineer / developer, who is able to make an outstanding contribution within a closelyknit team who are developing innovative, world class applications. In addition to a competitive salary and a superb working environment, the role offers a wide ranging benefits package which includes pension contribution, family BUPA and share scheme. Please note: even if you don t have exactly the background indicated, do contact us now if this type of job is of interest we may well have similar opportunities that you would be suited to. And of course, we always get your permission before submitting your CV to a company.