Title: Quality Engineer  Greater Belfast  URGENT
Webindex: 69145940
Company: Techmet Appointments
Description: With a major investment at our clients site in Greater Belfast, we are now seeking a Quality Engineer to join the team in this exciting period with the company. Reporting to the Quality Assurance Manager, the successful candidate will support the QA team in the achievement of departmental goals and objectives, ensuring that all products and processes achieve the desired level of quality, efficiency and reliability. PRINCIPLE DUTIES: Ensure that all products and processes achieve the desired quality, safety, efficiency and reliability levels. External and internal defect review, analysis, reporting and improvement. Maintain customer relationship via ongoing liaison, support and complaint resolution. Facilitate timely response to open customer issues, ensure internal and external documentation is produced and maintained in response. Perform follow up work on corrective actions, including documentation of corrective procedures. Support continuous improvement activities e.g. ****D reviews, corrective action plans, Kaizen events. Provide technical and problem solving advice regarding materials and production systems. Supplier/subcontractor management (certification, audits, performance management). Works closely with QA team and internal customers to maintain ISO compliance standards. Preparation of inspection plans, quality standards and creation of CMM programs. Statistical analysis of product characteristics. Keep management informed of customer / subcontractor requirements and expectations. Support new product launches, including preparation of PPAP documentation. Travel to customer and subcontractor facilities as required. Ensure compliance with the Company health, safety and environmental policies and management systems Essential Criteria: Third level qualification in an engineering/technical discipline (candidates with a lesser qualification, significant relevant experience and a demonstrated commitment to personal development will also be considered) Min. 5 years experience within a manufacturing environment Working knowledge of quality management systems including TS**** and ISO 9000, PFMEA, control plans and measurement system analysis Experience of statistical process control Proven track record in the application of problem solving techniques, e.g. 5 Why, ****D, Six Sigma. Computer literate, proficient in the use of MS Excel Desirable Criteria: Experience in machining or the automotive supply industry. Experience in a customerfacing role. Experience of interpretation of engineering drawings, geometric tolerances and the use of CMM equipment. Experience of PC DMIS, SPC Lighthouse and MS Access. The Package: Excellent salary on offer for the right candidate. (Please contact Jack for more info) More fantastic benefits, please contact Jack for more information. For more information on this exciting role, please contact Jack Hiles on: **** **** or email: jack techmet.co.uk TechMet Appointments will also be only too happy to keep you posted on other engineering roles. Engineering Appointments is what we do. TechMet Appointments are acting as the retained consultancy for this company. (TechMet is acting as a retained agency for this company). TechMet appointments are a dedicated engineering and technical consultancy. All TechMets consultants are degree/postgrad qualified in engineering and/or have over 6 years experience in industry . We will therefore be able to advise you on your suitibility for this vacancy or other positions in the pipeline. Follow our official Twitter page for the latest job vacancies we have to offer: techmetjobs 