Title: Lead Design Engineer
Webindex: 58417521
Company: JOBG8
Description: Lead Design Engineer The Design Lead Engineer is responsible for managing the daily activities of the team of designers, CAD specialists and integrators to deliver technically compliant designs on time and to budget. Key Accountabilities (These are the key deliverables and outcomes of the role)  Tasking of the design team and management of performance to ensure appropriate and efficient use of resources  Management of external dependencies and internal issues in order to provide design outputs (models, drawings and other technical data) to manufacturing.  Liaison with all stakeholders including manufacturing, procurement, ME, Chief Engineering and Stress to deliver designs that are not only technically compliant to specification, but also optimized to provide a product that can be manufactured within leadtime and cost.  Providing reporting (through use of Key Performance Indicators etc) to show progress and corrective action plans to Remedy deficiencies.  Providing technical guidance and oversight to the design team to develop quality designs that adhere to process.  Management of offload activity, where subcontracted to other organizations, ensuring all above objectives are met.  Providing approval signature to data released from the design organization (including reports, specifications and drawings) Skills, Experience and Qualifications  Applicants should have a sound background in Aerospace Engineering and Manufacturing with experience in components and assemblies.  Proven track record in managing a team  Relevant Degree, Qualification or proven experience within the Aerospace Sector.  Hold or have the necessary experience and skill set to attain Design signatory status.  Understanding of engineering processes and systems.  Experience of CATIA V**** and other relevant design packages. Person Specification  Ability to lead a team of individuals towards a common goal  Able to effectively manage workload of self and others within prescribed timeframes.  High levels of attention to detail and accuracy; able to consider varied and abstract concepts.  Excellent communication skills (written & verbal) at all organisational levels  Able to influence stakeholders at all levels but particular expertise in influencing within a senior peer group will be key.  Able to work successfully across a multi site team including working with third party suppliers. These positions are Bristol based offering up to ****K Perm.