Title: Field Sales Engineer Industrial Control & Automation
Webindex: 71357144
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Field Sales Engineer Industrial Control Automation Circa ****K OTE DOE inc Basic Bonus plus Car Pension, PMI, Life Assurance and other Benefits. On behalf of our Client we have an excellent opportunity for an experienced Area Sales Engineer with a proven track record as a business developer and excellent salesman in the Electrical sector. The Sales Engineer will be selling a range of high quality Industrial Automation products, i.e. PLC, Control Gear, Drives, Sensors, HMI and Process Instrumentation into the OEM, End User, System Integrator and Panel Builder markets across the Region of Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire, Buckingham, Northamptonshire and Oxfordshire. As the successful candidate, you will have sales and technical experience in the Industrial Automation industry coupled with a record of sales success and achievement. A formal qualification in an Electrical/Electronic discipline to ONC/HND or above is likely. Ideally you will also have benefitted from further career development training to enhance your sales skills. As is usual you will be working to achieve defined sales targets and capable of developing a personal plan in order to achieve your objectives through managing and further developing an existing portfolio of accounts whilst constantly striving to identify new avenues of business. Excellent attributes such as good organisational and communication skills, along with the ability to be an effective team player whilst enjoying a level of autonomy are essential, as are capability with Microsoft packages. To register your interest contact us with an up to date CV and we will be pleased to call you for a confidential discussion. To view more of our positions click on the Rise logo at the top of this page. We work across a range of business to business/B2B market sectors including Renewable Energy, Electrical, Control Automation, Electronic, Renewable Energy, Pneumatics, Hydraulics, Fluid Power, Instrumentation, Engineering services companies, Industrial Consumables, Industrial Components, Capital Equipment, Material Handling, Scientific Equipment, Petrochemical and Utilities. Rise Executive Search Recruitment Ltd are currently working on a wide range of business to business/B2B sales positions, account management, business development and sales management roles including: Sales Manager, UK Sales Manager, National Sales Manager, Country Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Area Sales Manager, Sales Executive, Senior Sales Executive, National Account Manager, Business Development Manager, Key Account Manager, Account Executive, National Account Executive, Sales Specialist, Global Account Manager, Sales Representative, Territory Sales, Field Sales, Client Relationship Manager, Sales Engineer, Sales Consultant, Technical Sales, Senior Sales Engineer, Export Sales, International Sales, European