Title: Internal Sales Support
Webindex: 67949065
Company: Aegis Media LTD  
Description: Internal Sales Support Mechanical Process Equipment Based: West Midlands Basic Salary Circa: ****  10% OTE Bonus  25 Days Holiday  Pension Scheme  Private Healthcare Our client is a significant player in the supply of hygienic valves, accessories and spares to the brewing, diary and niche (cosmetics/pharma) markets. The parent company currently have revenues of approximately $**** billion, employs **** people worldwide, working with clients and partners on six continents. They business focus in three global operating segments: Water Fluid Solutions, Valves Controls, and Technical Solutions. The Role:  The major goal for the role is to provide support and resource for two external sale people and one sales agent to help maximise sales and revenues for the client s product range to the Beverage and Dairy industry.  Manage and control all aspects of order and sales administration to ensure optimum efficiencies and to sustain margin levels within budget expectations.  To manage all external sales quotations are prepared in house for delivery to the client, on time, this is both for the UK office and branches in Germany.  All sales quotation estimates are prepared within margin guidelines and against appropriate catalogue pricing.  All In house quotations are prepared within expectations and followed up as potential sales within 2 weeks.  All sales files are compiled and maintained in line with good business practices, so stock orders can be optimised.  Provide regular updates to management on margin performance for the group. The Requirements:  Ideally situated within half an hour from the main office in Droitwich.  Requires Mechanical Engineering skills and understanding along with an appreciation of process technologies.  Candidates with brewing/beverage/dairy experience will be considered ahead of all other candidates.  The role requires the candidate to be based in the office 5 days a week.  Enthusiasm, determination and a Do It Now attitude are a prerequisite for the role.  This opportunity offers a genuine opportunity for advancement within 12 months to an external sales role therefore applicants should be very career minded as the organisation invest heavily in the training and development of their people. Please apply by Monday 21st January to be considered for the role.