Title: Marine Proposals Engineer
Webindex: 70615164
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for a recent graduate to join an expanding marine organisation in London Starting from the initial customer request for a new system, the successful candidate will use Geographical Information Systems to select suitable landing points and define the routes across the seabed to link them. Consideration must be given to a wide range of factors to reach the optimum solution, including customer objectives, physical oceanography, system design and installation technology, and regulatory matters. After defining a route, the next responsibility is to construct the projected cost of installing the system. This involves a combination of inhouse MS Excel tools and soliciting quotations from potential subcontractors. Final preparation of the offer to the customer requires the production of high quality written documents. During contract negotiations attendance may be required at customer clarification meetings in support of the sales teams. These meetings may be located anywhere in the world and include the opportunity to make customer presentations and answer questions. Travel to internal meetings at the headquarters near Paris is also a requirement of the position. This is diverse role within a multidisciplinary team, with opportunities to progress into related functions such as marine operations management, project management, commercial tendering and environmental studies/permitting. Qualifications The successful candidate must be able to demonstrate An organised approach and the ability to work to deadlines under the pressure of a bidding environment A good standard of numeracy and familiarity with MS Excel Presentation skills Teamwork Written communication skills Willingness to travel, sometimes at short notice University degree or equivalent experience An interest or background in the maritime environment will be an advantage, however full training will be provided in the necessary technical areas. The position may be equally relevant to candidates with qualifications in economics or business studies as it is to those from a technical discipline. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.