Title: Electrical Building Services Engineer FM
Webindex: 72406786
Company: Conrad Consulting Ltd
Description: Our client are a Facilities Management Consultancy that advises on the engineering services aspects of building operation entailing auditing of technical/contractual and regulatory compliance. Due to the success of their business they are currently looking for a Senior Engineer to join their team. This is an excellent opportunity to join a growing company, with the prospects of career advancement. The ideal candidate should have at least 57 years minimum of relevant experience in building services and ideally be Chartered or working towards Chartership. You should have the ability to work on own initiative, be able to build relationships with clients, write clear and concise reports, present findings to clients who are usually building/facilities managers working either directly for property owners or managing agents as term consultants. Ideally the successful candidate will have experience in: Inspect building services plant and equipment to ensure the services are operating safely and efficiently. Monitor the contractor performance on planned preventive maintenance and minor works. Examine maintenance records, carry out checks on contractor invoices to ensure value for money. Review progress on any landlord or tenant works and their impact on the operation of the property. Advise on any additional works required, review contractor s quotes and ensure the works are undertaken at competitive market rates. Ensure that clients are properly advised of statutory obligations. Inspect the Water Hygiene Log Book and other documentation to ensure that the contractor complies both with his contractual and legal obligations. Arrange and attend meetings with the building/facilities manager and the contractor s representatives to review their performance, additional works and any landlord or tenant related matters. Respond to adhoc enquiries and attend site for inspections and meetings when required. This will include advice associated with tenant issues. Carry out audits and condition surveys, programme for works including cost estimates and works programmes Prepare and write reports on installed equipment with recommendations. Advise on the implementation of plant replacement programmes, associated budget requirements, prioritisation, programming etc. Advise on engineering services budget within the service charge. Prepare specification and tender documentation, carry out tender exercise, analyse tenders received and make recommendations to client; produce maintenance contracts, small project works documentation and oversee the works