Title: Asset Management Engineer
Webindex: 69078992
Company: Adept
Description: Job Title Asset Management Engineer Contract Type Fixed Term: circa. 22 months Location Castleford, West Yorkshire (preferred) Shiremoor, Newcastle (alternative) The Company Operating within the electrical utilities sector, our Client is one of the leading distribution businesses in the UK, supplying more than 3.6 million locations from Northumberland to North Lincolnshire. They are currently investing in a highly ambitious and exciting IT/Business Change Programme to increase productivity and profitability that entails the replacement of their asset register, geographic system and maintenance management system. The Opportunity Our Client is looking for an experienced Asset Management Engineer to help them deliver a major project over the next two years. This is a fantastic opportunity to develop knowledge and experience of the new asset information systems and their links with other corporate systems, as well as influencing how they maximise their investment in their electrical assets. The Role As an experienced engineer with extensive experience of working for a Distribution Network Operator (DNO), the successful candidate will be part of a team that will play a critical role in the replacement of the Client s asset register, geographic system and maintenance management system. You will have experience of developing engineering policy or guidance for Preventative and Corrective Maintenance in an asset centric business. You will be responsible for leading the interactions between Oracle eAM super users and a range of Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) to ensure all relevant aspects of Inspection and Maintenance (I Arranging and facilitating meetings with key stakeholders and SMEs. Analysing and understanding the Client s I Defining naming conventions for each I For each activity, draw upon the knowledge of the Client s SMEs to create, harmonise and rationalise inspection and maintenance questionnaires and range of answers to meet the needs of the business. Documenting the outputs of interactions with SMEs and recommending minor modifications to I Assessing the impact of policy changes upon the new Oracle eAM system, whereby mass policy change could impact upon the design of the system. Developing and documenting the rules required, triggering a remedial task (Corrective Maintenance) from the results of a questionnaire for all asset types. Developing the rules required for the generation of work orders for each I Liaising with the Data Conversion Lead with regard to the relevant I Liaising with the Test Coordinator with regard to a range of User Acceptance Tests Essential Skills and Qualifications You will be an experienced engineer with both policy and practice experience within a Distribution Network Operator. Have knowledge of the typical I Able to lead a small team and have the ability to act as a good facilitator. Excellent attention to detail. Strong written skills, having had some experience of authoring technical documents, preferably at policy or Code of Practice level. Strong communication skills, having the ability to communicate effectively with key stakeholders. Able to interpret information in support of decision making. Ability to work as an individual and motivate yourself without direct supervision whilst being an effective member of a small team. Strong project management skills with the ability to prioritise tasks, particularly when workload presents conflicting demands on time. Good problem solver. Competent in the use of Microsoft Office applications. Desirable Skills and Qualifications HND or degree qualified in an electrical engineering or similar discipline with relevant experience gained working with a Distribution Network Operator. Experience of working with large volumes of data from disparate sources. Has knowledge of the PAS **** Asset Management standard. The Benefits Salary  **** **** per annum (dependent upon qualifications and experience)