Title: Rolling Stock Technician Job
Webindex: 72480209
Company: Clemtech
Description: Rolling Stock Technician Job Ref **** based in Newcastle We are looking for Engineers experienced Diesel and Electric Traction Engine Systems Technicians If you have Experience of working on Diesel Units or Electrical Traction Engines An indepth knowledge of Electrical and Electronics Systems Traction Systems Knowledge of Large Scale Electrical Motors, Induction Motors, and Inverter Drives Electrical Qualification HNC or above The ability to regularly work away from home as the role requires you to work at various locations Salary level c****k plus financial benefits Daily duties will be to  Provide technical training, technical support and faultfinding expertise  Assist with examinations and repair activities.  Auditing of maintenance and repair work  Fault finding and assistance with exam and repair activities.  Dynamic testing of train systems  Fault finding and investigate intermittent faults on vehicles  On train fault diagnosis / rectification  Investigation of technical problems on DMUs.  Assist with the Technical Review of documentation issued in support of maintenance and repair activities, and special checks, modifications and experiments  Assist in the implementation of the Maintenance Schedule amendments and other technical instructions.  Assist with the preparation of locally produced technical instructions and provide technical advice in connection with modifications, special checks and experiments.  Liaise with specialist engineers to resolve technical problems with procedures, materials, component problems (both within and outside the scope of the warranty system) and in connection with special checks, modifications and experiments.  Plan and deliver technical training This is a Permanent position based in the Newcastle area and is commutable from Ashington, Blyth, Birtley, Chester Le Street, Dudley, Gateshead, Hartlepool, Jarrow, Morpeth, Newcastle Upon Tyne, South Shields, Sunderland, Wallsend, Whiteley Bay. If this role is right for the next stage of your career development then email your CV for an initial discussion The System Technicians Job was posted by Clements Technical Recruitment (Clemtech) Clemtech are a Technical Recruitment Agency specialising in placing engineering, technical and office support staff in both contract and permanent vacancies. From our Head Office we deliver comprehensive recruitment solutions across the UK, Europe and Overseas providing our clients and candidates alike with unparalleled service, support and opportunities. Application for this position and subsequent acceptance to attend an interview for the Rolling Stock Technician Job will be evident of your willingness to work in the Role This job vacancy is only open to candidates authorised to work in the U.K.