Title: Crypto Systems Test Engineer  Cryptopgraphy
Webindex: 71444420
Company: Executive Recruitment Services
Description: Crypto Systems Test Engineer  Cryptography Location  Middlesex Salary  ****  **** A world renowned Defence Sector Engineering organisation are currently seeking a Systems Test Engineer to work on a complex cryptographic project. Reporting directly to the ITEA Lead, the successful candidate will be responsible for the test activities associated with the verification and compliance testing of a leading cryptographic project. The Systems Test Engineer will have the following remit   Conduct of Integration Test, Evaluation and Acceptance activities for the development of cryptographic equipment.  Production of verification and validation test plans and procedures. Ensuring that the Validation and Verification criteria are accurately captured and are traceable to the requirements  Execute the ITEA activities in accordance with the development schedule and ITEA Working Groups with the customer and end user.  Analysis and presentation of the acceptance evidence as a formal report. Successful candidates will have the following skill sets/experience   Proven experience of the verification and validation project lifecycle (Integration, Verification, Validation and Acceptance).  Experience of integrating and testing software, firmware and hardware in a development environment  Experience in the design and use of test rigs and fixtures to perform functional and parametric testing.  Experience and familiarity with common electronics test equipment used for data communications and measurement, e.g. Oscilloscopes, Logic analysers, Protocol analysers etc.  Experience of producing verification matrices and test reports.  Familiarity and use of requirements management tools, requirements capture, analysis and traceability.  Ability to conduct detailed results analysis and interpretation and the production of test reports.  Experience of communications systems/data links and/or products.  Experience of Environmental, EMC, TEMPEST and functional qualification testing and ability to support testing at internal and off site facilities. Please note  ability to obtain UK SC secret clearance is a prerequisite for this role. This is a great opportunity for Systems Engineers to take their career to the next level within a growing engineering environment. Call Paul Goddard on **** **** for further details, or send your CV to paul_goddarders.co.uk.