Title: Electronics Test Technician
Webindex: 69190910
Company: Enjoy Recruitment Group
Description: Electronics Test Equipment Technician Location: Gloucestershire Salary: **** to **** per hour as this is a limited company contractor role. Contract Duration: 6 months Education: Degree/HND/ONC Electronics Experience: 3 years experience in the repair and manufacture of specialized electronic test equipment The Electronics Test Equipment Technician carries out a dual role. Approximately **** per cent of the role will be working on the nonroutine maintenance of a wide variety of manufacturing support equipment and the Electronics Test Equipment Technician will have a good knowledge of electrical/electronic equipment and be capable of fault finding to both modular and component level using various items of test equipment including power supplies, multimeters, oscilloscopes and function generators. The Electronics Test Equipment Technician will be expected to fault find with whatever drawing cover is available and to time restraints. Once the problem is isolated, the incumbent is expected to suggest sources for the parts required, by talking to external suppliers and negotiating for fast deliveries. The Electronics Test Equipment Technician will also build test equipment designed by the Test Equipment Engineers, which will involve all the electronics production skills including soldering, wire looming, component familiarity, rack wiring, drilling and engraving. It also includes producing drawings, designing prototype pcb layouts, procuring parts, cable manufacture, testing and fault finding. The Electronics Test Equipment Technician will have good communication skills to be able to negotiate with Supervisors, Technicians and Operators, who are also working to tight time restraints and may be frustrated due to delays caused by breakdowns and repairs. We experience very high response rates to our vacancy advertisements. We do not however feel this is any excuse for not acknowledging your application and as part of our total candidate care initiative we will always endeavour to do so. If you have not heard from us **** working days from the date of your application please contact us for an explanation. Enjoy Technical acts as an employment agency and as an employment business as defined by the Employment Agencies and Employment Business Regulations **** Enjoy Technical is an equal opportunities employer and offers a free and confidential service to candidates.Enjoy Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.