Title: Appliance Engineer – White Goods Windsor & Reading
Webindex: 72564389
Company: British Gas + Dyno Group 
Description: Field based and with the minimum of supervision you will service, diagnose faults and repair domestic electrical appliances (white goods) and carry out basic electrical repairs to the required quality and safety standards ensuring cost effectiveness and a high level of customer satisfaction.  Provide customers with sound, professional advice on their electrical appliances and electrical installation and keep the customer well informed while work is in progress and on completion.  Carry out surveys and prepare estimates to ensure all opportunities are taken to create new business and increase customer retention and loyalty with a view to building the highest reputation with the customer.  Provide accurate information on products and services to ensure consistency across the organisation and provide a reliable and trustworthy customer service. Positively promote British Gas and its products to increase customer awareness and increase the profitability of the business.  Operate computerised British Gas systems to maintain accurate and secure records and more specifically to retrieve work, order parts, replenish stock, update records and view customer information.  Deal positively with customer complaints, speedily resolving these in the most cost effective way while ensuring that high levels of customer satisfaction are maintained and escalating to your Line Manager where necessary.  Within your team you should play a proactive role in achieving personal and group targets. The jobholder will also need to communicate effectively ideas, views and initiatives with team members and Line Managers.  Adhere to the Competence and Training procedures with a focus on Health and Safety. You will ensure appropriate PPE is worn when appropriate and escalate any risks to your Line Manager. Requirements  With a clear focus on customer awareness and the commercial aims of British Gas carry out servicing and repairs of domestic electrical appliances (white goods) and basic electrical repairs in customers premises to the highest standards with a clear focus on efficiency, safety and customer satisfaction.  You MUST be able to demonstrate current practical experience working in the service and repair of Domestic Appliance Market.  S/NVQ in electrical repair is desirable but not essential  Hold a current full manual drivers licence valid for use within the UK  Competent in the safe operation of all necessary equipment  Computer literacy in order to operate customer related information systems Responsibilities  Maintain good customer relations at all times  Work as part of a team with Line Manager and other Technical staff within area.  Maintain good working relations and communicate regularly with the support team in the operational centre regarding workload issues etc.  Positively promote British Gas, applying the British Gas Values in all day to day activities.  Key Success Factors: maintained customer satisfaction levels, maintained minimum service delivery levels in line with productivity targets number of return visits. The Individual  You will have excellent customer relationship and communication skills  You must be selfreliant, responsible and able to demonstrate pride and effort in anything you undertake.  You must demonstrate the ability to effectively prioritise work loads  You will have excellent problem solving skills to diagnose defects  You will have the ability to read and understand technical drawings  You will be confident in product promotion and providing best advice to customers  As the public face of British Gas you will need to present the company's worldclass image at all times, through the quality of your work and the way you deal with customers and the public at large.