Title: Technical Manager  Peterborough
Webindex: 69669147
Company: Randstad
Description: Technical Manager required for successful residential developer based out of Peterborough. You will join a growing team and work on a diverse range of projects. The successful candidate will have worked on a variety of residential projects. Ideally you will also have a reasonable working knowledge of CAD. Duties  Requesting consultant fee proposals and obtaining signed appointments and collateral warranties.  Manage and coordinate consultant, specialist subcontractor and suppliers designs.  Check designs comply with the employers requirements and all related criteria such as the CfSH, Building for Life ect.  Preparing monthly design report, design programmes and information requires schedules  Securing building regulations, discharge of planning conditions, and warranty certificates  Obtain statutory utility services diversions and new supplies quotes  Preparing design and build and stats fee schedules and material specifications  Chair and record design team and internal design review meetings  Maintain and distribute the current design information  Preparing and issuing the contractor s proposals, and comment on the employer s requirements  Where applicable commission and manage the production of specialist reports/surveys/tests: soil, sound air, traffic, flood, sustainability, ecological, topographical, asbestos, archaelogical, party wall, CCTV drainage surveys, SAP, CfSH, air tightness etc  Ensure the issue of the asbuild drawings  Securing sectional agreements and technical approvals  Assist the preparation of prepossession cost schedule  Line manager for assistant and trainee technical coordinators within their team  Comment on Consultant, Specialist Subcontractor and Supplier designs.  Represent the Technical Team at Client Meetings. In return you will receive an excellent basic salary and benefits and you will be given the chance to take on more management responsibility and choose where to take your career. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.