Title: Electrical Design Engineer
Webindex: 59104814
Company: Anglo Technical Recruitment
Description: Electrical Design Engineer  Essex. My client an established building services are renowned for providing first class detailed design, project management and construction management services to utility bodies, developers and contractors throughout the United Kingdom. Due to increased workload they now have an immediate permanent requirement for an electrical design engineer with a minimum of 4 years' UK work experience to join their team in their Essex office working on residential developments. As an electrical engineer you would be required to: Design and specify internal small power networks, internal lighting, IRS, AOV, passenger lift and communications systems on residential developments (houses, low and high rise flatted schemes). Design and specify external lighting and lightning protection schemes along with associated infrastructure. Provide spatial planning advice to architectural and structural disciplines. You should be able and willing to support the Mechanical Design Engineer and learn and take ownership for a reasonable level of complementary skill for the mechanical design discipline. You should be confident and proactive and be able to represent the company and its best interests in meetings with clients and other stakeholders. The role is primarily office based, but you must hold a driving license and provide your own transport to attend regular design team meetings and site visits. You must have practical experience of contractor's fitouts and will be expected to assess and comment upon workmanship at first and second fix and prepare summary reports of findings for the client. You should be qualified to a minimum of HNC/HND level and preferably be Chartered/Chartered eligible or IEng. In return they offer a salary of up to ****pa  pension according to experience. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectricalDesignEngineer_job****