Title: Principal Electronic Design Engineer
Webindex: 68674717
Company: F10 Recruitment Solutions
Description: Position: Principal Electronic Design Engineer Location: Stevenage, Hertfordshire. UK Salary: Circa ****  excellent company benefits dependant on experience The Role My client is a leading designer and manufacture of cutting edge missile and precision guided weapon systems. With the historic and continuing success of the company and their product range, my client are in a period of sustained personnel growth and are Accountabilities  Responsible for defining the optimum electrical architecture for all variants of the munition ensuring the electrical architecture and interfaces meet requirements.  Responsible for establishing project Processing and Communications policy and the Earthing and Bonding policy, based on existing Company policies.  Propose processor choice operating system choice, in line with Company policies.  Recommend databus types and routing.  Responsible for the missile level power system, including power budget, power profiles and surges.  Responsible for the missile signal safety design, to include routing of safety related signals, rules for signal separations in cable looms and on connector pin outs, plus special features such as dual redundancy  Influence missile subsystem interface definition through the definition of the discrete signals and their interfaces.  Act as main point of contact for all technical issues relating to the avionics` architecture for the missile.  Responsible for the Telemetry System architecture for the missile.  Act as RMO, (Head of) for specific electronic subsystems of the missile.  Responsible for producing Statements of Work and plans for activities within their sphere of responsibility.  Technically manage internal external suppliers for delivery of subsystem work packages to time, cost, quality and performance requirements.  Interface with and manage customer expectations throughout the development process.  Responsible for controlling any assigned budgets, managing personal workload and identifying any further resource needs.  Responsible for direct technical supervision of engineers within their team and indirect management of engineers in the extended project team. Requirements / Skills  Educated to degree level with **** to **** years` experience or an equivalent qualification having obtained substantial experience of electrical and electronic engineering, including:  Digital electronics microprocessor systems.  Analogue electronics RF.  Electronic systems to perform Image Processing Algorithms.  Power Electronics.  Good understanding of broader engineering disciplines, including:  Systems design.  Safety systems  Ability to technically manage internal subcontract activities.  Strong leadership skills, able to establish a clear engineering vision.  Ability to influence managers and other stakeholders across the company.  Determination desire to succeed.  Strong interpersonal and well developed communication skills (written verbal).  Willingness to travel within UK when required. The Company My client is a highly regarded defence systems designer and manufacturer working across air, sea and land systems. F**** The F10 Group offers the services of an Employment Agency for permanent recruitment and the services of an Employment Business for contract recruitment. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PrincipalElectronicDesignEngineer_job****