Title: Mechanical Engineer  Leicester, Leicestershire
Webindex: 65187614
Company: Tribepost Ltd
Description: TribePost Ltd are working on behalf of our clientto fill this vacancy Available vacancy: Mechanical Engineer This position is based in: Leicester, Leicestershire Salary: ****k  ****k DOE Job Description Our client is currently looking for a Mechanical Engineer with proven ability to improve process efficiencies, reduce set up and production times, eliminate scrap, etc. using engineering principles to provide efficient solutions to the development of processes and products. The successful candidate will be required to work on projects ranging from small component designs to process control of plant or machinery. They will work on all stages of a product, from research and development to design and production. Effective use of statistical process control tools such as control charts and Process Capability Index must be demonstrated and documentation of standard work will need to be produced and updated to allow other employees within the department to follow a process. Key Responsibilities • Planning and designing new production processes; • Designing and implementing costeffective equipment modifications to help improve safety, reliability and throughput; • Developing, testing and evaluating theoretical designs; • Discussing and solving complex problems with manufacturing departments, subcontractors, suppliers and customers; • Making sure products and processes are repeatable and will perform consistently in specified operating environments; • Developing a project specification with colleagues • Managing projects using engineering principles and techniques; • Producing details of specifications and outline designs; • Recommending modifications following prototype test results; • Using research, analytical, conceptual planning skills, particularly mathematical modelling and CAD; • Considering the implications of issues such as cost, safety and time constraints; • Working with other professionals, within and outside the engineering specialism; • Monitoring and commissioning plant and systems. The responsibilities listed above are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all tasks to be performed. Additional duties are likely to be required as directed by the Department Manager Key relationships The Mechanical Engineer will liaise closely with all department heads to identify manufacturing problems Physical Demands This position will involve physical activities such as transporting optics to and from the coating department. Frequent lifting of weights in excess of ****kgs may be required. To perform this job successfully an individual must be able to carry out each duty satisfactorily. Reasonable adjustments may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions. These guidelines are provided to assist you in the performance of your role. Our client is a dynamic organisation; therefore changes to your duties may be required from time to time Person Specification Criteria How Identified General Education and qualifications • Engineering degree (E)  Certifications Required Professional Qualifications • Mechanical engineering Qualifications (D)  Certificates must be provided Experience • Previous Knowledge and experience of working within industry (D) • Experience in Lean Six sigma (D) • Experience in project management (E)  References from previous employment Skills / Abilities • Knowledge of engineering principles and procedures (E) • Knowledge of design applications.(E) • Knowledge of mechanical equipment and systems (E) • Skill in applying engineering principles and procedures. (E) • Skill in engineering design applications. (E) • Skill in both verbal and written communication • Good communication skills (E) • Strong leadership skills (E) • The ability to delegate with little or no input from department manager (E) • Computing skills • AutoCAD (D) • Good Handling Skills (E) Through interview Personal Attributes • Motivated (E) • Working well to own initiative (D) • Confident (E)  Through interview (E)  Essential – you must already have the criteria in order to be considered for the role (D)  Desirable – there is no requirement to have the criteria but it could be an advantage to being able to perform the role This vacancy is being advertised by TribePost Ltd. The services advertised by TribePost Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. This vacancy would be of interest to job seekers searching for the following vacancies: Mechanical Engineer This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MechanicalEngineerLeicesterLeicestershire_job****