Title: Toolmaker (Injection Moulding)
Webindex: 71369329
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment
Description: Toolmaker (Injection Moulding) Folkestone, Kent Excellent role on offer for a time served injection mould toolmaker looking to join a highly reputable company that can offer you excellent training and opportunities to work loads of overtime and progress to a master toolmaker. Are you looking to relocate to an up and coming seaside town of Folkestone? Are you a time served Toolmaker looking to join a growing business where you will work within a close knit team of toolmakers whilst working on technically interesting tooling for a range of industries such as the Aerospace, Automotive, Medical and Packaging sectors? This expanding market leading business design and manufacture a range of special purpose machinery and tooling for a range of industries such as the Aerospace, Military, Automotive and Packaging Industry. With 20% growth this year they are looking organically grow the business and are therefore looking to recruit a highly skilled injection mould toolmaker. You will be required to manufacture new injection mould tooling whilst working hands on machining and EDM. You will work closely with other teams within the company as well as liaise directly with customers and suppliers. This varied role will offer you an opportunity to progress to a Master Toolmaker and also earn an excellent remuneration package due to plenty of overtime available. This role would ideally suit an experienced toolmaker looking to join a stable yet growing business who has experience of injection mould tools and is looking to develop their skills technically and also earn an attractive package. The Role:  Injection Mould Toolmaking  Trialing and testing of tooling  Trouble shooting  Machine components and spare parts from CAD drawings  Liaise with production and engineering departments  Working Monday to Friday Day Shift  ****ph  Unlimited Overtime (OTE ****k )  Flexible Working  25 Days Holiday  Pension  Healthcare  Bonus The Person:  Time Served Toolmaker  Must have experience of Injection Mould Tooling  Able to read engineering drawings  Ideally have experience of EDM and Machining Injection moulding, machinist, toolmaker, tooling, milling, grinding, turning, CNC, manufacturing, plastics, blow moulding, mould, plastics, jigs, fittings, precision To apply for this role or for to be considered for further roles, please contact us on: (Apply online only) or visit our website at (url removed) If you are applying for this vacancy please attach your CV in Microsoft Word format, unfortunately we cannot accept PDF files and doing so will hinder your application. This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from engineering candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed