Title: Maintenance Manager  Automotive Manufacturing
Webindex: 72294342
Company: Jonathan Lee Recruitment
Description: Maintenance Manager Salary ?****k Manufacturing  Rotherham An experienced Maintenance Manager with a strong manufacturing background and experience of a variety of manufacturing processes is required for a varied role with a leading manufacturing company based in Rotherham. The main responsibilities of the role are providing cost effective, efficient and effective equipment installation and full support service for all production equipment, plant and buildings. To optimise operational performance through regular planned maintenance and improvement activities and provide efficient equipment breakdown service. Also to provide an environmental, health and safety (EHS) service adhering to current UK legislation and higher company standards where appropriate. Managing a multi skilled engineering team Responsible for both reactive maintenance and updating PPM schedules and ensuring work is carried out to standard Will be working closely with the Preproduction department, including involvement in design sign off, equipment review and training to achieve a smooth handover into production and ensure reliability, maintainability and durability Must have up to date knowledge of EHS legislation Liaise with EHS authorities and to advise on EHS issues. To provide a structure which effectively communicates and trains as appropriate EHS issues to the workforce. Candidate should be educated to degree level in Mechanical or Electrical Engineering or related discipline however relevant work experience also acceptable. You should have an understanding of facility engineering experience and ideally a holder of NEBOSH certificate or diploma. If you are interested in this Maintenance Manager role please contact Joe Worthington on [blocked] as soon as possible. Your CV will be forwarded to Jonathan Lee Recruitment, a leading engineering and manufacturing recruitment consultancy established in 1978. The services advertised by Jonathan Lee Recruitment are those of an Employment Agency.