Title: Cabling Installation Engineer
Webindex: 72691384
Company: Manpower Technical St Albans
Description: Field Operations Cabling Installation Engineer for Londonbased startup broadband service provider Our client is a seedfunded startup fibre optic broadband service provider based in London, UK. Who will soon be offering unprecedented high speed fibre to the home and business products. We are now recruiting for Field Operations Cabling Installation Engineers. The role holder will be responsible for a wide range of onsite based activities throughout the installation process. Additional activities will involve supporting the installation supervisor and/or Deployment Manager. We are looking for a responsible, experienced, highly skilled individual that would like to be part of building a successful broadband business. With demonstrable breadth of hands on technical experience, you ll have the opportunity to play a key role in growth of the Field Operations team and form a vital component in the future of the company. You are used to working in an organized way with strong focus on delivery in a timely manner. You are a team player while also being able to take initiatives and solve problems on your own. The position is currently a contract, parttime (adhoc, office hours basis). You will be expected to be available at **** hours notice. As the company grows the role may mature into a permanent and full time position. The role will be mainly onsite based work. Initial deployment will be predominantly around London, but extending to a UK wide footprint within 12 months. The position is available immediately. Necessary attributes/Qualifications 3 years of end to end structured cabling installation experience, including: Performing and documenting site surveys Cat**** cable installation (Cable pulling and cable management, termination testing) Cat****e cable termination and testing Fibre optic cable installation Data cabinet installation Excellent light domestic building work skills (drilling, making good) ****Working with deployment related documentation to support installation (Surveys, RAMS, HLRA, BoM) Installation and Commissioning of communications equipment Completing handover / acceptance documentation Familiarisation with Construction Engineering Health Safety regulations Excellent communication skills Some IT literacy (MS Word, Excel, Outlook) CSCS certified LV electrical experience / competence is highly desirable.