Title: Catering Engineer
Webindex: 69080469
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment
Description: Service Engineer (Catering) London Excellent role on offer for an experienced Service Engineer looking to join the market leaders that can offer excellent training and progress you to a senior engineer whilst earning an excellent salary. Are you a Service Engineer with experience of the service and maintenance of catering equipment looking to earn at least ****k  ****k per year where you can progress to senior positions? This market leading company specialise in the Installation, service and maintenance of catering equipment across the UK for a range of leading companies. Due to winning some lucrative contracts they are now looking to recruit a Service Engineer to cover the London area. With a huge new contract, the best name in the industry and a flexible and technically challenging role, this job represents an exciting opportunity. You will be working on a variety of equipment for the catering industry. This well established organisation is renowned for looking after its employees and has investors in people status. This role would ideally suit an experienced Catering Service Engineer with **** or more ComCat qualifications. They can train on the LPG Gas certificates as well as any other areas needed therefore this is an exciting role which will enable to get excellent training as well as earning a huge salary. The Role;  Covering the Leeds area you will service and maintain catering equipment in commercial and industrial sites.  Working from home.  Excellent training and development.  Being the main point of contact for the customer. The Person:  Must live in and around London  Must have Catering equipment experience with a COMCAT qualification  Excellent customer facing skills.  Enjoy the variety of a field service role.  Ideally have an Electrical engineering qualification.  Enthusiastic and flexible team player with a thirst for training and development. Catering, service, engineer, electrical, mechanical, ACS, LPG, COMCAT, mechanical, ovens, white goods, dishwashers, glasswashers, London Please send all CV s and applications or alternatively call (Apply online only). To be considered for further roles, please contact us on: (Apply online only) or visit our website at (url removed) If you are applying for this vacancy please attach your CV in Microsoft Word format, unfortunately we cannot accept PDF files and doing so will hinder your application. This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from engineering candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed