Title: Mechanical FE analyst
Webindex: 69079284
Company: Solid Contracts Ltd
Description: Job Title FE Analyst Industry Consultancy Discipline Mechanical Engineer ****D CAD System SolidWorks and Abaqus Location South West Appointment Type Permanent Job Description Want to work for a dedicated engineering based consultancy that specialise in Finite Element Analysis solutions to engineering problems. The company are looking for a highly intelligent engineer to join their team of skilled analysts to use Abaqus to solve complicated engineering problems for various industries. This role involves:  Making informed decisions and assumptions for engineering based analysis of designs.  Creating FE models and meshes on Abaqus.  Discussing engineering criteria with clients.  Working on products from all sorts of industries including Oil & Gas, Power generation  Various areas of analysis including vibration, thermal, static and dynamic loading. This is not a CAD heavy role and is not for someone who just wants to run an FE program. You will be responsible for making your own assumptions and backing up your results. Person Specification The ideal person for this role would be a skilled engineer with an interest in using FE analysis tools to solve engineering problems. You would need to have a grounded understanding of FE tools as well as a practical understanding of general engineering principles. You would need:   Experience in creating FE models (preferably using Abaqus or Nastran or similar)  Experience in writing engineering based technical reports  Experience dealing with clients on a technical level.  A good problem solver that can think on their feet and propose sound solutions Qualifications & Experience Ideal qualification would be a PhD in a related mechanical discipline using FE analysis as part of their final thesis. This said MEng or MSc would be considered also if the interest in FE tools is shown. Experience using FE in an engineering company would be extremely useful. Salary Package **** to **** pa based on experience and education