Title: Mechanical Design Engineer  Derby
Webindex: 70675883
Company: Randstad
Description: We are currently looking for an ambitious Mechanical Engineer to join our team in Derby. The role will be based at both the Derby office and the Severn Trent Water Ltd Office at Raynesway both in the centre of Derby. Requirements Essential criteria  Educated to masters level with a Mechanical Engineering bias  Currently working to achieve chartered status with theInstituteof Mechanical Engineers  Experience in the water or wastewater sector  Computer literate and able to work effectively work with the basic Microsoft suite of programmes as a minimum  Proven understanding of the design process and ability to demonstrate working knowledge of brief/scope documents, design concepts as well as some experience technically i.e. calculations  Good commercial awareness  Proven ability and experience in providing a customer focussed service and ensuring clients are satisfied Personal Qualities  Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.  Positive outlook and approachable manner.  Capable of building and maintaining strong relationships with internal staff and external clients.  Ability to be flexible and to be able to multitask and prioritise when necessary.  Well motivated, able to work as part of a team or on individual assignments when required.  Ability to complete assignments on time, within budget and to a high technical standard. Responsibilities The role of Mechanical Engineer within MEP will require the individual to undertake the following duties:  Supporting projects as part of a team  Engineering design within the Water and Wastewater sectors  Liaison with Clients  Feasibility, outline and detailed mechanical design work  Technical report writing Training Training is tailored to the needs of the individual and is both on and off the job, allowing for real responsibility at work whilst meeting the needs of personal development, technical training and the requirements of professional institutions. Mentors provide a source of advice and guidance that is both informed and informal. Our commitment To provide a varied workload and encourage staff to extend themselves in order to reach their potential and advance their careers. This is an excellent opportunity for the right candidate. For more information contact Rowan Hayes on or **** **** **** We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills water and mechanical and design and water and wastewater and derbyshire and derby and midlands and mechanical