Title: Structures Team Leader
Webindex: 71194712
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction The purpose of this job is to act as the Leader of the Structures Team. The position will be within the Design Consultancy of Engineering Services reporting directly to the Design Consultancy Manager. This is an exciting opportunity for a highly motivated Important Have major highway structures design experience The Job Location This role will be based in our offices in North Tyneside. However, travelling may be required to other Capita Symonds offices, Client s offices and sites. Duties will involve: Have major highway structures design experience and preferably experience in rail and maritime structures. Have the ability to design structural elements of minor highways/civils schemes. Be experienced in managing Principal, General and Special inspections of bridges and structures. To be experienced in leading the design of highways and rail bridges/structures Preferably have Network Rail/Nexus PTS accreditation. Ability to prepare Specifications and Contract Documents. Have extensive knowledge of DMRB and preferably Network Rail and Maritime design standards. Be experienced in quality service delivery and successful coordination of projects through effective communication and relationships with Clients. Have experience of coordinating ECI. Have extensive knowledge and experience of current Structural Engineering technical and legal requirements and practices. Support on Highway Structure Asset Management and Maintenance. Manage the Programme of Structural Engineering projects for the team in a technical lead role to ensure successful technical delivery. Provide appropriate training to internal staff and clients. Be proficient in a wide range of IT skills including Microsoft Office (Incl Microsoft Project). Play a lead role on Structural Engineering Development activities in the Region. Essential Experience/Skills Previous proven experience in structural engineering. Ideally qualified to Chartered status of either the ICE or IStructE, if not, be close to achieving Chartered status with a commitment to achieve this within 6 months. Be able to demonstrate successful team leadership skills. Maintain excellent working relationships with existing Clients and deliver quality services to maximise opportunities for repeat business. Take responsibility for the quality delivery of Structural Engineering projects. Be able to demonstrate experience of direct line management responsibilities including team building, performance management, resource planning, training amp; development and staff welfare. Be able to demonstrate successful experience of financial management of projects and the programmes for a Structures Team. Be able to demonstrate successful experience of financial management through monthly: financial forecasting, invoicing and reporting actuals for the team s programme of projects. Have extensive project and programme management experience. Be able to demonstrate successful business development experience/skills and use this to support the Design Consultancy Manager and Business Development Manager with proactive support on bidding and business development. Have experience of successfully training and developing other people. Have excellent organisational skills. Have excellent interpersonal skills, ability to establish and maintain good working relationships with management and staff at all levels. Have an outgoing, confident and friendly manner. Good communication skills both written and verbal. Hold a full UK driving licence. Desired Experience/Skills None Specified Personal Attributes As part of our partnership objectives in line with our values, we ask all our staff to: Lead by example Encourage, nurture and mentor junior members of staff Be Honest and open Respect colleagues Teamwork Have a sense of pride in work Focus on solutions rather than problems To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK