Title: Water Treatment Area Manager
Webindex: 68803526
Company: Matchtech Group
Description: My client has an exciting opportunity for an experience water treatment plant manager to join their team. This role is responsible for managing a number of water treatment plants (waste water and sludge) across one of the following areas: Cambridge, Hertfordshire and Suffolk. You role will be focuses around the below points: Key Accountability: Ensure effective management of compliance. Ensure that processes are operating to deliver consent and other regulatory requirements. Prevent or effectively manage operational incidents Ensure assets are maintained in accordance with service level agreements and company policy Ensure compliance with responsibilities under POSWASTES Ensure production of biosolids products that comply with statutory and company requirements. Carry out frequent site visits to maintain familiarity with current issues and resource requirements. Define and promote the need for treatment enhancement to maintain the functionality of the assets and treatment processes. Establish and build relations with regulators and customers (includes EA, EH, H County, District and Parish Councils etc.) Carry out standby and emergency duties Identify capital investment needs and promote business cases. Support the asset creation process. Key Accountability: Ensure development of employees. Develop employees by active coaching in the workplace to ensure compliance at optimum cost and maintain standards. Ensure Health and Safety and Welfare of all employees through implementation of relevant Company policies. Ensure compliance with Health and Safety responsibilities for others in accordance with the relevant legislation. Reward employees and recognise good performance. Deal effectively with unsatisfactory employee performance issues. Develop employee focus on reduction of baseline costs Ensure promotion of adequate training in relevant process and maintenance skills. Key Accountability: Financial Management Through objective risk analysis minimise the unit cost of effluent production by optimising all aspects of process operation. Develop an understanding of unit costs to ensure minimised baseline costs. Proactively manage revenue costs Manage appropriate and effective allocation of costs (revenue and capital). Actively use financial management systems for expenditure tracking and control. A salary of ****  ****  company car and package is on offer dependant on experience Please contact Dave Kua on **** **** **** To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.