Title: Manufacturing Project Planner  Aberdeen
Webindex: 66595924
Company: Cobalt Consulting  Limited
Description: Manufacturing Project Planner  Aberdeen ****  ****  benefits package Cobalt Recruitment is working with a leading Aberdeen manufacturing business that is involved within the oil and gas sector that is looking to appoint an experienced Project Planner. The position will see the Planner working in conjunction with and supporting the Project Coordinator/Manager(s) across a host of areas. To assist the Project Manager in developing a Project Master Schedule for initially, including as part of a bid submission package. The Master Schedule will be monitored and updated throughout the project lifecycle from contract award to delivery and will reflect the smooth interface of all project activities in relation to the agreed delivery timeframe. The development of associated project reports and S Curves are also deliverables. Summary of Responsibilities:  Ability to use Primavera P**** and MS Project to analyse resource usage and create a time limited resource schedule.  Developing a project specific work breakdown reflecting the scope of work of the project.  Developing from the Project Master Schedule (PMS), detailed schedules to component level, if required, for all major phases of the Project.  Reviewing and monitoring of major subcontractors progress schedules.  Using the MRP system to identify any activity slippages that may, or will, impact on the agreed project completion date and reporting to the Project Coordinator/Manager.  Expedite schedule in order to maintain/improve deliveries.  Resolve schedule issues or make recommendations to realign schedule where possible.  Update the project schedule/activity network and progress reports to reflect the latest information.  Negotiating with internal functional/departmental personnel to optimise deliveries.  Continually updating and maintaining the PMS for every change in the scope of work.  Producing regular lookahead schedules, as required.  With preapproval from Projects Manager, assist Project Sales Department with creation of bid schedules for inclusion in Tenders.  Prior to formally issuing, obtain schedule approval from the relevant departmental managers (i.e. Engineering, Manufacturing).  Create a monthly Projects Summary Sheet detailing the Percentage of Completion (PoC) for each ongoing project in the department. Summary sheet will detail current month/quarter PoC and forecast month/quarter PoC as required by Finance Department.  Monitor the capacity of the workload in Testing Assembly (T A) using Primavera.  Produce monthly progress reports in Excel or PowerPoint, as required.  Identify and monitor all critical path activities.  Allocate project costs or resources to a project schedule to create SCurves.  Creation of Overall project SCurve and SCurves for each of the main project disciplines (i.e. Engineering, Manufacturing, Procurement, T A etc).  Rebasing of schedules and Scurves inline with Change Orders or other contractual documents.  Training and mentoring of Trainee Project Planner. Ensuring adherence to the formal training plan and measurement and evaluation of competency.  Attend and contribute to internal project and customer meetings, as required.  Liaise with customer planning representatives.  Creation of any adhoc departmental reports in Primavera or Excel as deemed necessary by the Projects Manager. Apply online or for further details contact ojonescobaltrecruitment.com with your current CV in confidence quoting reference OJ****