Title: Mechatronics Product Engineer
Webindex: 69225891
Company: Forest Personnel
Description: Mechatronics Engineer  Power Tools our client is a globallyleading technology innovator with a reputation for excellence. Sustainability and longterm staff development are extremely important elements to its success. Due to continual growth, they have a challenging and exciting new opportunity for a Mechatronics Engineer to join them. You will be the key interface between electrical, mechanical and software development teams for a portfolio of branded power products. Your key responsibilities will include but not be limited to:  Seeking out developments in Mechanical, Electrical and Electronic systems and their interfaces enabling best in class products and features regarding cost performance etc.  Supporting the Senior Engineer on all functional matters for current or existing products, so that the product range can be competitively marketed to achieve maximum commercial advantage.  Contributing to the product engineering team by taking ownership of component and product factional acceptability.  Producing and controlling the issue status of electrical and mechanical data and drawings supplied to 3rd parties, working closely with 3rd parties resolving queries and problems with design proposals and tooling.  Ensuring all testing and development, including test plans and equipment are devised and operated within health and safety practise.  Supervising placement students. As this is a brand new specialist position, and the successful candidate will go on to become the new founder of the group, you must have relevant postacademic experience in industry. You will be joining an industry leader that offers the potential for career progression for an individual wanting to make a difference. The successful candidate will possess the following:  Hons Degree with Electronics content (Mechatronics Engineering desirable).  Postacademic design and/or development experience in preferably similar high volume consumer products. E.g. power tools, domestic appliances, airflow products etc, (although would look at low volume defence/automotive manufacturing background with mouldings, motors etc).  uC programming in C or PLC. (C++, Processor compiler code desirable).  Knowledge of DFMEA and Data Acquisition would be good, although not so critical.  3D CAD modelling experience (ideally PROE) and/or ****D drawings compliant with international standards (although training could be provided).  Working knowledge of electrical schematics.  Knowledge of AC/DC Actuators.  Good communication skills and IT skills. Desirable skills: Test instrumentation and analysis techniques for electrical and electronic systems (Labview), test digital and analogue circuit design, microchip and texas microcontrollers design (Altium/Eagle), familiarity with displays, sensors, communication interfaces, battery/cell technology, Root Cause Analysis and analysis electromechanical systems. As the position will include occasional overseas travel, sometimes at short notice, you will need to be flexible and able to travel within the EU without restrictions. In return, a negotiable salary package is offered, depends on experience  benefits package & opportunities of development & progression both cross functionally and cross divisionally, as well as overseas.