Title: Manufacturing Engineer (Digital PreAssembly)
Webindex: 69965998
Company: TXM Recruit
Description: One of the UK s leading Automotive companies is currently recruiting an experienced Manufacturing Engineer to work within Digital PreAssembly for their Warwickshire site. As the Manufacturing Engineer responsible for delivering programmes, you will liaise with and support Manufacturing, Design, Engineering and the Launch team to ensure robust manufacturing processes are implemented. The successful candidate will deliver a manufacturing plan for the new content which includes design feasibility, layout planning, facility & tooling requirements, process documentation and launch support. You will ensure that the highest quality build standards are achieved whilst ensuring the health & safety of technicians is never compromised. Key Responsibilities & Tasks: Process: To produce detailed Trim and Final assembly and Trim shop related Process Operation sheets including visual aids, torque & tooling detail, quality requirements and safety info. Manufacturing Feasibility: To evaluate manufacturing feasibility of design proposals from either Engineering CAD / Clay models, Engineering Drawings or Vis Mockup. You will propose changes to designs to improve ergonomics, quality or HPC and will provide error proofing strategies. Facilities / Layout: Working with Logistics & Facilities Engineers to determine efficient station layouts including modifications to existing facilities, racking & part presentation requirements, liaising with external suppliers of equipment and compiling necessary documents for implementation and approval. Manpower: Working with Industrial Engineers to develop effective manpower requirements reflecting volume mix and model specification including methods improvements to achieve hours per car target. Tooling: To select the appropriate (volume representative) Jigs and Fixtures, including specialised trim hand tools and power tool requirements to meet vehicle quality and hours per car targets whilst ensuring operator safety targets are achieved. Health and Safety: To liaise with the Health & Safety department to ensure all processes & materials are suitable for the manufacturing environment. Project Environmental Checklists will also be required when raising Project requests. Vehicle Launch: Supporting build events to ensure that technicians are familiar with new process, fitting correct parts, using the correct tooling and achieving required quality standards. Quality Improvements: To liaise with production to ensure Lessons Learned roadmap actions are integrated into forward planning activities to achieve continual improvement. Design for Assembly: To communicate best practices to Product Engineering to improve station ergonomics, hours per car and built in quality including poke yoke or error proofing. Meeting Attendance: To represent Manufacturing Engineering at the various planning meetings to review status and provide feedback. Qualification & Experience: A recognised engineering apprenticeship with substantial experience in the Motor Vehicle environment. ONC minimum qualification with HNC / Degree preferred. The successful candidate must have substantial Manufacturing Engineering experience within Trim and Final assembly and digital preassembly experience