Title: Corrosion and Materials Senior Engineer
Webindex: 69205543
Company: Hays TCE Jobs
Description: Marketing Statement Det Norske Veritas is a leading technology service provider worldwide. Our expertise, knowledge, experience and standards are well known and widely used throughout the industry. We have over **** full time staff working with materials technology within the main hubs of Aberdeen, London, Norway, Houston, Columbus, Calgary, Rio and Singapore. DNV provides materials and corrosion support related to early phase concept/FEED evaluations, detailed design activities, comprehensive involvement in all construction phases and integrity management in the operational phase of onshore and offshore facilities. DNV has first hand experience in some of the world?s most technically challenging projects. Our experience, technical support and our standards/tools are utilised in more that 75% of today?s offshore pipeline projects and help to ensure optimal solutions. The Services Pipeline systems represent significant financial investment and constitute a key element of the industrial and public value chain. Ensuring that each pipeline is designed, fabricated and operated in a safe, reliable and costeffective manner involves a multitude of professional disciplines. DNV supplies the industry with a full range of services and capabilities related to the development, operation and maintenance of pipeline systems, from well to shore, from concept to operation, from internal flow to external threat. Key services include:  Pipeline design Verification  Asset Risk Management  Technical Qualification for new Technologies Responsibilities The position will include several focus areas (dependent on qualifications and interests) related to the pipeline life cycle. You will be part of a team offering the following services to our clients:  Project management of multidisciplinary projects within DNV  Verification and certification services  Advisory services and troubleshooting activities  Participation in R&D projects  Qualification of new technology  Risk assessment services Qualifications Education, skills and experience should include, but may not be limited to  Relevant degree Level in Chemical, Corrosion or Materials Engineering  2 years of corrosion/materials engineering experience with emphasis on oil and gas operations (desirable)  Cathodic protection and coating systems  Corrosion monitoring  Sour service Personal qualities  A team player, with a positive attitude  Able to combine theoretical knowledge and practical skills  You should have a high degree of Adaptability and Flexibility  Eager to learn and develop yourself  Motivated and ambitious  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills  High professional integrity Training & Development DNV develops individuals through a portfolio of training and development courses designed to help you make the best of your abilities and talents. We encourage participation in all forms of training and have an active programme of inhouse and well as external training for all of our engineers. Location The position is to be based in London. The prospective candidate should be willing to travel on short duration international assignments if required.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk