Title: Asset Engineering Manager
Webindex: 70608411
Company: Questech Recruitment Ltd
Description: THE ROLE Our client based in West Yorkshire are looking for an experienced Asset Engineering Manager to work in a large manufacturing organisation. PURPOSE OF THE ROLE: As the Asset Manager for a number of the plants, your key focus will be the reliability and integrity of the assets. DUTIES INCLUDE:  Asset Register  Ensure that the Plant Asset Register is kept up to date and includes the key safety and reliability data. Asset Integrity  As the Responsible Engineer for the plant, ensure that the Written Schemes of Examination are kept up to date and sign off on condition reports for safety critical equipment. Ensure the demonstration that safety critical equipment is fit for service.  Maintenance Strategy  Develop and maintain the maintenance strategy to ensure that all legal requirements with respect to plant equipment are met and that plant reliability is optimized. Make use of tools, such as Risk Based Maintenance (RBM) and Risk Based Inspection (RBI) to develop this strategy.  Financial Management  Prepare and manage the annual maintenance budget for the Plant. Provide regular cost reports to production management and work closely with the Production, Maintenance and Finance teams to ensure that the financial objectives are met.  Maintenance Execution  Oversee the maintenance gate keeping process and provide leadership to the Plant Technical Coordinator to ensure that the plant maintenance requirements are met. Negotiate Service Level Agreements for maintenance services and use them to actively monitor performance.  Contractor Management  Support procurement in the negotiation of plant specific maintenance contracts. Monitor the performance of these contracts and take appropriate action to ensure that the required service levels are met.  Asset Effectiveness  Carry out routine analysis of bad actors and root cause analysis of significant plant failures. Use this information to develop plant improvement projects, update the maintenance strategy and provide guidelines to production on how to operate the plant to prevent damage.  Spare Parts  Manage the spare parts requirements for the plant. Carry out criticality analysis to determine the optimum spare parts holding. Work closely with the Asset Management community to identify opportunities for equipment standardisation.  Teamwork ? Participate in the Engineering and Maintenance community and support the development and implementation of technical standards and procedures. ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: You must:  Be a Chartered Engineer (or working towards chartership).  Have a minimum 5 years experience of working in industry.  Be able to demonstrate leadership skills, analytical abilities, excellent communication, networking and IT skills. THE PACKAGE You will be paid a basic salary of up to **** This role is working on a **** month minimum contract