Title: Project Controller/Project Planner
Webindex: 71747964
Description: Project Controller/Project Planner Are you looking to join a worldleading organisation in the defence sector that will challenge and develop your technical capabilities, and offer you the chance to work in developing, cuttingedge technologies?Our client is a leading multinational Defence systems provider which boasts some of most advanced facilities in their areas of expertise. At present the company employs well in excess of **** staff worldwide and continues to grow in parallel with the demand for their highly regarded services. We currently have a Project Controller/Planner opportunity available in Hertfordshire. We currently seek a Project Controller who can own and implement systems and methods to ensure that project performance remains visible to a Project Team at all times. We are looking for people with a career interest in Engineering/Project Management and Control and have the energy, appetite to learn and relish the opportunity in embracing challenges. The Project Controller will:  Work in collaboration and support of the business performance teams in the definition and ongoing management of project execution.  Control the creation and update cycle of engineering and project / work package plans and schedules.  Analyse ongoing progress and performance, assessing this against targets  Prepare reports and recommend actions to maintain and or improve progress  Foster good working relationships with engineers and the wider teams to implement and embed project control standards, systems and methods delivering accurate and quality project performance status data in a timely manner  Challenge inefficiency and apply improvements to increased performance, striving for a continuous improvement of best practice  Promote the profession of Project Control and its respective expertise and credibility across the business, accommodating and managing change, sharing experiences and embracing new ways of working  Operate in a customer partnering and collaborative environment.  Develop competencies and capabilities in international working both at an individual level and team level. Suitable candidates will have the following skills/competencies:  Possess a high level of competence with industry standard computing applications (specifically spreadsheets) and possess an ability to work with large quantities of data.  Have a strong level of Commercial and Financial Awareness  Have a methodical approach to their work, willingness to promote and challenge efficiency and have a welldeveloped level of judgement.  Strong communication skills, capable of working in large teams with a complexity of skills (Engineering, Finance, Commercial, Project Management etc.), and abilities of working in a multicultural panEuropean environment.  Assertive, proactive team players who can inspire others, manage change, and have a strength (or willingness to develop) in negotiation and arbitration skills.  Ideally candidates will come from a defence sector background Please Note: Due to the nature of work undertaken at our client s site, incumbents of these positions are required to meet special nationality rules and therefore these vacancies are only open to sole British Citizens. Applicants who meet this criteria will also be required to undergo security clearance vetting, if not already security cleared to a minimum SC level. If you are a good match then please apply with a CV to learn more about this truly fantastic opportunity to work for a market leader who has an enviable reputation. Key Words: Project Controller, Project Planner, Project Coordinator, Programme Planner, Defence, Project Management, Report, Commercial, Financial, Communication, Methodical Electus Recruitment Solutions provides specialist engineering and technical recruitment solutions to a number of high technology industries. We thank you for your interest in this vacancy. If you don t hear from us within **** working days please presume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. You are of course free to resubmit your CV/details in the future and we shall assess your suitability at that time. Services advertised by Electus Recruitment Solutions are those of an Agency (perm). This role is a permanent positionElectus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.