Title: Principal Electronics Engineer (Power/Propulsion/Control/EMC)
Webindex: 69080654
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: Company expansion has made way for a Principal Electronics Engineer to join a highly experienced team to help create and develop the company s core products. The company was established over 100 years ago and is a worldwide recognised name for their field. This is a multi award winning organisation that is constantly pushing engineering boundaries. Company focus is on new cutting edge product design as well as revitalising industry assets. The role The selected Principal Electronics Engineer will join the company on a permanent basis and will report directly to the Electronics Group Engineer. My client is looking for an experienced engineer who has a hands on approach to engineering problems and design. They would ideally like to hear from professionals with an automotive or locomotive background. The role is split from research, design, testing and production documentation. You The successful Principal Electronics Engineer will have experience in multiple product life cycle design and developments. You ll have experience or knowledge in propulsion systems and control systems. Be experienced with power electronics design and development and be very familiar with EMC requirements and testing. You ll be able to communicate back on product progression and work well in a team. Technical Skills Power Electronics Control Systems Propulsion Systems EMC Testing This role offers a great opportunity for a Principal Electronics Engineer to work within industry royalty. If you are interested in the position please forward your CV or call Terry on (Apply online only). Interviews will be taking place throughout December t of interest to yourself, but you know of someone who could be, JAM operates a referral scheme. You can earn yourself up to **** in vouchers for the successful placement of a candidate you give us. I recruit for Electronic and Software Engineers in East Midland and East Anglia from Junior/Entry level roles right up to Programme and Product manager level. If you are interested in similar roles please forward me your CV and a covering letter of what you are looking for as I may have the right role in the pipe line. View our latest jobs today at (url removed) and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position