Title: Calibration Engineer, Dorset
Webindex: 69204382
Company: Redline Group Ltd 
Description: Urgently looking to hire an Electronics Calibration / Quality Engineer, my client, based in Dorset, design and manufacture a range position measurement, control and recording products in a wide variety of markets including automotive/motorsport, materials handling, offhighway equipment, construction, hydraulics and pneumatics and aerospace and defence. The prime purpose of the role is to ensure that the equipment and tooling calibration schedule is adhered to and maintained, this includes: Calibration schedule adherence, Audit noncompliances attributable to calibration The Electronics Calibration / Quality Engineer will manage the calibration system efficiently and effectively in ensuring that all mechanical and electrical test equipment, gauges and tooling, is appropriately calibrated in accordance to Internal and Regulatory requirements. They will also Manage and Control the calibration and repair of equipment and tooling by any external calibration laboratories. This will include: ? Signing off internal calibration certificates and reports. ? Ensuring that all equipment and tooling is easily identifiable and traceable. ? Manage and control the quarantine of any defective or unsuitable equipment that features within the calibration system. ? Manage and control and archive all calibration reports, calibration certificates, including other relative documentation. ? Be the contact point for the requisition of new equipment and raising of associated documentation. ? Compilation of internal calibration process instruction sheets. In addition, working with the Quality Manager in matters pertaining to Quality and continual improvement. Ideal candidate for the Electronics Calibration / Quality Engineer, Dorset will have a good understanding of electronics / electrical technology and a sound awareness of testing/calibration within a manufacturing environment. Experience of aerospace, defence, automotive etc would be an advantage. APPLY NOW for the role of Electronics Calibration / Quality Engineer by calling Marta Bulhak at Redline Group on [contact details removed] or email [contact details removed] Ref: MB****/****