Title: Electrical Drafter AutoCAD
Webindex: 69557294
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Are you an Electrical Drafter looking for a new technical challenge in Leicester? On offer is a temp to perm position in Leicester with a leading engineering company who are renowned for being a specialist in their field. Electrical Drafter &x2013 AutoCAD Leicester Temp to Perm Are you an Electrical Drafter looking for a new technical challenge in Leicester? On offer is a temp to perm position in Leicester with a leading engineering company who are renowned for being a specialist in their field. The initial contract will be for a maximum duration on 3 months which will act as a probation period. Upon completion of probation period, the successful candidate will then be taken on to the company&x2019 s books as a permanent member of staff. Therefore this position will not be suitable for a through and through contractor as my client is looking for the candidate to stay long term. My client is invested in people registered so provide constant training and investment for candidates to develop within their career and grow as an engineer. My client has a salary budget of **** but appreciates exceptional candidates may require more. The rate for the duration of the contract is between **** and **** per hour. To be considered for this position you must have a knowledge and understanding of AutoCAD and be proficient in creating electrical wiring schematics. You must be able to check existing schematics and provide editing if required. You will provide technical support to other departments and suppliers so excellent communication skills are required. This position is an urgent requirement so candidates must be immediately available. The Role: Create new electrical wiring schematics using AutoCAD Check existing schematics and provide editing if required Provide technical support to other departments and suppliers The Candidate: Experience as an Electrical Drafter Proficient in the use of AutoCAD Immediately available Keywords: Electrical Drafter, AutoCAD, Leicester, Temp to Perm, Electrical Wiring schematics, Please contact Shane Neale on **** **** or email me your CV and Covering Letter at shane.nealerisetechnical.co.uk. Applicants who write a Covering Letter are statistically a lot more likely to be seen for interview as it is seen as a sign of motivation and initiative. Covering Letters should firstly state what previous experience you have that are relevant to the position being advertised. Secondly why you think you would be the ideal candidate due to your personal attitude and skills and finally availability for interview and earliest commencement of employment