Title: Electronics Development Engineer  Digital
Webindex: 69669904
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Hardware Design Engineer with experience of digital design, to work with a leading aerospace company. You must have experience of Digital Circuit Design, ideally with some leadership ability. Based on Kent s east coast, near Margate. Important Analogue Design, Digital Design, Hardware Engineer, Avionics an advantage The Job Working with a leading Avionics company in Kent. The division designs and builds moving map equipment for light aircraft and for police and air ambulance helicopters. This is an exciting timeas over the next twelve months they are expecting to grow the team with the aim of developing our next generation of products as well as keeping our current products in production. The first of these new positions we wish to fill is an Electronics Development Engineer. A fundamental part of this role is to be able to work closely with Hardware, Software and Production Engineers at this site and across the Global Honeywell team to assist in solving problems and developing and documenting new designs on time and on budget. You will possess handson electronics hardware design and development experience ideally with an emphasis on digital systems. Your experience will allow you to support all stages of electronics hardware development. This will range from capturing requirements, through schematic design and circuit card layout, to hardware testing amp; qualification, and documentation. Ability to access, review and make changes to electronic CAD data. Experience of working with aerospace certification standards would be a benefit; however equivalent alternative industry standards would be acceptable. Experience with common configuration management tools would be a benefit. Due to the high number of standards that our products are required to meet, you will be confident with taking accountability for quality assurance and have experience of working in an environment where products require certification. If you are looking to join a small team with big ambitions and development plans, this could be the perfect next step for you. Each day will offer you variety and a new challenge so be prepared to get your hands dirty and stuck in As an Equal Opportunities Employer, Honeywell is committed to a diverse workforce. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK