Title: Mechanical Fitter (LP / HP Air Systems / Steam Plant / Refrigeration)
Webindex: 68824373
Company: Otj Recruitment Ltd
Description: Mechanical Fitter  general mechanical equipment  LP/HP air systems  steam plant and boilers  diesel generators  LTHW systems  refrigeration systems  based Helensburgh, Scotland  salary c****K We are looking for a qualified Mechanical Fitter who has postapprenticeship/postqualification experience in the maintenance and repair of general mechanical equipment, with a specific focus on LP/HP air systems, steam plant and boilers, diesel generators, LTHW systems and refrigeration systems. Candidates for the position of Mechanical Fitter (LP/HP Air Systems/Steam Plant/Generators/Refrigeration) must have done a recognised Mechanical Engineering apprenticeship or HNC in Mechanical Engineering and have experience of practices relating to working at heights and in confined spaces. The role of Mechanical Fitter (LP/HP Air Systems/Steam Plant/Generators/Refrigeration) will be to support the maintenance and repair of mechanical internal and external services such as steam boilers, heating systems, air conditioning, refrigeration and various other systems across the HM Naval Base Clyde. Day to day duties will include the maintenance and defect repair of   Steam Boilers and Medium/Low Temperature Hot Water Boilers.  Chillers and Refrigeration equipment.  Air Handling Units and Air conditioning Systems.  Steam Distribution System and ancillary plant.  Local Exhaust Ventilation Systems.  High Pressure and Low Pressure Compressors and ancillary plant.  Mobile Plant inclusive of Lifting Appliances, Compressors and Mobile Cranes.  Machine Shop Equipment such as Lathes, Grinders, Milling Machines and Boring Machines.  Gates, barriers and overhead doors  To undertake the role of Mechanical Fitter (LP/HP Air Systems/Steam Plant/Generators/Refrigeration) you will need to be a strong team player who is able to communicate effectively with others; work alone with minimal supervision and able to follow best practices with regard to safe systems of work This role is subject to Ministry of Defence security requirements OTJ specialises in engineering and engineering related positions. We are currently looking for Project Managers and Engineers, designers, draughts people, Mechanical, electrical and Electronics Design engineers and draughts people, service engineers, sales engineers, avionics engineers and buyers This vacancy is advertised by Otj Recruitment Ltd. The services advertised are those of an employment agency