Title: Inspector (CMM)
Webindex: 69250966
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment Limited
Description: Inspector (CMM) Bristol ****p/h  ****p/h  Overtime  Progression  Training  Pension Here is an excellent position available for a quality inspector to work for a leading aerospace Manufacturer that offers outstanding working conditions, career progression, training and lots of overtime. Here is a great opportunity to join a long standing and well reputed company that has just won long standing contracts with the worlds leading aerospace companies. Established **** this company has grown from strength to strength and is now a major manufacturer of components supplied into leading aerospace companies across the UK. Having just won large contract, they have expanded production which has allowed them to increase their work force. In this role the successful candidate will be responsible for carrying out detailed inspection of various components that are manufactured to tight tolerances and supplied into the aerospace industry. All in all, this is a varied position which will give you a well rounded background in quality engineering. This is a fantastic opportunity and chance to join a leading manufacturing company that will offer progression opportunities and a great environment to work in. The Role: inspector (Mechanical) Carrying out detailed inspection Working on components supplied to the Aerospace industry 1st Article Inspection 1st Principle Inspection CMM The Person: inspector Experience in inspecting Metal or high value materials CMM experience 1st article inspection 1st principle inspection Quality, Inspection, Inspector, Engineer, Engineering, Defence, Mechanical, Machine, Shop, Machining, CNC, Miller, Lathe, Turner, Verniers, Micrometers, NC, CMM, Faro Arm, Manufacturing, Quality Engineer, Aerospace, Marine, Metal, 1st Article Inspection, 1st Principle Inspection, CMM (software used: aberlink) This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from engineering candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed.