Title: Manufacturing Engineer  Cheltenham, Gloucestershire
Webindex: 69848704
Company: Randstad
Description: Manufacturing Engineer  Cheltenham  pound;****k A Manufacturing Engineer is urgently required for this permanent position based in my clientsCheltenhamoffice. Your main duties will be to provide technical engineering leadership and support for the manufacturing cells. This will include the assembly and test teams and you will meet agreed Quality, Cost and Delivery metrics. Other duties will include;  Continuous Improvement of assembly amp; test processes, including potential for partial or full automation.  Complete thorough problem solving, root cause analysis amp; decision making with robust corrective actions.  Application of Lean manufacturing, PFMEA, Six Sigma and other engineering tools.  Improve amp; maintain productivity in manufacturing cells.  Comply with and implement best practice systems, procedures amp; manufacturing documentation.  Perform Time study, standard work, takt time, and line balancing.  Analyse and propose detailed capital expenditure requirements.  Ensure manufacturing cells comply with Health amp; Safety requirements.  Achieve against deliverables amp; target dates. You must be able to demonstrate a proven track record within a similar position. Green belt six sigma and experience within an automated assembly process environment is highly desired. You must also be able to demonstrate the following;  Degree or equivalent qualification in a relevant engineering subject or equivalent engineering experience with a completed relevant engineering apprenticeship.  Be able to demonstrate a sense of urgency in dealing with issues.  Experience of communicating information at all levels across various functions: written amp; verbally, concisely and accurately.  A tenacious, enthusiastic, results driven individual with excellent time management skills.  Must be structured and organised with the ability to work alone, within a team or leading a team as required  Possess the ability to make good decisions under pressure.  Able to demonstrate a history of continuous improvement in previous roles We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills manufacturing engineer, manufacturing engineer jobs, manufacturing engineer jobs cheltenham, manufacturing engineer jobs UK