Title: NVH Technical Specialist
Webindex: 69573678
Description: As an NVH Technical Specialist for Aston Martin Lagonda (AML) you'll lead the delivery of the whole vehicle NVH attribute. This includes P/T NVH, chassis NVH, body NVH, suggesting solutions and counter measures for squeak rattle investigations. Leading the development of vehicle level targets and component level targets through benchmarking, you'll define the required hardware/software contents to meet attribute targets and requirements. You'll also develop new NVH failure mode avoidance techniques to enable the detection of risks at the early stage in programs. Coaching PMT areas and suppliers to designin key requirements at the early design stage, you'll drive NVH hardware and software development to achieve the best attribute balance. Demonstrating the consistent and steady growth in technical competence and methods within the NVH team you'll resolve complicated NVH issues, support relevant PMST meetings and make sure all required information and actions are completed within the requested time. Degree qualified or higher, you'll need a thorough understanding of whole vehicle and component level NVH attribute, together with comprehensive NVH development experience gained within a support role. With experience of NVH analytical tools including CAE, you'll be skilled in the subjective evaluation of vehicle and component NVH and be able to expertly interrogate NVH data, analysis, CAE. Reporting on NVH development status and issues with appropriate supporting data, you'll excel at problem solving process (e.g. ****D, **** sigma) and product development process (in AML AMPCS) or equivalent vehicle development process knowledge (GPDS, FPDS). You'll also have strong time management skills combined with the ability to balance and prioritise multiple tasks to meet customer needs. A strong heritage brand with a unique culture, it's the combination of traditional craftsmanship and cutting edge technology that makes Aston Martin truly special. This uniqueness filters into the working environment too, which is fastpaced and enormously rewarding. You'll have the opportunity to rise to new and exciting challenges on a daily basis, and gain a breadth of experience and expertise that's beyond compare. To apply please send your CV and covering letter including salary expectations.