Title: Junior Electrical Engineer
Webindex: 70677451
Company: Optimal Technologies
Description: Optimal Technologies Ltd. is a world leader in the design and manufacture of specialist aqueous cleaning and coating systems for the precision optics, ophthalmic, safety and medical industries worldwide. Continuing growth has recently led to the requirement to expand our Technical Engineering Department and we are looking for flexible and driven individuals to join our team on the next stage of our development We are looking for a Junior Electrical Engineer , reporting to the Senior Electrical Engineer your duties will be varied and interesting, helping develop effective solutions to our current as well as new products and bespoke projects. There will also be an important requirement for this person to travel UK and overseas for customer installations of finished equipment and support visits. Full training will be given, and with experience the role will perform day to day duties including:  Design work using the Eplan Electric P****  Compilation of technical files in accordance with CE certification requirements.  Creation and maintenance of control systems, PLC and HMI software; mainly on an Allen Bradley platform (electrical).  Technical authoring of machine documentation and procedures.  Machine functionality testing and validation.  Customer support  telephone, videocall, email  Site work including: maintenance, rectification, installation and training. The ideal candidate will demonstrate the following:  Qualifications in the appropriate discipline, ideally a engineering graduate, but minimum HNC  Experience in electrical or mechanical CAD is desirable  The ability to produce appropriate supporting documentation.  Good IT skills and familiarity with MS Office applications  Experience of PLC programming and software validation would be an advantage.  Good time management, prioritisation and team working skills. Applicants should hold a current passport and a UK driving license. Inhouse training will be given on our equipment and all areas of the job. Further specialised training will be provided as required in the future. Salary will be commensurate with experience and knowledge demonstrated.