Title: IT Systems Administrator  Linux
Webindex: 71443118
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction IT Systems Administrator  Linux  Glasgow Based. Working for a leading software solution provider, the Linux System Administrator will be responsible for the Internal Linux and Windows based systems and the continuous uptime of these internal systems. Important Linux The Job IT Systems Administrator  Linux  Based in Glasgow.  Linux System Administration  Windows System Administration  Cisco Networking  AD  Working for one of Glasgows leading Software houses, the Linux System administrator will be responsible for all of their internal systems which comprise Linux Servers with both Windows and Linux clients. Although the successful candidate will be joining a highly technical cutting edge software company, the Linux Sys Admin will be responsible for all aspects of the internal IT Infrastructure including the purchasing and installation of new computer hardware and networking as well as working with the business leaders to ensure that the Infrastructure is fit for purpose and that infrastructure has suitable growth plans in place. Day to day responsibilities will include: To manage the internal IT systems running Linux Servers with Windows and Linux Clients. To specify, purchase and install the computer hardware and software for the organisation. This is made up of a mixture of PC s, Laptops, Servers and Engineering workstations. To configure and maintain the server systems for file and data management. To setup and administer the LAN and WiFi networks within the operation ensuring both internal and external security is maintained. To be responsible for the VPN links to other remote international offices. To take full responsibility for both internal and external IT security. To be responsible for all System backups. Key technical skills required for the role: Strong experience of Linux Systems administration. Knowledge of Linux and Windows. Indepth knowledge of Cisco Hardware and software including routers, firewalls and VPN. Indepth knowledge of LDAP Fully competent with the following systems and server tasks; Software installation, Kernal Config, Security, Apache, Linux mail server. Able to manage LAN and WiFi networks. In addition to this we ll be looking for candidates who are comfortable looking after Windows PC applications and any virtualisation experience would be extremely advantageous. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK