Title: Engineering Manager (Manufacturing)
Webindex: 68574503
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: THE ROLEDue to rapid growth, our client, based in South Yorkshire are looking for an experienced Engineering Manager to work in a large manufacturing plant.The main purpose of the role is to:  Provide cost effective, efficient and effective equipment installation and full support service for all production equipment, plant and buildings.  Optimise operational performance through regular planned maintenance and improvement activities and provide efficient equipment breakdown service.  To provide an environmental, health and safety (EHS) service adhering to current UK legislation higher company standards where appropriate. MAIN DUTIES:  To ensure department KPI's are achieved. To ensure company standards are met and documented procedures and working practices are in place to cover all routine functional activities. Also that these are fully integrated to reflect crossfunctional boundaries, and that these are fully respected by company personnel. To ensure accurate uptodate records are kept on all department activities. To work closely with the Preproduction department, including involvement in design sign off, equipment review and training to achieve a smooth handover into production and ensure reliability, maintainability and durability. To ensure agreed standards of installation and maintenance of the building fabric, grounds, plant and equipment are maintained. To manage the Facilities function and ensure interfaces between Service Department, EHS and other functions (both inside and outside KOB) are fully effective. To manage/coordinate company EHS procedures guidelines and activities. Liaison with relevant boards of authority to ensure a reasonably uninterrupted supply of plant services complying with current regulations and byelaws. To negotiate contracts and control contractors, ensuring EHS, Statutory regulations and Company policy are complied with. Liaison with EHS authorities and to advise on EHS issues. To provide a structure which effectively communicates and trains as appropriate EHS issues to the workforce. To manage development and competence of all department staff in line with skills matrix and gap analysis and company appraisal processes.  To ensure full commitment and support for training, succession planning, recruitment, communications, environment health and safety (including IMS), quality policy (including IMS), housekeeping and personal discipline. To promote good communications at all levels, ensure prompt delivery of team briefs, departmental meetings, kaizen activities and supporting the works council. ROLE SCOPE: Takes disciplinary action and addresses grievances to written warning and stage **** respectively in accordance with company procedure stated in the handbook. Predominantly plans and monitors activity on a scale of weekly to yearly.Predominantly plans Maintenance Department budgets.Predominantly plans EHS issues and budgets. Responsible for suggestions and proposals related to continuous improvement. To support and give a ****back up **** service to the Manufacturing Technical Manager on facilities and EHS management issues. Internal Contacts  employees to executive management and MD level across all functions. External Contacts  Customer on environmental and maintenance issues, supplier, service providers and regulatory authorities to senior management level. Signatory levels as identified in Standing Instructions. EXPERIENCE SKILLS: Formal engineering qualification at degree level (or equivalent).  Minimum of ****  10 years facility engineering experience and holder of NEBOSH certificate / Diploma (including 5 years in a supervisory capacity) in high volume technically sophisticated manufacturing. Should be able to demonstrate a range of management skills including task orientation, team working, communication, planning, problem solving, negotiation and commercial awareness.  Must have uptodate knowledge of EHS legislation and best practice.  Must be computer literate. THE PACKAGEYou will earn a basic salary of between