Title: Senior Civil and Structural Engineer
Webindex: 70104993
Company: Minstrell Recruitment LTD
Description: Job Description To be part of a design team undertaking bespoke design of reinforced concrete and steel structures for nuclear decommissioning and new build projects. The projects undertaken will principally be in support of design of structures related to mechanical handling equipment. Due to the nature of the projects the role will include design for extreme loading, including earthquakes. Responsibilities Senior Engineers will be required to develop designs for specified structures in accordance with relevant codes and standards. They may also be required to carry out reviews or specific checks of other engineers work and provide mentoring for junior members of the team. Typical engineering tasks will include:  Preparation of Design Requirements Specifications  Preparation of design reports, design method statements and scoping calculations  Performance of design verifications  Preparing the complete designs for structures of varying complexity, including relevant sketches, reports and other required engineering documentation  The analysis and solution of structural problems of varying complexity that may arise in design, manufacture, installation and commissioning  Report on a periodic basis specified by the Project Manager the estimate to complete of their assigned task  Maintain good communications with Procurement, Manufacturing, Quality, Product Assurance, Commercial and Construction personnel associated with any given Project, and when required by the Project Manager, with the clients staff  Consider, act upon and record health, safety and environment issues at all stages of the design process (tender and contract) in accordance with the Product Safety Policy, the Environmental Policy and the wider company Health and Safety Policy  Responsible for ensuring, as far a possible, the correctness of their own designs and for checking detailed drawings and other relevant drawing office output Qualifications Requirements Degree Qualified (BEng or MEng), Civil / Structural Engineer. Chartered Engineer with membership of ICE or IStructE, or working toward Chartered status with membership of ICE or IStructE. Previous/Current Experience:  **** to 10 years experience in design of structures in reinforced concrete and steelwork, preferably including work within the nuclear industry and design for seismic loading.  Ideally an understanding of Nuclear Site Licence Conditions and their application in design.  Ability to technically guide and direct a small engineering team.  Understand the use of ****D CAD (AutoCAD) and ****D CAD (Autodesk Inventor) to prepare concept designs, detail design scheme drawings and detail manufacturing drawings.  Understand the use of finite element analysis in the structural design process and preferably experience of using this type of software.  Awareness and experience of using national design codes and standards. (Familiarity with USA codes and standards is desirable).  Familiar with ISO9001, ISO14001 and OHSA****  in particular how to meet requirements.  Familiarity with legal and regulatory standards, including:  Construction (Design and Management) Regulations  Familiarity with use of Work Breakdown Structure, barcharts, budgets, and design quality plans.  Ability to estimate manhours required to prepare engineering deliverables, and ability to estimate cost to complete tasks. Strong interpersonal skills capable of interfacing at all levels with both customers and the engineering team, as member of the team. Self motivated, and committed to achieve engineering project goals and deadlines. Demonstrate a close attention to detail and capability in production of analysis and design calculations for multiple load case problems. Team player  achieving results as part of a team and not in isolation. Security Baseline Personnel Security Standard (BPSS) Description of Location Bristol