Title: Senior Mechanical Engineers
Webindex: 67894618
Description: Senior Mechanical Engineers Are you looking to join a worldleading organisation in the defence sector, that will challenge and develop your technical capabilities, and offer you the chance to work in developing, cuttingedge technologies?Our client is a leading multinational Defence systems provider which boasts some of most advanced facilities in their areas of expertise. At present the company employs well in excess of **** staff worldwide and continues to grow in parallel with the demand for their highly regarded services. We currently have opportunities for several Senior Mechanical Engineers available in Hertfordshire. The Senior Mechanical Engineers will carry out a range of engineering activities in accordance with all relevant process, quality and other requirements and will: Develop design specifications under guidance, and carry out design activities in line with specifications and all quality and technical standards. Carry out standard technical investigations and analyses to provide data for problem assessment/resolution and provide design improvements. Contribute to process improvement within the team to deliver continuous improvements Gather information on technical issues and report to senior staff. Specify tests, evaluate results and make recommendations based on results, including making suggestions to improve test/diagnosis processes. Carry out engineering support activities in the field for specific products and customers to ensure the operability of company products. Assess implications of data analysis and formulate initial conclusions to more senior engineers to take necessary decisions on actions. Supply a technical interface with suppliers/customers, ensuring support to customers, in line with customer requirements and programme plans, and rapidly resolve or escalate problems and issues. Carry out/ support investigations into engineering problems or issues, present basic conclusions and recommendations to more senior staff and identify and highlight trends and emerging issues. Support the development of solutions to technical issues and process improvement opportunities as a member of a project team. Plan, deliver and monitor assigned tasks; ensuring requirements are delivered to plan. Provide technical support to operational activities to optimise effective processes, resolving standard problems to minimise interruptions to production. Keep up to date in relevant technical areas and develop skills and capabilities to be able to provide more effective services, seeking and sharing good practice and knowledge locally to continuously improve own practices. Participate in bid preparation to facilitate the development of successful bids. Contribute to engineering team decisions to support the effective performance of the team. Suitable candidates will have/be: Degree qualified in relevant discipline or HNC/HND with significant practical experience Experienced in more than one aspect of a single engineering area/domain Relevant ****D CAD skills Understands quality requirements and processes Awareness of relevant internal and external customer requirements Understand objectives and key result areas Good understanding of engineering best practice Good written, verbal communication skills, and presentation skills Able to plan and control own work Understanding of project management processes Understands company standards and productivity measures Basic knowledge of other functions in the business Good analytical and problem solving skills Please Note: Due to the nature of work undertaken at our client s site, incumbents of these positions are required to meet special nationality rules and therefore these vacancies are only open to sole British Citizens. Applicants who meet this criteria will also be required to undergo security clearance vetting, if not already security cleared to a minimum SC level. Flexibility for some travel (both UK and internationally) will be required within the role.If you are a good match then please apply with a CV to learn more about this truly fantastic opportunity to work for a market leader who has an enviable reputation. Key Words: Mechanical Engineer, tolerance, test, calculation, CAD Electus Recruitment Solutions provides specialist engineering and technical recruitment solutions to a number of high technology industries. We thank you for your interest in this vacancy. If you don t hear from us within **** working days please presume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. You are of course free to resubmit your CV/details in the future and we shall assess your suitability at that time. Services advertised by Electus Recruitment Solutions are those of an Agency (perm). These roles are permanent positionsElectus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.