Title: TECHNICAL FIELD SALES REPRESENTATIVE
Webindex: 70608316
Company: Just Recruitment Group
Description: The Just Recruitment Group are currently recruiting for their client whose manufacturing facility is based in Essex. Location: Based at home with works computer, with 24 days per month at Essex office. Suitable applicants will ideally reside South Midlands area due to Territory coverage. Start date: March/April 2013 Remuneration: Base salary dependent on experience in selling and in terms of Rail component/materials sales experience **** pa plus turnover incentive for Network rail region allocated. Plus laptop, smart phone and connection to company CRM. The purpose of this work is to establish ongoing relationships leading to enquiries and securing ongoing business. Monthly summary sales meetings will be held at the site and a remote desktop into the CRM database will be provided and utilised fully to allow twentyfour/seven access to all Customer communications records and particularly quotations and key correspondence. The package will provide a vehicle and cover all business expenses. Holidays will include 22 days plus statutory days. Knowledge of castings preferred but not essential. Suitable applicants will ideally have an Engineering qualification and have received training in an engineering discipline with experience gained within a component manufacturer for the rail and or construction sector For more information on this position, please contact Just Recruitment Group Ltd, Braintree Office at or telephone (Apply online only) quoting job reference B**** Please note that if you have not been contacted within 7 days, your application for this position has been unsuccessful. Just Recruitment Group Ltd. trading as: Key Personnel, Select Recruitment, are only able to process applications from candidates who are currently resident and eligible to work in the UK. With over 30 years experience delivering a quality temporary, permanent and contract recruitment service for Office, HR, Industrial, Technical, Engineering, Law and Finance, the Just Recruitment Group works successfully with an extensive list of local businesses, providing an honest, ethical and professional service to both candidates and clients. With branches in Braintree, Ipswich, Haverhill, Sudbury, and Witham we are positioned to offer services with Essex, Suffolk, Cambridge, Norfolk and the Home Counties