Title: Marketing Assistant with marketing degree  London
Webindex: 70331779
Company: Randstad
Description: Marketing Assistant Permanent Must have a marketing degree (or equivelant) and 12 months experience within the professional services sector. Company Profile: This company is one of a kind If you are looking for a place of work that is relaxed, friendly, social but hard working and professional then this is the place for you There is plenty of room for personal development; they want you to grow their staff from within. They are highly regarded within the commercial building surveying industry known for their high standard of client base and reputation of continuous growth throughout the recession. There is parking at work (they might be moving to somewhere like Victoria in a couple of years), showers, work hard, play hard, payday drinks in the office, dress down everyday if not seeing clients, flexi time generally a great place to work. Job Profile: The business development department are responsible for creating and managing the marketing and sales delivery plans. Specific responsibilities include, amongst other things, branding and corporate identity (online and offline), promotional material, events and corporate hospitality, client information management, public relations and market research. The Marketing Assistant will support the Head of Department to deliver on the plans. At times there will also be a requirement to support the Events Manager on event planning and delivery. Experience Requirements: The successful candidate will be a graduate (or equivalent) with ideally a postgraduate qualification in marketing (or similar). IT literate and with at least 12 months experience you will have ideally worked in the professional services sector. Interpersonal skills required include budget management; negotiation skills; excellent organisational ability; creative flair for copywriting and editing and strong verbal and written communication skills. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.