Title: Senior Design Manager
Webindex: 67152224
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview UK ConstRail Purpose of Role The Job Holder will be required to: 1. Personally undertake responsibility for Design management of one or or more multidisciplinary rail projects **** With other Senior Design Managers, establish, maintain and deliever nbsp;best practice in Design Management consistently across all MAFA projects 3. Manage and coordinate design for a programme, comprising multiple projects taking responsibility for a team including Design Managers and Trainess Design Managers **** The job holder will be required to manage, on behalf of the project, sub contract design services and receipt of deliverables including Approved For Construction drawings against time and cost targets. i.e.Network Rail GRIP phases **** 5. The job Holder may also be required to lead the management of early design development and specification of new projects.( Network Rail GRIP stages ****) Key Objectives of the Role Ensure all aspects of the Design Works instructions are implemented for a specific Project. Fulfil the role of Bid Manager as applicable. Where applicable manage/assist in the production of the Contractors proposals, ensuring they are complete, unambiguous, have been reviewed by the bid team and have been updated to include all post tender negotiations. Assist the Principal Design Manager or work independently to produce the Project specific designer agreements (using the Company standard format except where novation agreements already exist ), scope of works and the design management plan ensuring they are agreed and fully understood by all parties. Produce, agree and manage, with all relevant parties, a realistic design programme and information required schedule to satisfy design, procurement and construction requirements. Manage the Design on site, with the assistance of other sitebased resource, by implementing the Design management plan to ensure the timely production of information is issued. Ensure that all Design deliverables are reviewed to establish they are within budget, are fully coordinated and are buildable. Review the Design with respect to mitigating Health and Safety issues prior to construction. Ensure the Project team are working to the agreed Contractors Proposals. Provide guidance to the Project team on Design related issues. Liaise with their Senior Design Manager reporting on project performance. Assist their Principal Design Manager or work independently in the implementation of Continuous Improvement programmes. Maintain close relationships with the Customer and design organisations. Ensure that all National Design Reporting methods are maintained for a specific project or group of projects Job Level Overview Subject to functional policy objectives and/or general business direction, the Job Holder will work within broadly defined policies and objectives. He/She will demonstrate a detailed grasp of involved practices and procedures and will normally possess either an appropriate professional, or academic quqlification. The Job Holder s performance will have either a small impact on plc performance, or a medium impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Delivers elements within their Business Unit plan to achieve current year s performance Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 12 years Manages activities to support operational delivery and growth for their Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines Maintains effective internal and external client or user relationships within own area of responsibility Delivers Health and Safety policy and standards Implements Business Unit decisions and sets local priorities Applies high level technical skills across a range of functional or business activities Focuses on providing input to the annual business, financial and people plan for the specific contract, project or specialism Financial Accountabilities Within a Business Unit or a professional function: Works within clear budgetary guidelines Translates plans and requirements into realistic budgets and targets for subteams Promotes innovative ways to add value and reduce costs within the team. May contribute to budget planning Directs Level 1 projects People Accountabilities For a contract or multidisciplinary team: Responsible for the overall resourcing Optimises performance Undertakes performance reviews and provides training, reward and succession recommendations Full management control of people resources and is responsible for implementing disciplinary actions up to and including dismissal. Knowledge and Applied Skills must have IRSE and Bentley microstation CAD compentency. Possesses extensive knowledge of the Rail Industry. Track record of success in supporting a major business contract, Business Unit or region and/or providing support to a professional function. Likely to have in excess of 5 years managerial and/or technical experience. Member of a Professional Body with Intermediate Level Qualifications as a minimum. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information As part of the role will be site based, this will require the use of safety equipment and compliance with all safety regulations. The role is mobile, and the job holder will be expected to centered upon a project office in for example, York, Derby or Perterborough then work at all locations within reasonable daily travelling distance as there will be frequent travel and nonstandard hour working during both tender, design and construction phases. The requirements of the role may mean that the jobholder needs to work extended hours (e.g. evenings and weekends) on occasion (e.g. at the final tender stage, at completion of each phase of the project, or when resolving any defects or disputes). A car is required and will be offered as part of the reward package.