Title: Safety Officer
Webindex: 69966259
Company: Morgan Jones Recruitment Consultants
Description: Experienced Safety Officer required in to assist in the provision of a high standard, professional and cost effective health and safety service in construction and engineering safety matters within an established organisation located in Dover. Duties and Responsibilities To undertake tasks of various size, ranging from simple advice to advising on safety solutions within major projects. To act as a source of safety advice on all aspects of construction and maintenance work undertaken. To ensure procedures and guidance are developed, reviewed and maintained. To compile, review and maintain risk assessments for noise, vibration and hazardous substances. To advise on the safety aspects of machinery and work equipment relating to selection, commission, operation and disposal. To advise on the selection of contractors and monitoring their working practices. To investigate accidents and incidents as required. To carry out a wide variety of practical duties in relation to health and safety matters falling within the remit of a safety advisor. To report and advise as appropriate on all potential hazards, lack of adequate equipment, potential breaches of legal requirements or dangerous practices and to advise management as may be necessary to secure adequate control of risk. To assist/undertake the identification of dangerous goods and to take all such steps as may be necessary to ensure the safety in the event of any incident involving the same. To carry out the duties of inspector under the Government regulations. To maintain a current First Aid at Work qualification. Although all applications will be considered, the successful candidate will preferably: Hold a Certificate in Occupational Health and Safety. Have substantial experience in a safety role or a graduate from Occupational Safety discipline. Have knowledge of Construction Regimes, ie CDM and COSHH Management Systems. Own their own car, holding a full licence. Due to the high volume of applicants applying for all roles, we can only reply to candidates with the most relevant skills and experience. If you have not heard back from us within **** hours of your application please assume that you have been unsuccessful on this occasion