Title: Aircraft Mechanic
Webindex: 67389525
Company: Advantage Technical Resourcing
Description: In this role, you'll perform defect rectification and routine servicing as directed by the Certifying Licensed Aircraft Engineer/Shift Supervisor. You'll perform aircraft maintenance tasks as directed by a certifying licensed engineer/shift supervisor and you'll also ensure all work requiring a Certificate of Release to Service (CRS) is completed as required by the MOE, EASA Requirements and NAA regulations. You'll be responsible for conducting a thorough verbal handover of any partially completed tasks, either being taken on or passed on. Ensuring that all documentation is completed as far as possible. Partially completed tasks should only be accomplished in logical stages. You'll report to the Shift Supervisor, Station Manager or NAA any defects or conditions considered to represent a safety risk and you will adhere to all pertinent safety precautions and procedures as published in manufacturers, Company and other relevant publications. You'll need to comply with known and notified health and safety requirements, also ensuring that all facilities, tools and equipment are satisfactory for the tasks to be completed and that any defects are notified to the Certifying Technician, Shift Supervisor or Station Manager. You'll accept other duties and responsibilities as may reasonably be requested by the Shift Supervisor, Base Manager as well as carry out all scheduled tasks assigned by Supervisor in accordance with maintenance documentation. Requirements of the Role You must demonstrate an uptodate knowledge of applicable airworthiness legislation; ideally hold a time served apprenticeship and operational experience in a line maintenance environment. You need to have a high degree of customer focus  both internal and external and being able to work effectively in a team in all levels of the organisation. You need to be willing to be flexible to meet deadlines and overcome operational problems. You must be able to demonstrate a working knowledge of Health Safety Legislation and a technical knowledge of aircraft and hand skills required to carry out tasks as well as having the skills required to perform aircraft skin repairs. You'll have the ability to use aircraft maintenance documentation and computer based reporting and recording systems. NIGHT SHIFT  4 on 4 off With over 40 years of specialist experience, Advantage Technical Resourcing is the recruiter of choice for IT and Engineering professionals across EMEA. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Please visit our website to find out more about us. Advantage Technical Resourcing: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work.