Title: CNC Miller ********ph Temp to perm
Webindex: 67944913
Company: The Dane Partnership Ltd
Description: CNC Miller temp to perm, Yateley, Hampshire pound;**** pound;****ph negotiable dependent on experience nbsp; This is a subcontract CNC machining company primarily supplying components to the aerospace sector. The work is highmixlowvolume in nature where there is a real need to tackle some of the most complex machining projects. Consequently the range of technology is among some of the most advanced in today s market. This company is committed to development and growth both as a business and as an investor in its people. There have been substantial investments in new technology in recent years with plans for further developments in the short and mediumterm future. The company offers rewarding and friendly working atmosphere and significant opportunities to the right candidate. nbsp; Responsibilities: Setting an operating CNC machine centres Programming **** axis CNC machining centres at the control Occasional use of offline CAM programming facility Ensuring that operators are working effectively Learning and utilising the Company s Lean principles. Assist in the planning of work and the effective deployment of people and machines Observing the Company s health and safety rules General duties as required conductive to efficient running of the selection. nbsp; Previous Experience: Essential: CNC Programming, setting and operating experience **** axis machines. Aerospace components experience. Manual programming skills (ISO/Fanuc preferred. Mazatrol advantageous) Accomplished machinetool setter. Able to understand absorb drawing/model data and strategise operations. Time served with sound core engineering skills Comprehensive knowledge of materials, speeds, feeds cutters etc. Able to work to a high degree of complexity and accuracy Ability to prioritise nbsp; Desirable: Experience with offline Programming CADCAM systems Familiarity with aerospace quality systems. 4th and 5th Axis experience. nbsp; Personal Characteristics / Behaviours: SelfmotivatedWell organised and selfdisciplined Enthusiastic, friendly and approachable Lateral thinker, able to deal with varied workload Flexible and reliableCalm under pressure Able to build good working relationships across all levels Team player nbsp; Skills/Competencies: Good attention to detail Good time management Strong organisational skills Good communication skills Computer Literate nbsp; Applications in writing with a CV please. Due to the sometimes high volumes of applications, we may not be able to respond to each individual. Therefore, if you do not hear from us within 5 working days of your application, it should be assumed on this occasion you have not been successful.