Title: PCB Designer
Webindex: 69891719
Company: Outsource UK
Description: PCB Designer Job Type: Permanent Location: Essex Job Type: FTC12 months Salary: ****  **** per annum Role: This role is for a PCB Designer Administrator who will be responsible for the maintenance of the PCB CAD Star library and creation of new library parts requested by the circuit designers. Other duties include PCB design and assistance to the PCB Design Facilitator in managing, checking PCB layouts and documentation, created by the external design houses. This role sits within the Engineering Services department; other services provided by Engineering Services include mechanical design/draught and numerical modelling (Mechanical and multi physics computer simulations). Main Accountabilities: Maintenance and update of the CAD Star library. Creation of new library parts as requested by the circuit designers. Obtain quotations from design house via purchasing, raise orders via SAP and track progress of the orders. Feeding back to internal customers any changes, technical, cost or delivery. Ensure all relevant information to be sent out is on time, concise, accurate and to the required level of detail to minimise errors and queries between e2v engineering and the design house. Collation and reporting of process metrics Work with internal customers to understand future project requirements, maintain spread sheet. Deliver on time and to budget for all PCB design and ECR changes Assist the PCB Design Facilitator with checking of delivered layouts and documentation generated by our external design houses. Assist the PCB Design Facilitator with their general duties. Ideal Experience Knowledge and experience of PCB design. Skilled in the use of PCB Design software packages.(CAD Star) Document and configuration control knowledge. Knowledge of PDM (ideally SAP). Knowledge of ISO 9001. Experience with high density, multilayer PCB design layouts. Experience of control and tracking of work flow is advantageous. Use of 2D AutoCAD is advantageous. Broad knowledge of 'Microsoft Office' products. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK If you would like to be considered for the role, please email your CV or call for further information on the above position or 'Apply Online'. Katy is a dedicated Recruiter specialising in the Engineering sector and works on behalf of candidates looking for opportunities to progress and clients searching for relevant, experienced candidates on both a contract and permanent basis within this sector. We grow our business by referrals  do you know anyone I could help today? Please visit our website.