Title: Project Implementation & TLS Manager
Webindex: 66980863
Company: Matchtech
Description: Our client are a major provider of defence communication systems and systems support to the MoD in all theatres. They are currently seeking a Project/Through Life Support Manager to join them at their head offices in Redhill. Main Purpose of Job • To lead by example a Project support team to ensure that customer expectations are met first time every time. • To oversee the implementation, timescales and costs of approved projects both MoD and Commercial to meet company and customer requirements. • To manage the through life support of MoD and major commercial projects, including Navy PFI, and to act as one of the key customer interfaces representing the company to the customer commercially. • To be responsible for a team providing 3rd line expert technical support to customers, field service teams and other internal departments as required. • To have overall responsibility for and line manage projects office, workshop, field service engineers and drawing office. Key Tasks • To support (either directly or via line management of a Project Support team) the MoD, Enterprise System Engineering and Sales teams as applicable in: o Costing, resourcing and agreeing timescales for ongoing standard installation and project work. o To verify the technical accuracy of quotations and create parts lists and engineering orders from technical solutions. o To determine and specify the Purchasing requirements for standard technical solutions, and to plan and implement such solutions, including backing off purchasing requirements with suppliers for the life of the project and always ensuring that the highest quality standards are applied to all customer submissions. o Preparing and presenting technical and project documentation as required. o To take ownership and responsibility for all MoD and Commercial project implementation and ensure that projects progress smoothly through the company and according to agreed timescales. o Responsibility for ongoing monitoring of and control of project roll out costs ensuring correct and timely cost allocation, signing off supplier invoices and ensuring that budget overruns are quickly understood and escalated internally or externally as required. o To ensure sufficient team resource to support customer and sales requirements for customer demonstrations, new system evaluation, customer training etc and /or organise training of sales staff to enable them to demonstrate the Company portfolio. o To ensure team is sufficiently trained to provide cover for all tasks during absences • To represent the Company at key customer project meetings and in particular to be one of the key customer interfaces alongside the MoD Sales Manager and the MoD Systems Engineering Manager to oversee the smooth implementation of the MoD technical Refresh programme including liaison with the Navy, Networks, Paradigm and other stake holders as required. • To take overall ownership, and responsibility of the Technical Refresh Roll out. This will include amongst others, management of a Senior Project Support Engineer (Navy) and Service Assurance Manager who will support various aspects of the Technical Refresh programme on a day to day basis. • To oversee the provision of appropriate operating instructions and documentation to support engineering and customer requirements working with internal departments and third parties as required to ensure that planning and implementation is in accordance with Company guidelines, budgets and customer requirements. • To ensure all project tasks and solutions are correctly documented and carried out in line with ISO 9001:**** (or current equivalent) and Company policy and that records are kept centrally of design/software changes and compatibility for approved projects; • To be responsible on behalf of the company (whether directly or overseeing the team) for service assurance and ILS documentation (both implementation and ongoing reviews) including but not limited to safety cases, level guidance, risk assessment, user documentation, in life support procedures etc as required and to ensure that regular (as mandated by contract) reviews are carried out and documented. • To provide (either directly or via line management of a Project Support team) expert technical advice, support and training to the Support desk, Workshop, IT department and other Company departments as required. • To provide (either directly or via line management of a Project Support team) 2nd line support for the Support desk, liaising with all parties and ensuring that CRM cases are updated quickly and accurately. • To oversee the project team to ensure through life 3rd line support of Mod and Commercial services including on site maintenance support as required for the MoD Gateway’s and Mobile systems. • To manage Workshop, Field Engineering and Drawing Office functions so that the needs of the business are met. • Where nominated to act as the Project Quality Engineer Experience/Skills/Qualifications • Must hold, or have the ability to achieve, minimum DV Security Clearance. • Extensive engineering or project management experience in the defence market. • Excellent technical skills with electronic systems/communications/IT in defence. • Engineering or Communication Degree preferred but not essential. • Must be commercially aware, customer focused with a proactive and flexible approach to work. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.