Title: Senior ICA Technician
Webindex: 66160413
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction My Client is the world s fourth largest privatelyowned water company. They serve over eight million customers across the heart of the UK and are looking for an experienced ICA Technician to join their team. Important Automation, ICA, Quality Engineer, Site engineer, PLC Engineer The Job Role Objective: The Senior ICA Technician role objectives have the potential to influence on Waste Water Services KPI s, by: Provision of ICA leadership and support to the East region Service Delivery and Asset Creation colleagues. Optimisation of automated waste water treatment plant and site communication infrastructure. Implementations of the 100% ICA support commitment to Service Delivery by supervision of the PLC/HMI backup code procedures, and identification/replacement of obsolete assets. Ability to appraise new/novel ICA systems and algorithms. Key Accountabilities: Delivery of hands on programming of complex site control systems to optimise treatment performance, energy consumption and chemical requirements energy/chemical while maintaining regulatory compliance. Training and up skilling of Instrument Technicians to ensure that lowlevel control code modifications can be supported locally Management of regional process control code and backup procedures to ensure correct version of PLC/HMI code is available on the main server. Management and organisation of the quarterly regional ICA forums Development of new process control/automation algorithms and conversion into Standards that can be shared across the company. Maintain self development to ensure the highest level of ICA technical expertise to be able to solve (and know of other internal and external contacts amp; resources who can assist in solving) any ICA system problem that arises. Attend FAT/SAT tests for commissioning of complex control algorithms (e.g. activated sludge plants, intermediate pumping stations). Support to Asset Creation for ICA capital schemes to ensure the right solution is delivered. Identification of all PLC/HMI assets and uploading onto SAP (along with RCM tasks). Project management of obsolete plc s/hmi s replacement schemes. Experience: Essential Fully conversant with Mitsubishi/Rockwell PLC/HMI Systems Ability to use company standard IT packages Electrical knowledge to attain a minimum approved person status Full driving license Desirable Electronics/Electrical/Software Design Engineering Higher National Certificate/Diploma or higher Understanding of the principles of the waste water treatment process Experience with other plc/hmi/comms systems (e.g. Siemens, DeviceNet, Profibus, Telemecanique) Ability to program SCADA systems Capabilities: In order to succeed in this role it is expected that you will have: Essential Demonstrate ICA leadership capabilities Self motivated with the ability to plan and organise workload and prioritise when required. The ability to work independently and possess the ability to prioritise needs and deliver outputs within the required timescales. Good communication skills (verbal, written) with the ability to influence others to contribute to the achievement of expected outputs. Excellent team working skills Drive continuous improvement of Service Delivery Instrument Technicians. Understanding of the impact of automation code changes on final effluent quality Qualifications: HNC/HND or degree in electrical or systems engineering (Desirable) To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK