Title: Quality Systems Engineer x**** (Medical Devices Manufacturer)
Webindex: 72457631
Company: TRS Consulting
Description: Quality Systems Engineer x2 (Medical Devices Manufacturer) ****K  Excellent Benefits Package and Opportunities for Career Advancement An excellent opportunity for experienced Quality Systems Engineers to join a market leading manufacturer of medical systems Locations: Kent and Manchester The Company – Quality Systems Engineer x2 My client is a worldwide leader in the development and manufacture of medical and laboratory instrumentation. This organisations impressive portfolio of systems is trusted by healthcare and laboratory professionals around the world. The medical devices and laboratory instrumentation systems division is an integral part of this global technology group, employing over **** employees in over 120 countries worldwide. Offering 'best in class' solutions across a wide range of equipment modalities, their success is based upon a commitment to world leading manufacturing facilities, outstanding product innovation, excellent customer care and the recruitment and development of good people. The Role – Quality Systems Engineer x2 Following expansion within two of their manufacturing divisions, this organisation now seeks to recruit two Quality Systems Engineers, with the following responsibilities:  Performing quality systems work in regards to the processes relating to products manufactured within a sterile clean room environment and active medical devices.  Assist in driving improvement with QMS Compliance and reduction of cost of quality in purchased materials, purchased finished goods and manufacturing processes. In particular, processes supporting supplier management, supporting the Purchased Finished Goods procurement process, contract manufacturing sites internal external quality audits, CAPA, component compliance, QMS training and all QMS compliance activities.  Key role in ensuring product issues are promptly investigated and adequate corrective/preventive action is implemented.  Ensure that all Quality System procedures are established under one system that implements the requirements of the FDA QSR, ISO 9001, ISO 13485, Medical Device Directive (MDD) and other national and international regulatory requirements.  Ensuring the CAPA, internal quality audit and supplier management systems are operating effectively. Your Background – Quality Systems Engineer x2 To excel in this role, the successful applicant will need to be able to demonstrate experience either from a manufacturing background (having worked your way up to auditor level to CAPA, validation and supply) or from a Quality Systems administration or laboratory background. You must have experience of working in a regulated manufacturing environment such as aerospace, medical devices, pharmaceutical or food manufacturing and should have excellent communication skills and able to travel world wide to assess plants and interact with stakeholders. The Benefits – Quality Systems Engineer x2 These are excellent opportunities to join a market leading medical devices organisation offering excellent product training and genuine opportunities for career progression. A generous remuneration package is also guaranteed, including competitive salary of ****K, healthcare, contributory pension scheme and the opportunity to progress your career within a market leading organisation. To apply for this excellent opportunity, please forward your CV to the named contact below. This vacancy is being advertised by TRS Consulting (UK) Limited. The services advertised by TRS Consulting (UK) Limited are those of an employment agency and / or an employment business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QualitySystemsEngineerx2MedicalDevicesManufacturer_job****