Title: PMO Lead / Manager  London
Webindex: 66160439
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction PMO Lead / Manager (Project Management Office) required to work for this rapidly expanding global Logistics Solution Provider. Paying upto pound;****k. Based in London. Important Project Manager, PMO, Portfolio Management, Resource Management, Tracking, Planning The Job The PMO Lead / Manager is there to gather information on all of the company s projects and to track the progress in each identifying danger points and sharing best practice that would affect delivery times and drawing these to the attention of the appropriate level of management. Experience/Exposure of working in a SAP environment will be a massive benefit. Key responsibilities Responsible for tracking project performance against agreed delivery timelines, to ensure there are no delays of requirements for critical workstreams. Support all Project Managers with day to day running of project admin tasks. Fully supports infrastructure including administration, organisation of project meetings and minutes. Develop and execute resource management capability  including recommending sources for both forecasting and tracking actuals. Creates and maintains a uniform approach to project management. Applies project management knowledge, skills, tools, and techniques in supporting project leads. Acts as a reference point for PMO queries and information and an advocate for sharing best practices in project management Maintains financial controls and admin systems for documenting, monitoring, forecasting and budgeting of all project progress and expenditure Produces a weekly performance report and monthly project status reports as required Acts as a key liaison across all functional areas. Provide assistance to maintain and update the project management framework and disciplines necessary to support a PMO Develop positive relationships with managers and staff to enable the PMO to provide support including facilitation, tracking and reporting on projects, and training. Assists with establishing PMO stakeholder management plan and implementation of the communication framework Understand the deliverables of internal and external PMO customers and develop and maintain a basic understanding of customer policies / procedures as relevant Experience required   Proven PMO management/coordinator experience and knowledge of Project Management  Will have worked on various different types of project including technology, infrastructure amp; construction.  Complexity of the project will be multinational  Understanding of the principles and frameworks of successful project management  Proven experience in providing service to internal and external stakeholders to achieve successful project outcomes  Understanding of project delivery and acceptance processes within a fastpaced business environment  Demonstrated capability for problem solving, decision making, sound judgment, assertiveness  Ideally experienced of working in a SAP environment  Relevant tertiary qualification preferred. Project management certification e.g. PMP, CAPM PMO Lead / Manager Global Logistics Solution Provider Paying upto pound;****k  London