Title: Service Engineer  Mechanical
Webindex: 68372631
Company: ATA Recruitment
Description: Main Purpose of the Role Use sound mechanical skills to strip down, fault find and repair components used in the petrochemical and Oil Gas industries. This role will require you to visit clients sites in the UK plus carry out overhaul work in the workshop.  Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this position  The Person You should be flexible and dynamic in your approach, and bring energy and drive to your work. Key requirements are; Mechanical biased engineer Knowledge on rotating equipment i.e pumps,transmissions,valves,turbines etc. Service, maintenance repair experience Commutable to Manchester Time Served Key Responsibilities Installation , repair and upgrade of products Identify and eliminate issues with rotating equipment effecting performance Participate in continuous improvement activities Product failure analysis Develop good customer relationships Salary and Benefits ****k basic (****k OTE) plus pension, life assurance, onsite canteen/parking, top level training package The Company Part of a billion dollar group with worldwide exposure in a number of sectors but primarily in Oil Gassector. Multiple locations worldwide and a market leading product line. How to Apply Interviews are happening immediately, so don't delay For further details please contact Matthew Townend on [blocked], email matthew.townendatarecruitment.co.uk or send your CV by clicking 'Apply'.  Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this position  ATA Recruitment Ltd, the recruitment division of RTC Group PLC, has a nationwide presence represented by branches in nine locations across the UK. Typical vacancies filled would be chemical, management, maintenance, service, design, production and project roles. With a convenient Leeds Centre location our premises provide excellent facilities for face to face interviews. For further positions please take time to browse our website: www.atagroup.co.uk or alternatively call one of our consultants on [blocked]