Title: Quality amp; Compliance Manager
Webindex: 68179670
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview CCSUtilities Purpose of Role Maintaining industry technical compliance accreditations, managing legacy defects rectification and supporting operational excellence agenda. Key Objectives of the Role Technical compliance objectives: 1. Ensure compliance with all aspects of statutory regulations, specifications and policies relevant to industry technical accreditations. 2. Carry out site inspections and instigate any corrective action if required. These will include health and safety, quality, statutory and policy compliance. **** Carry out ongoing review of processes, procedures, systems related to relevant industry technical accreditations and develop and maintain required policy and procedure documentation. **** Liaise and maintain relationships with key industry stakeholders in support of relevant industry technical accreditations. nbsp; 5. Provide technical compliance advice and guidance to operational staff and the SMT. **** Ensure technical best practice and lessons learnt are captured and shared across the business via Knowledge Bank. 7. Promote, identify and instigate technical innovation across the business. **** Support development of business plans and work winning strategies. **** Represent the business in industry forums, consultations and associations. Legacy defects objectives: 1. Develop strategy for management of the existing legacy defects with the view to reduce financial impact to the business. Develop strategy for reducing quality failures on live contracts with the view to minimise potential for these to turn into legacy defects. 2. Manage rectification of defects through subcontract delivery. **** Liaise with local authorities and utility companies to minimise buisiness liability on legacy defects. **** Provide line management and leadership to the legacy defects team. 5. Ensure quality checking programme is in place on live contracts. Work with the management teams to identify root cause for quality failures and develop improvement plans. **** Work with operational teams to identify and change behaviours connected with quality failures. 7. Manage the coring regime. Job Level Overview Subject to functional policy objectives and/or general business direction, the Job Holder will work within broadly defined policies and objectives. He/She will demonstrate a detailed grasp of involved practices and procedures and will normally possess either an appropriate professional, or academic quqlification. The Job Holder s performance will have either a small impact on plc performance, or a medium impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Delivers elements within their Business Unit plan to achieve current year s performance Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 12 years Manages activities to support operational delivery and growth for their Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines Maintains effective internal and external client or user relationships within own area of responsibility Delivers Health and Safety policy and standards Implements Business Unit decisions and sets local priorities Applies high level technical skills across a range of functional or business activities Focuses on providing input to the annual business, financial and people plan for the specific contract, project or specialism Financial Accountabilities Within a Business Unit or a professional function: Works within clear budgetary guidelines Translates plans and requirements into realistic budgets and targets for subteams Promotes innovative ways to add value and reduce costs within the team. May contribute to budget planning Directs Level 1 projects People Accountabilities For a contract or multidisciplinary team: Responsible for the overall resourcing Optimises performance Undertakes performance reviews and provides training, reward and succession recommendations Full management control of people resources and is responsible for implementing disciplinary actions up to and including dismissal. Knowledge and Applied Skills Possesses knowledge of one complex functional or business area Track record of success in supporting a major business contract, Business Unit or region and/or providing support to a professional function Likely to have in excess of 5 years managerial and/or technical experience. Member of a Professional Body with Intermediate Level Qualifications as a minimum. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information Minimum 2 years experience in a similar role, experience of National Grid systems and processes desirable. Knowledge and experience of working to ISO systems. Proven track record in quality/compliance management