Title: Manufacturing Engineer / Assistant Manufacturing Engineer
Webindex: 65185183
Company: Gem Partnership
Description: My client is a major manufacturing business based on the outskirts of Newcastle upon Tyne. As a result of business demands, the company is looking to recruit an Assistant Manufacturing Engineer to work within demanding manufacturing site. The role:  Adhere to Company regulations, policies, and procedures for health, safety, and environmental compliance.  Prepare required production documentation to support various products manufactured on site.  Monitor and adjust production processes or equipment for quality and productivity.  Handle day to day production issues, conduct failure analysis on production rejects.  Provide advice and feedback on corrective actions to manufacturing team.  Introduction of new products, processes, procedures, updating documentation/drawings and machine programs as required.  Participate in project work as assigned.  Contribute to the improvement of product cycle times, scrap reduction, product flow and scrap reduction on an ongoing basis.  Verify drawings from sales team, generating plot files for products to be built.  Support transition of new products from development to production by conducting pilot runs gathering initial data for presentation to onsite teams.  Inspect finished products for quality and adherence to customer specifications. Key Skills Requirement  Ability to read mechanical drawings.  Microsoft Office (working knowledge of PowerPoint, Excel and Word).  Use of AutoCAD.  Ability to troubleshoot manufacturing issues using techniques such as ****D.  Team player and able to work on own initiative.  Professional and positive outlook to all tasks and requests.  Flexible attitude. Educational requirements HNC/NVQ level 4 in a relevant discipline, /or be able to demonstrate an equivalent level of practical industrial experience or knowledge to carry out all aspects of the job role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ManufacturingEngineerAssistantManufacturingEngineer_job****