Title: Structural Cad Technician  Hemel Hempstead
Webindex: 68804875
Company: Randstad
Description: STRUCTURAL CAD TECHNICIAN HEMEL HEMPSTEAD  BUILDINGS STRUCTURES CAD  to work for consultancy who provide multidisciplinary services in areas including Structural and Civil Engineering, Building Surveying, Land Surveying, Transport and Highway Engineering. This is a permanent position within the Structural Engineering team based at their office in Hemel Hempstead. This team undertakes the following tasks:  Design of structures, including large framed commercial and residential projects  Foundation design and assessment.  Building defect audits for insurance purposes, and litigation resolution The team is highly motivated and committed to the delivery of successful projects. This ethos has resulted in an expanding workload and the requirement for a cad technician. A suitable candidate will enjoy their work and the challenges provided. Remuneration amp; Training The Company will provide a competitive salary, a contribution towards a personal pension scheme (up to 5% of salary) and professional membership fees, which are paid for one organisation. The company contributes to a social club which organises regular social events such as gocarting, theatre trips, golf, bowling etc. The firm have a friendly and supportive working environment, which has resulted in good morale, and a low staff turnover. The company has a strong commitment to training ranging from on the job training in new software and design techniques to Training Programmes for Chartered status and external short courses. The company breadth of skills and experienced staff creates an excellent environment for new staff to undertake varied and rewarding tasks and expand their knowledge and skills. Principal Accountabilities:  Have an excellent working knowledge of AutoCAD.  Have some years relevant experience of technical drawing using AutoCad in a structural consultancy buildings environment.  Be able to read and understand Architectural drawings and create structural general arrangement drawings under the guidance of a Structural Engineer.  Be able to draw and detail building elements in steel, concrete, masonry amp; timber. Experience in RC detailing would be an advantage but not essential.  Be able to communicate effectively and work within a team. A Structural CAD Technician will ordinarily undertake the following tasks:  Production of bending schedules and issue sheets.  Printing drawings.  Uploading or downloading drawings to web sites.  Sending drawings by email.  Ensuring incoming and outgoing drawings are stored in accordance with company procedures. Ensuring drawings are presented in accordance with standard company practice You must be a car driver and have the full right to work in the UK. Candidates who already live within sensible commuting distance will be given priority. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills Structural Cad Technician  Buildings  Hemel Hempstead