Title: Operations Manager (Data Center)
Webindex: 69199908
Company: Omni Resource Management Solutions
Description: Operations Manager (Data Centers) Home based with daily travel to Milton Keynes and Leicester **** plus car This is an exceptional opportunity to really enhance your career within a data center environment. Working for one of the market leading engineering and facilities management organisations you will oversee the delivery of core maintenance services across **** major data centers. Main Duties Across the different sites, manage the shift teams and team supervisors, covering PPMs and critical maintenance services Provide engineering advice and guidance in general on property matters affecting the ongoing management of the delivery of PPMs and critical maintenance services Oversight of statutory compliance, including water treatment and closed systems. Create and ensure engineering and maintenance best practice is maintained and delivered at all times across the sites Supervising all operational and maintenance activities, to ensure work is executed in a safe and suitable manner and complies with SLA's Supervising staff, both inhouse and external suppliers to deliver a highly focused client service. Coordinating, with the Shift Lead Technicians, planned and unplanned maintenance activities. Write, submit and drive through to approval, change requests needed to complete critical planned maintenance activities. Ensuring the maintenance of accurate plant records, information and reporting systems. Experience Required Proven experience in the operation and maintenance of critical systems and preferably understands the full range of M E equipment in modern Data Center environment. Professional and strategic approach to management of projects, analytical skills to interpret client requirements and produce desired results. Ability to work under pressure, friendly personality and respectful with client to promote healthy working relationship. Strong people management experience This role will offer excellent opportunities for career development and the chance to prove your operational management experience within a critical site environment. As you will be covering sites in Milton Keynes and Leicester it is essential you can travel between the **** locations with relative ease. Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location Job start date: ASAP