Title: Electronic Repair Technician
Webindex: 69008117
Company: CBSbutler
Description: Electronic Repair Technician  Hampshire  ****K  ****K  Benefits An opportunity has arisen for an Electronic Repair Technician to join our Defence and Security client providing production services to the company Support Team for repairs to faulty equipment. This may involve both mechanical; wiring and board level diagnostics and repair using bespoke test equipment. You will be comfortable with working closely with engineers, other technicians and production staff, providing guidance in the performance of their duties or sometimes working alone if required. You should be flexible and adaptable in dealing with changing work requirements and conditions when necessary. The role will involve general technician services including some PCB rework, cable assembly and some production work. Responsibilities Perform rework and repairs to product returns including circuit boards, mechanical assemblies, cables and looms Perform equipment test and calibration to confirm repair activities and equipment functionality Perform upgrade tasks including modifications to circuit boards, wiring assemblies and product assemblies. You will be competent in the use of assembly, test and rework equipment Completion of build records (routecards), support repair forms and use of electronic data collection system (MRP). Advises on documentation errors Qualifications & Experience BTEC level 3/HNC or equivalent Knowledge of IPC standards of work to IPC **** class 3 as applicable to PCBs, assemblies, cables and looms Demonstrates experience of performing electronic assemble rework to circuit boards and cable assemblies Able to read and interpret electrical and mechanical drawings Systematic approach to delivering work packages, able to determine best methods and clearly advise engineers and technicians on available options Proven experience of working in a similar environment Previous experience of operating automated SMT Pick and Place and associated machinery would be an advantage Experience of product level disassembly & assembly, cable manufacturing techniques, and the use of assembly equipment Working knowledge of soldering to IPC standards and practical application of the skills Due to the nature of this position, you must be willing to undergo, and eligible to achieve a high level of HMG security clearance (prior to appointment). As a result, candidates must hold a British passport and have resided in the UK for the last 5 years. This position offers a competitive salary and benefits package. Please email your CV for immediate consideration