Title: Energy Consultant  DEC, EPC Assessments
Webindex: 68712302
Company: Green Recruitment Company
Description: Energy Consultant  DEC, EPC Assessments Job Type: Permanent Salary: ****  benefits Location: home based with travel in the South East Consultant: Tim Hall Ref: ECF**** The Client: Our client is a major energy consultancy, based in Greater London who are current looking to recruit an Energy Consultant to deliver a diverse range of energy related services and products. The Candidate: The Energy Consultant will work in a team, reporting to a Senior Manager. You will be responsible for the delivery of site surveys, in depth reports, as well as the development and implementation of strategies at various sites to minimise energy and water use in commercial buildings. A highly committed, customer focused, results driven individual will achieve great results in this demanding role. Candidate Responsibilities:  To carry out DEC and EPC site surveys and produce associated reports and certification.  To help develop and deliver new energy related services  To analyse utility consumption data to identify excessive use and potential savings.  To keep up to date, and to brief colleagues, on all legislative change.  To investigate new technologies and report findings to colleagues.  To undertake site surveys and investigations and prepare technical reports regarding the use and conservation of energy and water.  To provide assistance and service cover in all other energy related activities as required.  To liaise with business development teams from other parts of the business and advise on energy practices and innovation.  To highlight and report on any energy / water efficiency or purchasing opportunities that will benefit the customer.  To Carry out TM44 surveys and produce associated reports. Candidate Requirements:  CIBSE LCC / LCEA with up to date EPC level 4 and DEC accreditation essential.  Accredited (or close to) to carry out TM44 Air Conditioning Inspections  Technical expertise in implementing energy solutions, and firm understanding of building engineering services for commercial buildings  Ability to carry out site surveys and investigations into building energy performance and to cost a project and determine potential savings from energy reduction and therefore the payback period.  Good presentation and written communication skills  Familiarity with monitoring and targeting software  Knowledge and understanding of legislation relating to energy and carbon management. (EU EPBD and CRC)  Experience of presenting to organisations and individuals, both orally and in writing, information and complex technical issues and potential solutions in a clear and concise manner.  Experience with DesignBuilder preferred  Demonstrable competence in using MSWord, Excel PowerPoint Key skills required:  Assured communication, relationship, influencing and negotiating skills with customers and employees  Selfmotivation and personal drive to complete tasks to required timescales and quality standards.  To take initiative, and work without close supervision. The Green Recruitment Company is an Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. To apply for this role please contact: Tim Hall **** **** **** timgreenrecruitmentcompany.com www.greenrecruitmentcompany.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EnergyConsultantDECEPCAssessments_job****