Title: Electrical Project Engineer/Manager
Webindex: 69265471
Company: ATA Recruitment
Description: Electrical Project Manager position within a forward thinking engineering company that manufactures specialist electrical equipment for industrial and commercial clients. Salary Location: ****k  ****k  generous holiday allowance  health insurance Gloucestershire, Cheltenham, Bristol, Somerset, Wiltshire, Swindon Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this position  The Role: Within the remit of this role you will execute successful turnkey capital projects from sales handover through to completion on time and to budget. You will take P L responsibility for the assigned capital projects, provide invoicing forecasts and cost budgets, give project support to the field staff as required and provide support to capital sales. Due to the nature of the work you will need to be able to deal with commercial, operational and technical issues and action them quickly. Further training and development is on offer and excellent career progression is available for the right candidate. The Candidate: Experience of managing capital equipment projects (min **** phase electrical systems) '' Understanding of switchgear/ UPS systems (ideal) Aspire to both technical and hierarchical progression. '' Experience in Project Management/Engineering positions Electrical Engineering based degree / HND/ HNC or equivalent (ideal) Technically able with strong interpersonal skills The Company: The company are part of a worldwide group that specialise in the supply, service and installation of industrial electrical equipment to clients in the private sector as well as government and military institutions. Due to strong organic growth caused by an ever increasing order book, the company require a Project Manager to become part of their long term development plans. In return for your efforts, you will be rewarded with an exceptional package including extremely competitive basic salary, a clear, structured progression scheme, generous holiday allowance, private health care and excellent prospects and training. This is an outstanding opportunity to become part of a well established but expanding company with first rate career prospects. If you feel you are suitable for this role either apply online or contact Justin Reynolds on [blocked].