Title: Shift Engineer Food Manufacturing
Webindex: 72440070
Company: Focus Management Consultants Ltd
Description: This is an exciting time for ambitious Engineer to a join a FTSE 100 food manufacturing company. Our client has a blue chip reputation with multiple sites, within a fast paced food manufacturing environment. They are a market leader producing branded and ownlabel household named food products. Key Responsibilities To maintain a proactive approach to safety, quality and hygiene to ensure standards are maintained and improved. To maximise the uptime of production machinery, to assist in meeting the agreed production plan for the shift. To facilitate with the Lead Engineer to undertake continuous improvements on the lines to achieve the shift and Plant targets To manage daytoday routines, assisting operators in maximizing uptime of production machinery. Ensure the development of operators to carry out routine mechanical tasks as detailed in the Operator Skills and Grading modules, thereby contributing to the overall success of the plant. To liase with the Lead Engineer and other Technicians to ensure that breakdown and planned maintenance is carried out as agreed, and downtime minimized. To be a role model for the operators in assisting and driving the agreed standards with the Shift Manager and Lead Engineer. To ensure spares and stores inventory is updated on a timely basis. To carry out job and shift handovers as required, ensuring relevant information is passed on. To ensure individual accountability for best practices and keeping skills up to date. Carry out any other duties as reasonably requested by the Lead Engineer, Production Shift Manager, Engineering Manager or other member of the Site Management Team. Recognised Apprentice with electrical and/or Mechanical qualifications NVQ / City Guilds or equivalent qualifications Work experience in FMCG or similar packaging environment PLC experience Evidence of safe working practices and personal commitment to health and safety Evidence of identifying machine performance issues on a day to day basis and planning improvements Evidence of interpreting / recognizing / meeting performance standards This is a great opportunity for a Engineers who wants to work within FTSE 100 company. My Client is looking to move quickly on applications. Ref MDW**** by Maneeza Williams This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ShiftEngineerFoodManufacturing_job****