Title: Maintenance / Building Services Supervisor  City of London
Webindex: 68804874
Company: Randstad
Description: MAINTENANCE / BUILDING SUPERVISOR  COPORATE OFFICE  LONDON (CITY)  UP TO pound;****K Exciting opportunity to join a leading facilities amp; service provider situated inLondon. Our client is looking for a Maintenance site supervisor to be based at a corporate commercial building in located in the City. Reporting to the Engineering Manager, and supervising a team of up to twelve engineers, the job holder delivers a customer focused, cost effective and efficient property maintenance service. This includes Planned and Reactive Maintenance tasks and other services as required to meet the company s contractual obligations. Key duties amp; responsibilities Required to supervise a team of up to **** people Supervises and monitors performance of engineering staff and specialist sub contractors, ensuring completion of PPM and reactive tasks in accordance with maintenance plans, service level specifications and KPI s and meeting contractual and statutory obligations. Ensures appropriate maintenance quality and workmanship. Proactive in allocating work to the correct skill set ensuring efficient deployment of labour. Takes ownership of preaudit preparation Takes ownership of energy issues Performs Authorised Person role e.g. permit issue and is active in ensuring Safe Systems of Work. Responsible to ensure that safety standards are understood, implemented and maintained by team members and contractors. Is Deputy responsible person L**** (Complex Buildings)  note cooling towers installed at the site Deputises for Engineering Manager when required. Ensures compliance to all relevant financial and operational processes. Assists in the recruitment, selection and ongoing development of personnel, ensuring induction and appropriate training is delivered. Takes an active role in communications, undertaking job chats, team talks etc. Supports an excellent relationship with customers and other stakeholders within the wider regional team. Any other duties consistent with the level and responsibilities of the post as directed by the Engineering Manager Requirements City amp; Guilds / NVQ / Apprenticeship  Electrical 17th Edition HV Approved (New/expired)  Not essential Supervisory / Management skills Good experience / understanding of both mechanical and electrical plant (Cooling Towers) The ability to work without close management control. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.