Title: Senior Principal Engineer / Systems Architect  test Equipment
Webindex: 67957370
Company: Advantage Technical Resourcing Limited
Description: Lead the Design and/or Project Management activities for a small area of a specific Test system including the day to day control of assigned Electronics staff. (Note: The role is suitable for candidates who wish to take their first step into team leadership multidisciplinary teams (sometimes Multinational), including manufacturing mechanical/ electrical design, delivering tasks and equipment to demanding project timescales.) AccountabilitiesLead team/s that undertake the design, development and deployment of UK MBDA Automated Test Equipment Systems, Simulators and Field Support Equipment s in order to Test a range of sub assemblies and Systems from product development phases through to manufacturing test and trials Lead and Project Manage the design, development and manufacture of applicable Test system(s). Deliver the designs in accordance to specification, time and cost objectives. Develop and maintain the work plans and report progress as required. Load and manage relevant work into other Operations/T E functions. The establishment of own team s close liaison and working with Product Development and Manufacturing Teams on aspects of product Test Requirements, Testability, BIT Build In Test, Test Access and Test Flow operating within a concurrent engineering team framework The establishment of close working with the Test Equipment Systems Architect and Test and Simulation Software Development teams in order to maximise efficiency by the design and implementation of Modular, Reusable Software Architectures and by the application of existing Pan Europe MBDA Test Hardware and Software Catalogue approaches The development of innovative and competitive Test Equipment Hardware and Software solutions  Balance schedule, cost and performance, in line with test equipment policy. Innovative and creative Test System Architectures with demonstrated performance to schedule, to budget aligned where appropriate with the Pan Europe Generic Modular Test Hardware and Test Software approach Skills and Knowledge Experience in similar roles, preferably obtained from within an Aerospace, Defence or Automotive industry Broad technical knowledge of Test System Architectural definitions encompassing Electronic, Mechanical and Software disciplines Act as the functional technical lead for Test Equipment activities including future concepts and applied research. Manage a small team to deliver the test solution to cost and time Detailed knowledge in more than one of the following domains: The design and development of manual, semi automated and fully computerised ATE Automatic Test Equipment Subsystem/board electronic architecture definition from subsystem requirement inputs Design of Digital Electronics test solutions that include FPGA s and Microprocessors (e.g. Power PC, ARM) Design of Analogue, Baseband and RF test solutions Design of Power Electronics test solutions (e.g. PSU s Actuator drive circuitry) Test Strategy Development and Implementation. Instrumentation Integration Control utilizing GPIB, VXI, PXI, RS**** **** etc. Related competences in one of the following: Familiarity or awareness of using or programming MS Visual C++, C, National Instruments CVI/LabView, MS Visual Basic, HP RMB / HT Basic and Test Executives e.g. Agilent TestExec SL and National Instruments Test Stand Writing Requirement and associated documents and the ability to provide succinct and accurate reports/presentations Understanding and working with COTS based solutions Sub contract Test House negotiation, control and management Performance Indicators Plans agreed and maintained according to project update schedule and tasks achieved to time, budget and technical specification. Risk Assessments undertaken, reviewed and maintained. Progress reports produced as required. Team Reviews held to assess progress and reset priorities or redeploy resources. Tasks delegated to EE staff and other functions in accordance with company processes. Improvement actions/opportunities identified and implemented and benefits assessed. Performance reviews and team development activities achieved to plan The Company: Our client is a world leading, global missile systems company, delivering cuttingedge technologies to its multinational customer base. It operates in all of the major world markets and is the only company able to design and produce missiles and missile systems for army, navy and air forces. Their growing reputation for innovation and technical excellence owes much to their engineering facilities, rated amongst the most modern in the world. Our engineers relish the challenge of producing products to the highest performance specifications and with ability to survive the harshest environments required for the Land, Sea and Air services. They will have the knowledge, skills, capability and commitment to apply today s modern technologies to solve complex problems, that ensure the equipment can survive the toughest usage profiles that today s armed forces demand. To be successful applicants will also need to have excellent personal competencies, be highly motivated and work within multinational teams of all sizes This is a fantastic opportunity to join a market leading dynamic company who can offer career progression and personal development. With over 40 years of specialist experience, Advantage Technical Resourcing is the recruiter of choice for IT and Engineering professionals across EMEA. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Please visit our website to find out more about us. Advantage Technical Resourcing: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work.