Title: Engineering Shift Leader (Permanent Nights)
Webindex: 67770495
Description: The role To meet the demands of increased growth and expansion within the company a newly created role of Production Shift Leader has been created. Reporting directly into the Operations Manager, the Production Shift Leader will be responsible for the achievement of production targets and the provision of high quality, precision machined components in line with customer delivery schedules. As, Production Shift Leader you will organise people, materials and processes to meet departmental KPI's whilst managing people effectively in order to meet cost and quality targets and standards. Other main focuses will be to improve existing processes through the application of lean tools and techniques and the upkeep all of all department documentation. As Production Shift Leader you will be responsible for identifying the training and development needs and personal growth opportunities of employees. The Production Shift Leader will also have responsibility for maintaining and improving Health & Safety processes and procedures in line with the company's Health & Safety Policies, and will also be responsible for maintaining discipline via the company Disciplinary Procedures. The candidate The ideal candidate will be a time served Engineer/Supervisor with a CNC machining background and ideally be qualified to HNC level in a Mechanical Engineering related subject. Good communication & influencing skills, the ability to analyse & problem solve and a track record of developing teams are absolute prerequisites for this role. As Production Shift Leader you will also have broad experience of improving production processes through the use of Lean Manufacturing techniques. Other requirements for this role are strong leadership and the ability to understand health and safety and disciplinary processes and procedures. Candidates who have a precision component / CNC background and capabilities would have an advantage given the nature of the product. Pluswork Ltd is committed to applying the principles of Equal Opportunities in its Recruitment Procedures and Services and is a Diversity Pledged Recruiter as developed by the REC and Job Centre Plus