Title: Engineer Project Manager ****
Webindex: 69669908
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Automotive OEM seeks Project Manager to work at their site in Gaydon Important Act as the Key interface between ETO (Engineering To Order / Vehicle personalisation) and the wider stakeholders The Job Automotive OEM seeks Engineering ETO Project Manager Position Description: quot;Act as the Key interface between ETO (Engineering To Order / Vehicle personalisation) and the wider stakeholders. (Vehicle Programme Teams, Marketing, Manufacturing etc). Help coordinate a robust approach ensuring all properties (accessories / Limited editions etc.) are delivered to cost, time amp; the agreed quality standards. Coordinate the PCS (GPDS) cycle plan Milestone deliverable. Coordinate all Project deliverable Be responsible for status reporting, Cost / Timing / Quality. Act as the programme conduit for unlocking roadblocks. Lead cross functional issues ensuring resolution. Ensure robust Planning Via best practice process tool adherence. Provide status reports to the wider stake holders via PSTs, deliverable summary, gateway papers and night letters as required. Lead the ongoing development and enhancement of the ETO Programme Management processes. quot; Skills Required: quot;Able to demonstrate good project management experience and a track record of successful project delivery. Knowledge of whole vehicle systems and BOM creation. Knowledge of Product Development structure and processes (incl PCS / GPDS) Systems understanding of WERS / GPIRS is desirable An understanding of the parts procurement process and logistics involved. Knowledge and experience of prototype build and build planning processes. Self motivated, enthusiastic, proactive, demonstrates initiative, with ability to work with minimum supervision Excellent communication skills, PC literate, especially MS office Self confident and able to represent ETO Programme Management with integrity and credibility. Flexible with respect to travel. Full driving license quot; Experience Required: quot;Whole Vehicle Programme management and Launch experience. JLR specific process knowledge ideally gained in Product Development environment. Knowledge of key manufacturing process and how they are integrated to the Vehicle development process quot; To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK