Title: Senior QA Engineer (Automation and OOP)  Gaming  London
Webindex: 68576284
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: QA Engineer (Automation, Java and OOP)  Major eGaming Company  London QA Engineer , Automation Testing, Java, Agile , QTP, Selenium, Cucumber, Watir, Fitnesse, TDD, and eggplant, A promising opportunity has arisen for a talented QA Engineer (Automation, Java and OOP) to join an International eGaming company with accolades year after year, furthermore my Clients reputation in the eGaming industry is second to none. The chosen QA Engineer (Automation, Java and OOP) will join a talented Automation testing team in the HQ based in the heart of Central London. As the QA Engineer (Automation and OOP) you will be part of a crossfunctional team, which is responsible for delivering new venture sites and other programmes. This is both a vital and challenging role with a large amount of responsibility.The QA Engineer (Automation, Java and OOP) will be motivated, comfortable within a rapidly adjusting environment and very versatile and open minded when learning new technologies and tools. The succesful QA Engineer (Automation, Java and OOP) will have experience working in an Agile and Java enviroment, used the following tools and technoligies QTP, Selenium, Cucumber, Watir, Fitnesse, TDD, and eggplant. Furthermore to this subject the The succesful QA Engineer (Automation, Java and OOP) will be motivated self driven who loves working with and for their team members, open minded and loves a challenge. Key Skills: Essential 2 Years Automation Testing experience Extensive Knowledge and understanding of OOP (Object Orientated Programing) Experience working in Agile Environment Good Java Experience. Knowledge of TDD tools such as Cucumber. Knowledge of G.U.I tool such as eggplant. Good knowledge of SQLKey Skills: Desirable Development knowledge. eGaming Indusrty experience. Be able to pick up additional tasks outside of your core specialism in order to meet team commitments.QA Engineer (Automation, Java and OOP)  Major eGaming Company  London