Title: Waste Infrastructure Consultantcivil engineer
Webindex: 69083820
Company: SER Limited
Description: Waste Infrastructure Consultant Salary ******** UK My client is a major environmental consultancy with operations worldwide. Further expansion has created an outstanding opportunity for a Resource Efficiency Consultant (civil engineer) to advise government bodies, local councils and companies on sustainability solutions for waste and energy challenges. Your experience and skills will be rewarded with an exceptional salary and benefits package together with terrific future prospects. Role: Deliver a range of waste and resource efficiency projects, with a main focus on waste infrastructure. Infrastructure work will involve advising clients during both procurement and construction of waste infrastructure and services. You will also be expected to be flexible and work on projects not associated with infrastructure development. This could involve undertaking research into resource efficiency, products, wastes and technologies, as well as waste policy development and undertaking waste audits of businesses. Key accountabilities: Responsible for fulfilling tasks to time, budget and high quality, including site inspections, research (desk, field and by phone), data analysis, report writing, case studies and any other project requirement. Essential: Civil Engineering Degree and Masters and preferably be a chartered civil engineer. Experience of working within a modern waste infrastructure development environment and have spent time on site during construction of modern waste infrastructure. Must have a good working knowledge of the waste management industry as well as proven civil engineering skills. Skills/Requirements Observation, review, research and data analysis skills. Able to work under pressure to manage constant changes and to get the tasks completed Flexible with working hours and able to work away from home occasionally. This is not a traditional civil engineer role. It is a consultancy role and the individual will be expected to support the business development activities as well as contribute to delivery. If you are looking to join a fantastic organisation that is one of the leaders in their field then we need to speak to you today. Please call Sarah on the listed number or ideally email with a copy of your current CV