Title: Revenue Systems Analyst  Agile
Webindex: 62381550
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction A Unique opportunity has become available for a Systems Analyst / Business Systems Analyst with revenue collection systems experience to join a leading organisation based in central London. Experience of Agile is desirable. Salary negotiable  pound;****k neg Important Revenue collection system, system analyst, Agile, Vmodel, transport / rail The Job The Revenue Systems Analyst will provide efficient and effective support to business groups for both legacy and internally developed system functionality to ensure that internally developed systems satisfy defined business requirements. Main duties will include:  Defining and documenting functional and non functional system requirements and specifications for revenue collection and contact systems developed by the Customer Technology Agile Development team.  Taking ownership of defined business processes and system functions or components  Developing effective collaborative relationships with key internal and external stakeholders.  Act as the product owner for key for system components as per the Agile principles  Support functional, integration and user acceptance testing of internally developed systems. Knowledge, Skills amp; Experience required:  Degree educated or equivalent  Strong knowledge in revenue collection and apportionment system development and implementation techniques  Able to understand the agile amp; Vmodel methodology and apply appropriately  Good knowledge of customer facing and in house revenue collection infrastructure and technology trends, particularly those to public transport operations  Proven track record in stakeholder engagement: enthusing people, maintaining trust and supporting groups to ensure continued participation over time.  Broad experience of analysing complex issues in high volume transaction systems.  Broad experience of managing the full IT delivery lifecycle.  Broad experience of writing techniques for documenting functional and non functional requirements  Proven experience in collaborating with development teams, acting as an authoritative source of information for technical teams and informing the design and development of systems/processes. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity to work on a critical, complex system, highly visible used by ****.5m people everyday and collecting more than pound;3bn revenue every year Join an innovative globally recognised team leading the way in transit smart card ticketing development by implementing Contactless Payment Card Acceptance Work alongside other talented, passionate experts in your field with fantastic learning and development opportunities. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.