Title: Electrical Service Technician  Trainee
Webindex: 71445041
Company: CyanX
Description: Electrical Service Technician  Trainee Guiseley, North Leeds Salary to ****k (depending on experience)  Company Vehicle  Benefits KEY EXPERIENCE REQUIRED  Applicants must have at least 3 years electrical experience working on industrial machinery and be able to support their CV with suitable references and qualifications if held. THE ROLE Working with the Service Team, you will be shadowing existing Technicians for the first 6 months in order to gain the necessary skills and experience for the role. You will then be working full time across the UK providing installation services and attending breakdowns and callouts. Your responsibilities will include:  Installing, commissioning, demonstrating and repairing (electro/mechanically) the full range of ancillary equipment on Sheetfed Litho Printing Presses and occasionally on other industrial plant.  Liaising with the service office to ensure all scheduled work is carried out on time.  Operating in a flexible manner enabling you to accept further work such as breakdown situations and callouts.  Producing accurate service time sheets to ensure that; customers receive a true and correct invoice, company stock levels are maintained, and accurate service history is recorded on the company database.  Ensuring that future service work is logged and that special spare part orderings for work not completed is coordinated effectively.  Providing an accurate monthly expenses form.  Undertaking responsibility for the daily maintenance and security of company vehicles, IT equipment, mobile phones and tools.  Protecting the companies secure position, ensuring all data and records are kept confidential.  Working to the Company Safe working procedures , method statements and risk assessments .  Promoting the Company and its products to new and existing customers with a view to increasing business. THE PERSON It is expected that you will have studied or trained in an Electro/Mechanical related subject, and have strong electrical engineering experience within this sector. You will have good communication skills, be selfmotivated individual and be able to work independently and effectively without supervision. Due to the nature of the work you must have a full UK driving licence and be willing to work away from home several nights a week. ABOUT US We are a leading supplier of consumables and capital equipment to the print industry. We have a team of skilled engineers offering a nationwide callout service for the maintenance and repair of print machinery and we have built a good reputation for supplying quality goods to the printing industry If you wish to be considered for this excellent opportunity with a market leading company click apply. You will be transferred to our online application form that will take no more than **** minutes to complete. You must be eligible to work in the UK. People who may be interested in this role include: Electrical Engineers, Technicians, Technical Engineers, Electrical Mechanics, Service Technicians.