Title: Process Quality Engineer
Webindex: 69084014
Company: Shorterm Group
Description: Process Quality Engineer / PPAP / APQP / SPC Location: West Midlands, Birmingham, West Bromwich, Wolverhampton, Stourbridge, Dudley, Kidderminster, Bromsgrove, Redditch, Walsall Salary: **** to ****  Excellent package  Overtime The Role: To actively deliver quality process engineering services for the Halesowen Plant to sustain and improve operational performance and customer satisfaction. To support the drive to continuously improve our processes and procedures to World Class Manufacturing standards To ensure customer quality requirements are satisfied and exceeded, including timing and cost targets Respond direct with the customers when concerns are raised Implement corrective action teams to achieve key performance indicators To ensure the correct operations of the quality systems in compliance with TS**** To make sure good working relationships are developed and maintained with all customers and suppliers, both internal and external, communicating constructively and effectively at all levels To identify improvements in our products and processes Support the nurturing of a work culture that fosters growth, trust, honesty, empowerment and mutal respect and the development of peers To maintain a safe working environment and actively support the continuing development of a safety culture. In particular to work with H&S to review the safe working practices with PU foam and to update as required. To implement and sustain lean manufacturing principles by adhering to APS standards main activities To review existing storage and temperature control facilities and construct a series of recommendations for improvement. This will include the process for receiving raw material deliveries To review the PU foam plant and processes and construct a series of recommendations for improvement To review the current PU foam test procedures and construct a series of recommendations for improvement Working with the maintenance department, design, train and implement a preventative maintenance schedule for all PU foam systems from bulk storage through to component manufacture To design and implement process monitors which ensure that the PU foam processes are working correctly at all times To support the implementation of projects into production, including the introduction and maintenance of procedures, standards, documentation etc. To work with the PU foam production team to ensure that appropriate Standard Operating Procedures are constructed and documented. To train the PU foam production line leaders and operators in the implementation of Standard Operating Procedures. To actively identify and agree opportunities to improve new and current PU foam processes and lead the work to deliver the benefit. In particular this activity will focus on improving parts produced per hour, reduction of material usage and scrap reduction. To actively identify and agree opportunities to improve new and current PU foam processes and lead the work to deliver the benefit. In particular this activity will focus on improving parts produced per hour, reduction of material usage and scrap reduction. To liaise with suppliers of raw material and equipment to ensure that we are always aware of developments in the field of PU foam technology. To construct recommendations for the upgrading of Halesowen PU foam technology to keep pace with best practice. Attend and be an active member of the Daily Management system Conduct daily quality/process audits, action if required Conduct TS**** audits to plan, action non conformities Implement engineering changes Develop/Maintain all documentation when required (FMEA, JES, SCS, CP SWC) Lead customer concern process (containment, investigation, countermeasure, validation) Through measurement/study understand and quantify waste (NVA) to eliminate/reduce Facilitate and promote the use of practical problem solving techiniques in the management of day to day activities and issue resolution Develop BSC to support the Lead BSC and work to conclusion Actively encourage the team to highlight and document waste in their daily work. Through team concensus proiritise opportunities and own the action plan Implement engineering changes Conduct production sample builds Investigate and gain quotes/raise purchase requistions to fulfill actions Participate in customer VE/VA activities Using TAKT to review /improve line balancing and optimise manning decision making duties Stop production/working practice on identification of unsafe working conditions. Stop production/working practice on identification of nonconforming product/process or practice. 3rd party inspection authorisation and communication to QM Request of customer in conjunction with QM Line balance in line with customer TAKT required qualifications HNC/HND level qualification in Engineering/Chemistry discipline Knowledge of the Automotive industry TS**** Auditing. Knowledge of standard IT software scope for decision making  range and consequences The holder of this position is free to make the right decision to support the organisational needs within the remit and scope of their decision making duties, and the company policies and procedures. Escalation procedure to be followed in the event of any serious risk to the organisation in terms of Quality, Cost, Delivery, and Health and Safety. To Apply phone Nick Stuart quoting on (Apply online only), alternative email you details