Title: Principal Mechanical Engineer  Nuclear
Webindex: 71821483
Company: GPW
Description: Mechanical Engineer; Principal Mechanical Engineer; Nuclear Engineer We are looking for a Principal Mechanical Engineer (Nuclear) to join our client based in the North West. This role will be working out of their Cheshire or Lancashire office. The main purpose of the role will be to work flexibly to undertake a variety of mechanical design activities associated with the design, test, substantiation and installation of high integrity mechanical plant and systems. Support the engineering manager in major business activities and special projects. Supervise and support other in engineering. This is a permanent role paying circa **** per annum. Please note, due to the nature of this position we would only be able to consider candidates with previous Nuclear experience. The main duties of the Principal Mechanical Engineer will include: Determining overall requirement in terms of cost, time, resource and technical content of mechanical design with the Manager. Designing and formulating plans which satisfy these requirements in conjunction with allocated staff. Providing mechanical design input to tenders, consistent with the job holder s level of experience. Coordinate and manage all engineering activities on allocated projects or part projects as required. Undertaking mechanical design tasks, particularly the design and analysis of mechanisms and mechanical plant. Being responsible for the development of allocated junior staff as appropriate. Leading discussions with internal and external customer and suppliers in order to ensure that programmes are delivered to specification, cost and time. Coordinating with other areas within the business in order to ensure the provision of appropriate design support commitment. Working within and maintaining required records for all work in order to satisfy company standards, procedures, national quality and legal requirements. Keeping abreast of latest technology and identify technology developments and resources appropriate to the business needs and engineering activities. Supervise small multidisciplined teams to achieve project deliverables. Compiling cost and programme estimates, and managing to cost and programme for a group of tasks, undertaken by self and subordinate staff, for the allocated team size. Writing and checking reports, proposals calculations and statistics. Main accountabilities of the Principal Mechanical Engineer will be; Responsible for ensuring technical accuracy and delivering of design projects satisfying time, quality and costs to the standards set by the engineering department. Liaise with C & I, safety and analysis personnel to optimise solutions. Ensuring allocated staff satisfy fully their accountabilities. If the position of Principal Mechanical Engineer (Nuclear) sounds like you, click the apply button