Title: Safety Case Engineers  Harwell
Webindex: 72441025
Company: Gold Group Ltd.
Description: Safety Case Engineers  Harwell A leader in the field of nuclear decommissioning is looking for experienced Nuclear Safety Case Engineers and Managers to join the Harwell or Winfrith office. The ideal candidate will have a solid safety case authoring background and a relevant degree. In return a good salary range is on offer, as well as the chance to hone your skillset with one of the best known names in the nuclear field. Responsibilities Safety Case Engineers are responsible for producing safety case documentation. Safety Case Project Managers are, in addition, responsible for managing the production of safety cases, programme management, developing and advising on standards and methods, coordinating safety case engineering support and managing staff, contractors and the overall safety case budget and stakeholder interaction. Essential Aptitudes and Experience Qualification to first degree level, or equivalent skills and knowledge, in an engineering, science or mathematics discipline Significant recent and relevant experience of producing modern standards safety cases Excellent interpersonal, and written and oral communication and negotiation skills A sound knowledge of safety regulations, particularly in relation to the Nuclear Site Licence Safety Case Project Managers will also have broad experience in the management and delivery of modern standards safety cases to programme, quality and budget. If this opportunity is of interest or to hear about similar vacancies in the nuclear field, please apply today. This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK's leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we've got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SafetyCaseEngineersHarwell_job****