Title: Maintenance Supervisor 2550MMCH
Webindex: 68711402
Company: Pioneer Selection
Description: Overview: This innovative packaging manufacturer is currently recruiting for a Maintenance Supervisor to join their manufacturing facility in Buckinghamshire. Offering a stable yet rewarding career this is an excellent opportunity to join an expanding business. The Company: From their state of the art manufacturing site this company produce a wide array of packaging materials which are predominantly used within the food and beverage industry. They have won many awards for their pioneering innovations and varied designs which not only preserve the client’s products but also represent the companies brand image. Due to this reputation the company is constantly flooded with orders which has seen their turnover double over recent years and is high in the millions. The Role of a Maintenance Supervisor: As a maintenance Supervisor you would be responsible for **** engineers and ensuring that maintenance is carried out so that the plant is kept running. Due to the new installations there will be a lot of project work you could get involved with in order to get the equipment running and to iron out any kinks. You would also be challenging your mechanical skills whilst diagnosing and rectifying any faults. Key Skills: This position requires the candidate to be mechanically biased so the successful applicant would have needed to have a vast amount of experience ideally in a fast moving manufacturing environment. You would have an understanding of lean techniques such as ****S, TPM and SMED and be able to lead and motivate a highly skilled team. Benefits: Excellent progression opportunities  Pension  Generous Holiday Allowance Salary: **** Candidates can live in / Commutable from: Bedford, Bedfordshire,Buckingham, Buckinghamshire, Letchworth, Hertfordshire Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a Team Leader, Shift Manager If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Alternatively for further details contact Clare Hartley on;  **** or Email: cvpioneerselection.co.uk Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion.However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MaintenanceSupervisor2550MMCH_job****