Title: Quantity Surveyor x****
Webindex: 71820454
Company: ATA Recruitment
Description: Quantity Surveyor  Rail Industry Location: Kent Salary: ****  **** per annum (dependant on experience) Status: Permanent Our Client is an ever expanding Main Rail Contractor who is seeking an experienced Quantity Surveyor to work on prestigious rail projects. You will be working on projects up to the value of 50m which will include; Earthworks, signalling, civils, Pway and Sidings. This is an exceptional opportunity, providing the successful candidate with an opportunity to seriously prove yourself in the Rail industry. Role Description: The successful candidate will report directly to the Commercial Manager. You will be involved commercial aspects of various rail projects including groundwork s, piling, enabling works and pway. Working on new and existing projects, the successful candidate will primarily deal with cost management. Potential opportunities will arise to develop client facing skills if the candidate requires. Responsibilities include; Dealing with internal Controls Managing revenue Cost control and management Cost reports Some subcontractor management Cost reconciliation Client relations Candidate Profile: The successful candidate will come from a rail background and will have had experience in multiple disciplines. Degree Qualification is desirable but not essential if experience compensates for this. Experience in initial project stages through to claims would be desirable. You will have experience on Network Rail Contracts, preferably Partnership Contracts. You will also be able to work under your own management and initiative. Essential: Strong Quantity Surveyor background Indepth knowledge of the cost management process Excellent written and communication skills. Significant Rail and Civil Engineering background. To Apply: If you are interested in applying for this or other roles through ATA, please forward your CV to or call **** You must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this role