Title: Estimator/ Estimating Engineer
Webindex: 67763101
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: **** Purpose To provide an estimating service to the Business Development team for Strategic bids in a timely manner. **** Specific Attributes Ideally an Engineering qualification equivalent to HNC or above High level of commercial acumen, with in depth knowledge of bid compilation, estimating procedures and standard cost modelling. Demonstrated strength in numerical and financial analysis. Extensive knowledge of the aerospace and manufacturing industries. In depth knowledge of various elements including raw materials, associated manufacturing processes for metallic details and assemblies, resources and productivity. Understanding of programme management and planning principles Experience in an estimating / business development discipline. Attention to detail and accurate in costing Self starter, with creative and can do attitude. Willingness to travel within the Company s sites and / or to visit the customer at short notice. ****Principal Accountabilities To oversee the preparation and compilation of estimates for new business in response to requests for proposals. The evaluation and analysis of customer datasets, specifications and condition of supply documentation in order to identify the need for raw material, bought out and sub contract requirements. To liaise with Engineering, Operations and Strategic Sourcing teams in order to prepare robust competitive proposals for customers. To assist in the development of best practice estimating practices. Liaison with machine tool manufacturers for opportunities requiring investment in new machinery as part of scoping non recurring elements of bids. Liaison with cutting tool manufacturers to ensure best practice methods and tooling are being utilised at all times. To present bids to customers / potential customers, explain costing principles and sell the organisation s capability and competitiveness. Handover of successful new work packages to the Operating Site s management team explaining bid assumptions and proposed manufacturing strategy. To review sales and estimating activities on a regular basis with the Business Development team. ****ey Performance Indicators Timely preparation of accurate estimates delivering competitive solutions to new and existing customers. Successful conversion ratio of bids to won orders in line with targets. Year on year improvement in relevant customer satisfaction ratings. View our latest jobs today at (url removed) and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment business with regards to this position