Title: Quality Conformance Engineer
Webindex: 58650299
Company: JOBG8
Description: Job Title: Quality Conformance Engineer Salary: ****  Pension  Healthcare Position Overview: My client is recruiting for a Quality Conformance Engineer to join one of the UK's most innovative Refrigeration and Industrial Wholesale operations. Reporting to the Managing Director the successful candidate will have auditing experience and knowledge of ISO9001 and Lean, Six Sigma processes. You will have a proven track record of problem solving and improvement of processes and the ability to communicate effectively. Ideally you will have an HNC/HND in mechanical electrical or electronics. You will be responsible for administrating the company's quality systems and continuing the regular process improvements to create a lean zero defect culture. Applicants must be able to lead by example with a natural ability to prioritise, organise and remain focused on delivering consistently to the company's longterm business plans but also their customer's daily expectations. Typical Duties Applicants should be able to demonstrate experience in the following areas:  To maintain all records required for BS EN ISO 9001:**** and ensure adherence to requirements including quality audits and meetings.  To manage efficiently with returned goods (CRRQ Process) and complaints, be able to perform basic tests on returned goods and to take appropriate action, either with the supplier or customer; to process claims against suppliers regarding substandard products and to keep accurate and clear records of returned goods actions and reasons for complaints/returns on their in house returns, drawing and customer records systems.  Maintain a good understanding of the legislation requirements including monitor supplier compliance with all specific industry standards for products sold by the group, offering standards from our library or information/liaison between engineers and appropriate agency.  To ensure you have a close and extensive working relationships with the sales office, order processing, warehouse, technical and accounts departments to ensure complete customer satisfaction and customer advice is maintained.  To liaise by phone and/or to visit customers and suppliers to ensure all targets of quality and service standards are met. This will involve visiting problem suppliers and carry out quality audits and if necessary carry out inspections related to specific problems. All visits will require a full report and recommendations for improvement actions.  Maintain local HSE requirements and administration. It is essential that applicants have excellent organisation and communication skills. Must drive.