Title: Seeker Systems Manager
Webindex: 68994947
Description: Seeker Systems Manager Role Purpose: To lead the team that provides the system design requirements and the trials/test team. Accountabilities Responsibilities Include:  Managing and executing tasks identified on the agreed programme of work, ensuring they are delivered within budget, to the required timescales and to the required standard.  Maintaining and complying with the System Engineering Management Plan (SEMP).  Managing the Seeker Systems Design Definition, Modelling, Trials and Analysis and Systems Studies.  Supporting the Chief Systems Engineer (CSE) and Chief Design Engineer (CDE) in Phase Reviews, Project Reviews and discussions with the customer/suppliers as requested by the CSE.  Understanding and agreeing the requirements of the Seeker and supporting technical discussions with the missile team.  Ensuring correct requirement flowdown or apportionment of seeker requirements to seeker subsystem requirements.  Maintenance of the Seeker Maturity Report.  Maintenance and execution of the Requirements Management Plan.  Supporting test and integration activities as identified in the Seeker Development plan.  Maintenance and execution of the Seeker Design Verification (DVP).  Promoting an integrated approach to design certification between seeker and missile teams, ensuring that the seeker CofD is reviewed and accepted by the missile team and that the evidence generated is sufficient for missile level proving requirements.  Supporting the CSE to ensure that synergies across all Brimstone projects are maximized to ensure best practice in modularity and reuse.  Lead and develop staff to ensure the accountabilities of the team are delivered and project tasks are resourced. Performance Indicators  Trials plans maintained and updated  Trials analysis reports developed and published after each trial campaign  Requirement Management plan updated  Requirement and Design Reviews supported  Compliance statement published in relation to requirements specification  Design Verification plan prepared  Study reports prepared and published Skills and Knowledge  Ability to provide managerial leadership to others  Excellent problem solving skills  Good planning and organizational skills  Project management expertise  Negotiating and influencing skills  Good communication skills  Updating and maintaining project plans  Milestone tracking  Studies to support functional development, flowdown and system verification  Model development and validation to support studies, software testing and performance statements  Management of the generation of the Certificates of Design  Design Proving and systems characterisation via trials.  Interface with the software team  Substantial knowledge of design process, requirements management (DOORS) and design verification  Good understanding of company policies and procedures Problem Solving Challenges  Adapting existing products to meet challenging new requirements  Environmental issues considered for both design requirements and system proving in order to ensure firing timescales are met  Algorithms developed to meet trials objectives  Skills deployed appropriately ensuring they are fully utilised and performing to required standards Economics  Responsible for project team of up to **** engineers. Task package manager.  The role is key to the successful development of a new capability for the existing Brimstone System and demonstrating this capability during firing trials. It is essential for the ongoing development of the export opportunities for the Brimstone family. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK and able to gain security clearance prior to the start date. Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.