Title: Site Electrical & process Control Engineer
Webindex: 69800602
Company: Blueprint Recruitment
Description: JOB PURPOSE Maintenance and continuous development of all sitewide Process Control and Instrumentation systems in line with current legislation and industry best practice Main Accountabilities Responsibilities  Ensure all instrument activities are carried out professionally and adhere to Health Safety guidelines at all times  Ensure instrument systems are ISO compliant and documentation is kept fully up to date  Ensure all test equipment is professionally calibrated, certified annually and documented  Drawing on technical expertise, recommend investment in hardware and process developments  Train and develop all Site E/I Technicians, specifically in identifying and removing skills gaps, technical and safety.  Motivate instrument staff to advance and improve installed systems  Assist in the planning of planned shuts  Provide technical advice and assistance during shut maintenance and breakdown situations  Supervise on site QCS/DCS contractors to maximise their performance Contribute to project work as required PERSON SPECProactive and improvement focused, the role holder must be a good communicator at all levels of the business and be committed to delivering a quality service to a wide range of customers. Capable of adopting a ‘bigger picture’ view, the role holder should be looking to make decisions that benefit the business in the longer term. Resilient and selfsufficient, the role holder must be able to work under production pressures and to prioritise his/her work successfully. The role holder must be able to undertake technical challenges confidently and to ensure that knowledge is shared across the engineering and technician population to the benefit of the business. Additionally the role holder must be able to manage people and to train and motivate apprentices onsite.  Prior supervisory experience  Understanding of relevant H S legislation and practice  Knowledge of relevant industry standards  Technical competence in DSC, QCS and instrumentation  Knowledge of instrument and process control systems  IT skills. Knowledge of Windows based systems and DCS.  HND level or equivalent in Instrumentation Process Control Please send CV to dventersblueprintrecruitment.co.uk PLEASE NOTE – send a word CV only. Due to the volume of response we are receiving to adverts we cannot guarantee that we will respond to your application This position may be one of numerous opportunities we are handling that you could have an interest in pursuing. If you have not been in touch with us before please call us on **** **** **** or email a CV to infoblueprintrecruitment.co.uk and we will make sure the most relevant consultant gets back to you as soon as possible. Please note that we never send CV’s anywhere without your prior consent. View all our jobs at www.blueprintrecruitment.co.uk Blueprint Recruitment Limited offers the services of an employment agency for permanent work and an employment business for temporary work. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SiteElectricalprocessControlEngineer_job****