Title: Product Test Engineer  West Midlands
Webindex: 65800932
Company: Additional Resources
Description: Product Test Engineer  West Midlands upto ****K West Midlands Job Purpose To deliver detailed and constructive evaluation and test reports on all new and returned Group products. Job Description Detail the key tasks of the role to include: Assist FMEA engineers to improve overall product quality and Monthly reporting (if applicable) Responsible for keeping department KPI’s up to date. Assist the product Marketing and NPD engineering team in development of new product and the improvement of existing product, whilst maintaining the approvals requirement. Be a part of various Product Management teams assisting the timely introduction of various new products. Produce detailed FAIR’s on all new products. Carry out prescribed tests on new and returned products. Produce detailed reports on all tests. Assist in developing the current testing facility to cope with the expanding needs of the business in order to test and maintain the level of quality currently held by products manufactured at the Group. Continually looking to improve internal processes and overall product quality Some UK and foreign travel may be required. Person Specification The successful candidate should possess the following skills and experience: Must have worked in a test environment. A distinct advantage will be given to those individuals who have worked in test environments involving electricity and water based products. An understanding of tap and shower functions, and the types of plumbing systems they may be used on is an advantage. Experience working in a test environment accredited to ISO 17025 a strong advantage but not essential. Competent in Microsoft Word and Excel. Excellent interpersonal skills to deal with both internal and external customer alike, as well as suppliers. Essential competencies Acts on own initiative and uses judgement to change relative priorities and resources as required Seeks assistance only when necessary Responds to general queries and resolves issues using procedures and own experience and knowledge Interprets client needs; responds to nonstandard client requests; takes advantage of potential opportunities Projects credibility Presents information in an appropriate style Additional Resources Ltd is an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses Regulations ****