Title: Safe System of Work Planner
Webindex: 71821581
Company: Coyle Personnel
Description: Role: Safe System of work Planner, responsible for planning safe systems for work that will take place on Network rail Controlled Infrastructure, on or near the line or on the lineside. An experienced Controller Of Site Safety with local knowledge of the location of the works. Accountabilities: Establish good working knowledge of the geographical railway infrastructure, for the area of project/works. Maintain a good understanding and working knowledge of Plan safe system of work in accordance with Produce Safe System of work plans Produce accurate Safe System of work plans for the type of work being undertaken Complete all required documentation accurately and on time. Brief COSS/Supervisor on Safe System of work plan. Ensure their understanding. Work with the Construction manager and planner to produce Safe System of work plans in a timely manner to achieve the project programme. Advise management of Safe System of work requirements. Field enquiries from site and advise accordingly. Work safely, as set out in the Rule Book Work closely with Line Safety Staff and Operatives. Assist in planning protection arrangements. Act professionally at all times. Always attend for work in a fit condition, fully rested and aware. Understand and comply with company procedures, systems and policies. Contribute to investigations as required. Promote company interests when dealing with external parties. Holder of a Core Planner level 2 qualification Trained and certificated as competent in Personal Track Safety Rules (PTS). Trained and certificated as competent As a Controller of Site Safety [COSS] as defined in the Network Rail GE/RT **** Series Rule Book). Medically fit to carry out work on Railtrack Controlled Infrastructure, preferably with previous experience of carrying out the duties of a COSS. Ability to read, write and speak good English and a good understanding of railway geography and working. Must have a good understanding of the Railtrack Rule Book and be able to interpret Sectional Appendices, Hazard Directory, and Environmental Assessments etc. Holder of a full British Driving Licence