Title: Infrastructure Engineer: Networking and Datacentre
Webindex: 72694225
Company: Interquest Group
Description: Infrastructure Engineer: Networking and Datacentre An opportunity has arisen within a major Government sector client for an Infrastructure Engineer. Based in Wiltshire, you will be involved in an exciting programme to massively expand the organisation’s user base. There are also a number of projects which will deliver new, hosted platforms for external customers. Role Responsibilities: •Working closely with the Infrastructure Manager, you will provide support for the LAN and WAN which is based on Cisco switches and routers, Checkpoint and Juniper firewalls and Juniper VPN devices •You will provide support for and maintenance and monitoring of the physical campus LAN and datacentre, including the GigaBIX crossconnection system, Cat **** and FC cabling, equipment installation, etc. •You will also provide adhoc support for other aspects of the Infrastructure as required Skills and Experience Required: •Significant hands on experience of LAN and WAN design, build, maintenance, monitoring and troubleshooting, specifically using Cisco, Checkpoint, and Juniper systems. •Experience of load balancers, certificates and other networking hardware and software. •Experience of equipment racking and cabling, and other datacentre build tasks, which must be completed neatly and to a high standard, along with connection to appropriate VLANs etc. •Understanding of and experience of working within a service based organisation •Understanding of ITIL methodology •Experience of working within an HMG protectively marked environment •Experience of HMG Standards (e.g. Security Policy Framework / MAN V / MAN T) Apply Now for Immediate Consideration. Sand Resources is an equal opportunity employer committed to a policy of treating all employees and job applicants equally. It is our aim to take all reasonable steps to employ and promote on the basis of ability and qualifications without regard to race, religion, colour, sex, age, national origin, disability or sexual orientation. Our recruitment takes place based only on skills and experience of the candidates. Sand Resources is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy.