Title: Mechanical Process Engineer
Webindex: 65577350
Company: KPJ Recruitment Ltd
Description: The Company My client is an internationally recognised, progressive market leader in the innovative design of materials handling systems and air pollution control systems for the power industry. The main engineering function is based in the Doncaster offices which as well as carrying out project management and engineering on projects typically valued between ****  20 million, also supports a number of Joint Venture companies and partners worldwide. The Company s main business is the design and supply of pneumatic ash handling and storage systems for coalfired power stations based around our own intellectual property and technologies within our established markets of UK, Europe and China and our emerging markets in the USA, Russia and Australia. Other specialist pneumatic conveying and mechanical handling solutions are provided for fluidised bed combustors, gasifiers and flue gas desulphurisation plant, and electrostatic precipitators, fabric filters and gas scrubbing systems are provided to all industries. The Person The applicant will possess an Engineering Degree and ideally have 5 years work experience. Procedures/process erience is essential. The Position To carry out all or part the Process Engineer s role as described below for selected Projects, working under the direction of the Process s specified engineering and contractual requirements are interpreted fully and correctly. KEY OBJECTIVES ****) To verify the overall Project process against Customer specifications, producing all necessary process calculations and supporting documentation, and clarifying all process issues with both Customers Process Flow Diagram(s) Piping Functional Design Specification Logic Diagrams Equipment Technical Specifications ****) To provide technical assessment, evaluation and support to Supply Chain in discussions with potential equipment and system suppliers. ****) To attend Customer meetings, taking a leading active role in discussions relating to the design process when required. 5) To actively participate in HAZOP studies when required. ****) To attend the Logic Control System Factory Acceptance Test(s) as required to ensure that the vendor s system meets the intended process control requirements for the project. ****) To manage the process work through the Project Document Progress Plan (DPP) on a weekly basis, maintaining consistent forecasts of all outstanding work required and the time necessary to complete this, with all Project work being timebooked within the cost recovery system. ****) To assist with the maintenance and implementation of the Company s Process Engineering Standards as directed by Engineering Management, and to share good practice with colleagues. This will include an element of international travel as required