Title: Electronics Engineering Manager
Webindex: 68017171
Description: Electronics Engineering Manager Location: South West Salary: ****  ****  Benefits TXM are working with a leading, global manufacturer of Rail Systems who are looking to bring on an Electronics Engineering Manager to be responsible for the Engineering team responsible for new product design, software configuration, product support, delivering automotive test equipment and supporting the business for all related Electrical and Electronics issues. We are looking for a manager with strong negotiation and problemsolving skills to ensure the daily operation of the Industrial Electronics Engineering Department. The successful candidate will be from a heavy engineering background and who is actively working or has the ability to design embedded control systems and microprocessors (or similar systems). With a strong customer focus, you will be responsible for delivering projects within budget and regularly liaising with customers to ensure they are fully informed of project progress. Key Responsibilities  Manage and inspire a strong team engineers to ensure the delivery of major projects as well as looking at ways to improve current processes and procedures within the business.  To ensure that the department is focused on delivering projects to budget and maintaining a strong focus on cost reduction where possible.  To be actively involved in the design, manufacture, testing and servicing of various electrical systems including; Microprocessors, Embedded Software, Analogue and Digital systems down to individual component level.  To ensure that the products are manufactured up to the highest quality and that all safety regulations are met across the department.  Manage the inception of new products and ensure that standards are met from design to product development.  Be able to offer expertise on how the design process can effect the manufacturing process, making sure that costs throughout the life cycle as well as compliance are adhered to. Educational Requirements  Degree in Electronics Engineering  To hold a working knowledge of C / C++  Knowledge of Serial communications, CAN Bus, etc. Google: Rail Jobs TXM Recruit TXM Recruit is an equal opportunities employer. If you have any specific requirements or require assistance or reasonable adjustments to be made for you during the selection process due to disability or longterm health condition, we will do our best to assist you