Title: Fitter Mechanics
Webindex: 69081294
Company: Force Select
Description: Title: Skilled Fitter (nights) Location: Lawrence Hill, Bristol Reporting to: Depot Manager The Company: Running one of the largest fleets of vehicles within the UK, our client is undergoing a major restructuring operation. They are looking to expand their engineering capabilities across the business and are now looking to take on former service personnel to expand their professional engineering base. An extremely proForces business, they boast several former REME soldiers in management positions. As a business, they are constantly pushing for improvements and to be able to provide topnotch customer service in terms of transport provision and safety. The Role: If you are an experienced fitter mechanic with experience of working on LGV / PCV frames then you re in the right place The role works nights and commands a higher uplift on pay to reflect this. Your focus will be on timely maintenance of transport vehicles in busy depots across the UK, working within a workshop environment. You should be familiar with all necessary safehandling and maintenance procedures and be capable of working as part of a team. Duties include the diagnosing of faults and undertaking all necessary repairs to ensure maximum vehicle safety and usability. You will also need to liaise with Operational staff to ensure awareness of any issues with vehicles during operating hours. You will also be responsible for regular inspections of vehicles, servicing and parts replacement where necessary. To ensure bestpractice, you will be responsible for recording all data and ensuring a chain of accountability. The Candidate: The business is keen to take on former service personnel with a mechanical background: Former REME, RAF technicians or Royal Navy ship maintenance specialists. You will need to be a qualified mechanic. Due to the nature of the vehicles being worked on and the fastpaced nature of the depot, you will need to be qualified to drive LGV or PCV, to be able to move them in and out of the maintenance area. The Offer: The role offers a basic salary of between **** ****k and also has a 40% uplift on night shifts and options available for lates and earlies. Due to the expanding nature of the business and their UKwide presence, there is real potential for promotion. The Forcesfriendly attitude of the business and their trackrecord of promoting those who deliver make this an excellent first step for any transitioning mechanics who want to move into civvie street