Title: IT Service Delivery Lead
Webindex: 71821283
Company: Genesis Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Reporting to the Senior IT Manager, you will be responsible for planning, directing, coordinating Best Practice methodologies & ensure implementation of research recommendations as approved by the Senior IT Manager. Lead the IS/IT Service Delivery Team to ensure the efficient and effective provision of services to all users of IS/IT services. Responsible for direct people management of Service Delivery team. Managing IT project requests, assigning and coordinating IT resources to projects based on prioritisation and communicating timelines to key stakeholders. Providing guidance and support with prioritisation of work, problem resolution and technical design requirements. Responsible for Service Delivery budget and spend monitoring to ensure that the financial & business value targets are met. This includes management of invoices, reviewing and reporting financial actuals. Responsible for researching and evaluating new technologies and recommending their adoption by the business to the Senior IT Manager and the business where applicable and appropriate. Lead the change agenda for the delivery of information systems and technology services, ensuring improved and effective service delivery outcomes, based on effective working relationships with the Senior IT Manager, business relationship, infrastructure and global IS/IT teams. Asset Management  development and maintenance of policies, standards, processes, systems and measurements that enable the organisation to manage the IS/IT Asset Portfolio with respect to risk, cost, control, IT Governance, compliance and business performance objectives as established by the business. Incident Management  to restore normal service operation as quickly as possible and to minimise the impact on business operations, thus ensuring that the best possible levels of service quality and availability are maintained. This may involve escalation to the Global IS/IT team for resolution. Perform Root Cause Analysis (RCA) and implement corrective actions for all incidents which cause disruption to normal service. Ensure the services are robust and secure and that supplier performance is monitored. Manage vendor relationships including contract management & negotiations. Ensure activities meet with and integrate with organisational requirements for SOX (Sarbanes Oxley) & Company global IS/IT policies & procedures. Company Service Manager queue management. Ensure that major change programmes are led and supported by effective and dynamic project management processes ensuring existing services are maintained whilst change is implemented. Ensure that colleagues, customers and stakeholders have a clear view of progress, issues, risks and interdependencies relating to operational plans, initiatives and projects. Demonstrate strong and positive leadership to all team members within the IT team. Planned Changes: outofhours support. Emergency Outages / Changes: outofhours response and support. Requirements: Willingness and ability to travel up to ****  30% of the time depending on assigned business initiatives Degree in Information Systems Technology, Computer Science, MIS, equivalent experience if nondegree. Minimum 68 years IT leadership / supervisory experience. Knowledge of and experience with: PC Hardware/Software, LANS/WANS, MS Windows, Server environment, MS Exchange, backup systems, network/workstation peripherals, print servers, firewalls, spam & antivirus software etc. SOX / ITIL background preferred. Firm understanding of the Construction Segment or heavy manufacturing industry. Proven ability to develop and lead strategic initiatives to drive delivery and cost improvements. Experienced in leading large complex assignments that consistently achieve or surpass customer expectations. Demonstrated Business Process Flows experience required. This vacancy is only available to Candidates with relevant experience as detailed in the job description. Due to volume of applications, we are unable to respond to applicants who do not possess the required skills and experience. Recent Graduates who do not have the required level of industry experience need not apply