Title: Principal Lead Buyer IT Categories
Webindex: 69598199
Company: Hays
Description: Principal Lead Buyer  IT Categories Hertfordshire Paying **** **** Opportunity for an experienced IT Category buyer, experience within outsourcing and software is desirable as taking responsibility for UK IM outsourcing services and Software procurement and contract management, at the best possible price, delivery and quality with the purpose of optimizing operational service and contributing to company savings targets. Working with Group Commodity Managers from other countries to deliver coordinated European procurement services To participate and contribute in a multifunctional team to develop and implement UK sourcing and management strategies To support the development of a sourcing strategy through a multifunction team which applies competitive methodologies to drive down prices to achieve and preferably exceed preagreed targets, whilst introducing a strong set of terms and conditions with the suppliers. Negotiate, draft and review contracts for goods/services within assigned categories, (for approval with the Group Commodity Manager and by the procurement processes) to maximize cost reduction, timely delivery and consistent quality of products/services by agreement of a comprehensive set of terms and conditions Responsible for redrafting or initial coordination of service / goods technical specifications for use in competitions Manage contracts resulting from competitions, valued between ****k and ****m. This involves relationship management skills, leading and influencing key stakeholders, and commercial acumen. Support the development of and then implement and refine procurement strategies that result in increased value, cost reduction and continuous improvement for IT Software and Services spend. Manage and improve supplier performance including reviews with suppliers. Implement appropriate supplier management processes to drive selected suppliers within assigned categories towards world class performance. Serve as focal point for the supplier relationship. Deliver briefs, updates and reports for senior management reviews within an international environment. Support commodities team in relation to purchasing queries in respect to commodity Other duties as assigned by the Group Commodity Manager or proximity manager Key Skills Professional accreditation an advantage. (Ideally degree calibre in IT, Business Studies or Procurement and MCIPS Qualified (or working towards).) Ability to identify and implement negotiation strategies through a multifunction team Excellent supplier management skills Able to work within a demanding and changing environment. Must be flexible and adaptable to new processes, quick changes, new functions, organizations, personnel. Must have the ability to make decisions independently and knowledge of when to escalate issues. Excellent negotiation/influencing skills essential Project and risk management experience In depth knowledge of the commodity and of cost makeup and pricing. French/Italian language skills would be an advantage but not essential. Hays EA is a trading division of Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited and acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PrincipalLeadBuyerITCategories_job****