Title: Quality, Environment, Health and Safety Manager  NEBOSH, HACCP
Webindex: 66928861
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Quality, Environment, Health and Safety Manager  NEBOSH, HACCP Nottingham, Nottinghamshire ****  **** Plus Pension, Healthcare, Profit Related Pay Our client supplies pub breweries, micro breweries, regional breweries, family brewers and macro breweries in the UK and worldwide, as well as multinational breweries both for the UK and export. They are unique onestop shop for the commercial brewing and food industry. An opportunity now has arisen for a Quality, Environment, Health and Safety Manager to join their team. This is the ideal role for a NEBOSH and HACCP certified quality, environment or health and safety professional looking to join a highly accredited company and play a key role in their success story. As a Quality, Environment, Health and Safety Manager, you ll be responsible for supporting our client s Directors in delivering agreed strategies and compliance, leading and developing the site ISO 9000, ISO 17025 and HACCP accreditations. You will also ensure the site operates in line with specifications, codes of practice and standards. Working as a part of the site management team, you will ascertain the manufactured products are in line with the company and customer specifications whilst meeting health and safety requirements. With your expertise, you will also lead, manage, coach and develop individuals, and participate in group QEHS activities in order to maintain all site accreditations and certifications. In this key role, you will ensure that all quality and health safety problems are recorded and corrective actions are taken whilst maintaining customer confidence and investigating customer complaints. Your other duties will include:  Driving site waste and energy management strategy  Developing and implementing site training in relation to quality, safety environment  Overseeing company policies and statutory regulations for safety health and welfare to provide a safe work environment  Building effective partnerships with suppliers, regulatory bodies and government agencies  Updating managers on REACH and BPD developments To be considered, you must have:  Previous experience in a Quality, Environment or Health and Safety role  A NEBOSH certificate or diploma  A HACCP qualification As a Quality, Environment, Health and Safety Manager, you must have excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Ambitious, driven, focused, and self aware, you will constantly change, adapt and push forward standards and expectations. Although not essential, experience in the manufacturing sector would be beneficial to your application. To apply for the role of Quality, Environment, Health and Safety Manager, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Quality, Environment, Health and Safety Manager, QA Manager, Assistant Quality Manager, Health Safety Manager, HSE Manager, Quality Manager, Health, Safety Environmental Manager, Environmental Safety Manager.