Title: Mobile Electro Service Engineer  Medical Laser Equipment
Webindex: 69560000
Company: Carpet Roles UK
Description: Carpet Roles are working in Conjunction with their colleagues at Kwik Staff to assist a Market Leading Surgical Laser Equipment Company with their search for a Mobile Electrical Service Engineer to cover the Midlands and wider area of the UK. The role will involve travelling around the region calling upon client premises to deliver, install and train staff on the operation of the equipment as well as calling for regular service and maintenance checks and occasional repairs of the machinery. The Duties will include: Responsible for calibration and programming of equipment for the operators / Surgeons. Provide routine preventative maintenance and repairs on the laser system to maximize usage and minimize downtime. Ability to troubleshoot, remove and replace components of the laser and calibrate to specifications. Adherence to company standard operating procedures that meet / exceed standard of care. Ability to complete Annual and SemiAnnual Preventative Maintenance checks and services on all assigned equipment. Understands and completes weekly call log for assigned work. Other duties as required. Position requires Full Driving Licence. Ideally with a background in a similar Industry you will have Proven ability to successfully troubleshoot and repair laser systems / Similar equipment. Proficiency with basic electronics and associated test equipment. Excellent interpersonal, communication and customer service skills are necessary. Candidates should be highly organized, and possess good computer skills. Able to work in a team environment. Able to work a varied work schedule and travel. Ability to occasionally lift **** lbs and stand for extended periods of time. A safe previous driving record and ability to pass company administered road test. You will be an ambassador for the company and work closely with the area sales team so strong interpersonal skills are required. There will be lots of support given to the successful candidate along with extensive and specific product training. Experience of working with Surgical (mainly for the cosmetic Industry) Lasers would be an advantage though as this is new technology the company are prepared to train someone with the right aptitude and attitude. A Background in Copier or similar Engineering would be the type of person the company would be interested in meeting though experience of electronics / electro mech engineering would be expected in some capacity. The company offer a negotiable basic salary in the region of ****k to ****k as well as a company vehicle (Van) and the opportunity to train extensively (including trips abroad) in this highly successful and profitable business sector. For immediate consideration for this role please forward your CV today or call Justin Kelly for a confidential discussion on (Apply online only)