Title: Shift Production Engineer (manufacturing)
Webindex: 71679742
Company: HR GO Recruitment
Description: Excellent opportunity for a Time Served Production Engineer to join this large Global American Business. The role is that of Shift Production Engineer, Initially the shifts are as follows: Alternating weekends; Shift **** (**** hours per week)  Friday 10.30 pm to 6.00 am, Saturday 6.00 pm to 6.00 am, Sunday 6.00 pm to 6.00 am Shift **** (24 hours per week) Saturday 6.00 am to 6.00 pm Sunday 6.00 am to 6.00 pm A competitive salary and benefits package with an increased in salary at certain trigger points are on offer for this role. A great opportunity for someone looking to demonstrate their experience with long term opportunites to move into other week days shifts in time. The ideal candidate will be A Time served apprenticeship with recognised engineering qualification Able to work from drawings, manuals and technical documents 35 years experience in FMCG, Preferably packaging Confident communicator both written and verbally Proactive approach to new methods and adaptable to change. Ability to analysis problems and take corrective action. Understanding of pneumatics and hydraulics. Duties include: To manufacture to achieve 100% customer attainment Ensure efficient running of line and equipment. Reducing downtime as and when arises. Identify and resolving problem areas affecting performance. Inform Team Coordinators of issues and possible actions. Work as part of the team structure supporting team members in their activity when required to achieve team tasks. Minimise work order spoilage. Identifying and resolving any issues as they arise. Informing Team Coordinators of issues and possible actions were unable to resolve. Carry out required maintenance activities as and when required. Using your skills to resolve breakdowns and carry out improvement tasks/projects as required. Involvement in training activates to improve own effectiveness as well as training others. Maintain excellent housekeeping standards Assist with the running and problem solving for the rest of the production line. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ShiftProductionEngineermanufacturing_job****