Title: Quality Engineer – NDE – NDT – Welding Inspection
Webindex: 72442060
Company: AES TECHNICAL & EXECUTIVE CONSULTANTS
Description: Quality Engineer – NDE – NDT – Welding Inspection West Sussex 35,000 My client is the UK arm of a Worldwide Group specialising in Engineering and Energy Services. This enables them to retain their independence yet enjoy strong financial backing. Specialising in the Design, Supply and Construction of Fired Heaters and Waste Heat Recovery Units for the Oil, Gas, Energy and Petrochemical industries. Over the past 15 years my client has earnt their reputation for delivering quality of product and customer service. Would you like to work for a business that offers real variety in projects to work on in an industry that is growing while enjoying strong financial backing? We are looking to recruit a Quality Engineer to work closely with the Projects and Process Design Departments. As Quality Engineer working with these departments you will be responsible implementation, maintaining and auditing the quality systems for materials, welding and testing for:  Weld procedures  NDE procedures  Pressure testing  Heat treatment procedures Essentially we are looking for someone with a proven ability in a Quality department in either a Technical or Engineering environment who is happy to occasionally travel nationally and internationally in order to visit client sites. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a Group that is really expanding in to their industry and to work in an absolutely beautiful part of the country with the lifestyle opportunities of being close to Brighton Hove, Lewes and Hayward’s Heath with easy links to the A**** A**** and M23. Please apply with your current CV (quoting your salary and job reference number 112013) to nik.wallaesco.co.uk Important  Certain ISPs (Hotmail is the worst) will block business users and treat them as junk/spam. To guarantee you get a reply from AES and to ensure we can contact you in the future for interviews, new vacancies etc, you will need to make AES a safe sender. Go to your privacy settings, chose safe or blocked senders (all ISPs are different) and select 'allow 'aesco.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QualityEngineerNDENDTWeldingInspection_job****