Title: Power Electronics Engineer
Webindex: 68568152
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Power Electronics Engineer/Electronics Engineer/Electrical Engineer Salary: Dependant on experience. The Company An opportunity has arisen to join a global leader in the design and manufacture of power conversion and control systems for a diverse range of industries worldwide. With a longstanding history and enviable reputation, the Electrical Engineer will be joining an organisation which is rapidly expanding, undertaking numerous projects and prides itself on delivering customer and employee satisfaction. The Role Working within the power systems team, the Power Electronics Engineer will be responsible for design and development of electrical power conversion and control products and low voltage subsystems for naval projects. Utilising simulation tools such as Matlab and Simulink, the power electronics engineer will provide high integrity power solutions including submarine power, naval propulsion and specialist industrial drive systems containing power dense static converters, rectifiers and motors operating within compact and harsh environments. The Power Electronics Engineer will liaise closely with other engineering departments to ensure that throughout the project life cycle all safety, legislation and customer requirements are adhered to. The Candidate You should hold be educated within an electrical or electronics engineering discipline. Ideally you will have experience of using Matlab or Simulink, but candidates with relevant experience who have other simulation tools will be considered. As a power electronics engineer, you should have an understanding of power electronics equipment such as IGBT (insulatedgate bipolar transistors), Controlled Transformer Rectifier Units (CTRU), solid state frequency convertors and rectifiers, variable speed drives, permanent magnet machines (PM machines), operating ****AC supplies, ****DC and switching in excess of 100amps. In return you will be offered a competitive package, working for a globally recognised company on a dynamic site. You will be involved in a diverse range of projects with the ability to develop and progress. Candidates with power electronics design experience in any industry will be considered. Candidates must be eligible for UK Security clearance. Commutable From: Birmingham, Stafford, Sutton Coldfield, Rugeley, Wolverhampton, Uttoxeter, Cannock, Lichfield, and Tamworth. Key terms: Design, Simulation, Power, Electronics, Matlab, Simulink, Power Conversion, Power Control