Title: Process/Project Engineer – Chemical/Pharmaceutical
Webindex: 72440912
Company: MTrec
Description: The Company Our client are a wellestablished manufacturing company based in the North East. They are highly stable and are currently experiencing rapid growth beyond all expectation. New product lines are being introduced and customer demand is at its highest level since the company formed. In response to this they are now looking for an experienced Engineer to join their organisation in a dual role, working on improving existing processes whilst also supporting new product introduction. The Role Review project designs and installations to ensure that they are in compliance with safety, health, and environmental legislation. Verify that installations comply with statutory requirements. Participate in safety and environmental reviews, Hazard Studies and COSHH assessments. Contribute to the development of Engineering Standards as required. Ensure that all project work is carried out in accordance with the requirements of the CDM regulations. Ensure that designs and installations comply with the requirements of cGMP and other appropriate quality standards. Identify user requirements and procedure process designs to satisfy them. Prepare commissioning procedures and coordinate the commissioning activities. Prepare relevant process engineering documents for projects. Develop process datasheets into full engineering specifications against which suppliers can tender. Optimise project costs by comparing tenders against price, delivery, quality, and functionality. Arrange the handover of installations in an organised fashion and rectify any defects identified during commissioning. Compile project documentation into a project file for handover to maintenance engineering. Manage any project contract effectively. Contribute realistic timescales and work components to project plans. Ensure successful delivery of engineering projects to agreed cost and timeframes. Produce budget cost estimates for feasibility studies. This is a day shift position, working ****:30am – ****:45pm Monday to Friday. The Person Honours degree in Chemical or Process Engineering. Experience within chemical or pharmaceutical manufacturing environment. Experience of process design is essential for the role. Knowledge of instrumentation. Experienced using CAD is useful for the role. Knowledge of ATEX and DSEAR is advantageous. Experience of using HAZOP technique. Must be able to prioritise a dynamic workload. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProcessProjectEngineerChemicalPharmaceutical_job****