Title: Embedded Software Group Leader
Webindex: 68806013
Company: Ceema Technology Recruitment Limited
Description: We are currently seeking an embedded software group leader for a leading defence giant. Role Title: Embedded Software Group Leader Reports to: Department Head Embedded Software UK Directorate: System Missile Design Role Purpose: To manage and lead significant packages of work, ensuring defined objectives are achieved whilst continually maintaining quality and high performance of staff within the Group. Accountabilities Project Business Delivery: Provide leadership, direction and decision making for the Embedded Software Group to enable effective business delivery. Lead, plan, manage, evaluate and report against the allocated Embedded Software Groups work programmes (eg. CAMM, ASRAAM project), analysing risk, to ensure that the Group delivers its accountabilities. Work with the overall software management team to develop and manage the cross functional interfaces and relationships with other stakeholder parts of the organisation (e.g. Plateau teams, Seekers) Plan, lead and control ongoing software engineering processes and activities to ensure delivery to the agreed business need. If you are a senior embedded software engineer or embedded software team leader then please apply. Skills and Knowledge Degree qualified (computing, software, maths or science related discipline) 5 years  software development experience Excellent communication skills: written, verbal and presentation Problem solving ability to seek alternative paths to achieve goals Commercial financial awareness Experienced and proficient in project management principles ability to manage conflicting priorities Managerial leadership capability performance management, objective setting, developing others. Understands implements engineering best practice and quality requirements processes People Management: Manage individual performance within the Software Group, including assessment, feedback, reward, dealing with poor performance etc Manage individual development within the Software Group, including understanding staff aspirations, motivations etc and seeking to enable them to achieve these aspirations. Ensure that the Groups size and capability mix is optimised for successful delivery of work packages and projects, and to enable the optimum availability of technical resources in assigned areas. Ensure that effective communication is maintained within Group to ensure that staff are appropriately informed. Oversee managerial administrative tasks for the Group, including time attendance etc If you are interested in the embedded software team lead role then please apply. Technical Leadership: Lead the development and maintenance of the allocated Embedded Software architecture, design, implementation and test for the group Supply technical understanding and support in areas of own expertise, promoting a culture of best practice sharing and knowledge exploitation, and contributing to relevant overall the companys engineering technical activities. Support decisions on use of methods and tools for the Group. Support investigations and decisions on technical issues arising during the software development within the Group. Propose, implement and control process improvements and product innovations to ensure continued competitiveness. Provide technical expertise support to function activities e.g. technical panels, SIGs, Applied Research Performance Indicators Project Business Delivery: