Title: Sales Manager Asset Optimisation
Webindex: 71369332
Company: Automation Experts
Description: Immediate Job Opportunity Sales Manager  Asset Optimisation Reference: SE1****66 Location: Leicestershire Salary: ****k  60k Experienced Sales Manager within Asses Optimisation now sought for a diversified global manufacturing and technology company. Offering a wide range of products and services in the industrial, commercial and consumer markets through Process Management, Industrial Automation, Network Power, Climate Technologies, and Commercial The ideal candidate will have a formal engineering qualification. The following is essential: Significant direct sales experience in the instrumentation and control sector; A demonstratable knowledge of solution selling; Experience in developing and growing a solution based sales territory. For further information please call Sarah Evans on **** **** (Apply online only) or (Apply online only). Alternatively, email a copy of your current CV quoting the above reference number. A full list of live vacancies can be found on our website (url removed) Looking for a job involved with maintenance, service or design for automated machinery, control systems, process control solutions or systems integration projects? Register your details on our website where you will find a full list of live positions where a customised automated search process allows immediate access to new vacancies as they are registered. Free, confidential service. All respondents to this position must be eligible to live and work in the UK  Automation Experts are unable to assist with the award of Visas or UK Work Permits. As a registered engineer, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme where you will receive **** tax free for every engineer we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Automation Experts offer recruitment services on a contract and permanent basis; We support many of the leading companies throughout the UK. For a confidential discussion with an experienced consultant, please do not hesitate to telephone (Apply online only)