Title: Senior Structures Associate
Webindex: 72440859
Company: Hays
Description: An award winning civil and structural engineering consultancy with 30 years industry experience is looking for a Senior Structures Associate to work within their operational team. The successful candidate will hold a Chartership status. The company cover numerous facets throughout the Civil Structural sector all of which are based around the production of specific design work. The successful candidate will be based in Forset Row, East Sussex in a vibrant and driven office. The role of Senior Structures Associate will work closely with the Technical Director and as such you will undertake design and consultancy work related to foundations and superstructures for all types and sizes of housing development, school buildings and commercial schemes. The client is looking for candidates who are seeking to go to the next level in an evolving business. You will be expected to have design experience involving regeneration, housing, education and commercial schemes through the various stages from feasibility to pre planning to detailed design and delivery. The successful candidate will also be expected to take the lead on business development, so experience of client liaison would be a strong advantage. Extensive experience in of project managing and designing new build and refurbishment affordable housing and private development residential schemes, and strong business acumen and aspiring to a Director's mentality is essential. You must be a multitasker, highly motivated with a strong will to succeed and IT literate. You will be a natural leader, have excellent communication skills, and will be comfortable taking on a role of responsibility. Knowledge and use of computer design applications of BIM would be an advantage, however a broad knowledge of AutoCAD and Revit is essential. This role is an excellent opportunity for a Senior Structures Associate to work on high profile projects on a permanent basis whilst progressing their career. The client is looking for candidates who are available immediately although they would be flexible depending on the candidate. Qualifications: Chartered Status Knowledge and Experience: Design experience involving regeneration, housing, education and commercial schemes through the various stages from feasibility to pre planning to detailed design and delivery. Knowledge of all build forms from RC to PT and all Contract forms. Client liaison experience. Any business development experience would be a strong advantage. Project management experience, taking a scheme from tender to completion, using all the facets required to ensure a portfolio of schemes are designed and delivered innovatively, cost effectively, on time and within budget. People management skills. Heading up a team you will be expected to proactively manage your people to ensure project delivery but also in the personal development and appraisal of those people. Experience in the use of AutoCAD and Revit. Any experience of BIM would be an advantage Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorStructuresAssociate_job****