Title: PRINCIPAL MECHANICAL ENGINEER  WATER INDUSTRY
Webindex: 72393368
Company: Jarvis King Associates Ltd
Description: Our client, a global leader in environmental engineering, has a requirement for an experienced Principal Mechanical Engineer to join their successful team in Longbridge. You will be required to liaise with Clients and Contractors to identify opportunities and develop business relationships. Responsible for the Mechanical input into asset surveys and plant condition assessments, feasibility studies, optioneering, whole life costing and conceptual design Responsible for detailed design, value engineering, specification and selection of process equipment, tender assessments, reports and recommendations. You will be required to produce project documentation including engineering specifications, data sheets, layout drawings etc. Also mechanical specifications and deliverables for schemes in accordance with current legislation and standards for the scheme requirements. Liaise with Subcontractors and deal with technical queries and undertake site testing and commissioning Use appropriate software to provide advice, solutions and successful project outcomes for clients. Plan, programme, coordinate and write reports for specific projects. The successful candidate must be degree qualified (or equivalent) in Mechanical Engineering or other relevant subject and preferably chartered and a member of a relevant engineering institution. Experience in water industry and preferably previous experience in mechanical design of water / wastewater treatment plants and water / wastewater networks. Strong Business Development skills to include an understanding of market demand along with good Project Management skills. Knowledge and skills in the in the planning, specification, design procurement and commissioning of mechanical equipment for projects in the water, or process industries is desired. Possess sound knowledge of current legislation and able to work in accordance with QA and H&S procedures and experienced in the management of staff and staff development. Our client recognises career progression through many different and diverse routes and backgrounds. They also recognise that focusing on a technical discipline as your chosen career should not be a limitation to your own progression within an organisation. All of their employees are able to specialise in their chosen discipline whilst still achieving director level. A very competitive salary is on offer along with an excellent benefits package.