Title: Drawing Office Manager, Design Office Manager
Webindex: 68844996
Company: PDQ Engineering Recruitment Ltd
Description: Job title  Drawing Office Manager,Design Office Manager, Location  Guildford (area) Salary  ****k Hello I am currently recruiting for a Drawing Office/Design Office manager on behalf of a company based in the Guildford area. Company employs around **** people and are in a growth stage, you would be leading approximately **** other engineers and are involved in high precision products systems based design work servicing a multitude of different industry sectors. Please read the full job details below and if interested, then please reply with a current CV OR call Jamie  PDQ on **** **** Relocation would be offered for this role if required. Job Title: Drawing Office Manager, Design Manager To lead the Design and Development team based near Guildford. The Design Manager is also part of the Company Senior Management Team, which is regularly consulted on broader Company issues. Reporting to: Design and Development Director Role Summary: All of companies world leading and patented products are created and prototyped within state of the art design facility using a suite of advanced design, development and prototyping tools, including inhouse Rapid Prototyping and a very wellequipped tool room. Reporting to the Design and Development Director, the Design Manager is responsible for all **** staff within the design team. Within this role the Design Manager will oversee and support all technical aspects of the Company s current products and new products in development. The key functions of this role are:  Management and motivation of a design and project team with wide ranging experience and skills.  Maintenance of team enthusiasm levels, through sometimes lengthy design projects.  Encouragement of creativity and initiative from the team  Creation of design briefs and specifications.  Ensuring that design and development project schedules are met. Utilising the Design Projects Manager to agree and deliver design projects on time and on budget  To investigate new technologies and to incorporate them into products where appropriate.  To ensure that all designs are fit for purpose, and fit for production.  To act as a conduit for post launch product enhancements and subsequent product value engineering.  Managing external and contract industrial designers, toolmakers and subcontractors, on and offsite.  Chairing regular design reviews.  Maintaining and developing the ****D CAD infrastructure.  Managing Engineering change/concession and new product release.  Personnel management; career progression, appraisals, welfare etc. for the design team.  Maintenance of all design office systems for data, document and process control (including ISO9001). Required Knowledge, Skills, and Experience: As this role is one of technical leadership in addition to departmental management, the candidates will ideally have had experience in Company core technologies i.e. Product design around plastic injection mouldings, castings, precision machining and mechanical assemblies. Candidates will be dynamic, handson experienced designers with good management and communication skills, and be highly selfmotivated. Candidates must have a good formal engineering qualification and a number of year s experience in a similar Design Management role, or have demonstrable aptitudes in this area. Look forward to hearing from you