Title: PRODUCTION MANAGER  North Yorkshire
Webindex: 71675762
Company: Tribepost Ltd
Description: TribePost Ltd are working on behalf of Our client to fill this vacancy. Available vacancy: PRODUCTION MANAGER This position is based in: Skipton, North Yorkshire Salary: ****k  ****K basic  bonus PRODUCTION MANAGER Our client is a highly respected specialist in the design and manufacture of non ferrous and exotic alloy valves. The company runs two divisions: defence (Naval Marine) and commercial (Oil and Gas) markets. This is a significant role and reports to the Managing Director, leading a team of 35 employees including machinists, test/assembly operators, manufacturing engineer, planner and expediter spread over two local sites. Responsibilities include: • Preparation and monitoring of budgets • Development and direction of the production team to achieve the highest quality standards • Day to day management and planning of all operating processes • Health and Safety compliance throughout the department and the adherence to safety standards in the operating processes • Keep up to date with new developments; propose modifications to plant and equipment to ensure best use is made of technological change/development. • Close crossfunctional cooperation with Engineering, Design and Quality on NPI projects. We need this of you: • BSc Process Engineering or Manufacturing, or the equivalent experience • Successful track record as Production Manager within a precision assembly environment • Working knowledge of MRP production tools, ideally EFACS • Experience of managing an apprenticeship scheme and apprentices • NEBOSH qualification Rewards for the right person include the opportunity to work in a fastgrowing, happy company with significant UK and international clients, being a key contributor within the Executive Team and the satisfaction of being able to make a difference. Our client is committed to equal opportunities for all, regardless of gender, race, creed, sexual orientation, age or physical abilities. This vacancy is being advertised by TribePost Ltd. The services advertised by TribePost Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. This vacancy would be of interest to job seekers searching for the following vacancies: PRODUCTION MANAGER This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PRODUCTIONMANAGERNorthYorkshire_job****