Title: Fabric Technician/Handyman
Webindex: 72634194
Company: CBSbutler
Description: CBSbutler is recruiting for a Fabric Technician/Handyman to work for a leading Facilities Maintenance contract in the Worcestershire area. My client is looking for a Fabric Technician/Handyman with all round general maintenance experience to come on board and join his their team on a permanent basis on a static site. This role will be ideal for an experienced Fabric Technician or Handyman looking for a new opportunity that offers career progression. My client is looking to pay a **** ****k basic plus career progression. The role; To undertake the maintenance and repair of the Electrical and Mechanical service, including fabric tasks of buildings as required under contract. Main duties of the Fabric Technician/Handyman;  Carry out Planned Preventative Maintenance and complete the appropriate paperwork and reports.  Carry out Reactive and emergency breakdown tasks and complete the associated paperwork.  Be on a call out rota to provide the client with full out of hours cover.  Assist other team members when required or as directed from Supervisor / Contract Manager.  Ensure that all tasks are completed within the contractual time scales.  Proactively reduce energy consumption on site.  Supervision of visiting subcontractors with regards to standard of work and Health and Safety.  Adopt a flexible attitude in relation to assisting on other properties within the portfolio.  All duties carried out in accordance with company policies and procedures.  To understand and complete all work related documentation accurately and on time  To carry out work in a safe and diligent manner  To comply with all Health and Safety policies and procedures  To attend and fully participate in training and appraisal activities as required  To undertake additional duties in line with capabilities as required Key Skills and Experience of a Fabric Technician/Handyman:  Qualified to City CANDIDATES MUST BE BASED IN THE WORCESTER AREA CBSbutler is a multi award winning Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. CBSbutler is an equal opportunities employer