Title: Automation Trainer
Webindex: 69083685
Company: Matchtech Group Plc
Description: My European Client is looking for an Automation Trainer to join their team. This role will offer the opportunity to work both in the UK and Overseas. Trainer Training Centre Europe As a Trainer within the Training Centre Europe you work in an international team and conduct, develop, maintain, and improve training concepts and materials compliant with customer and Yokogawa Global training needs. Your focus is on Process Automation Systems, Process Measurement and Services training both national and international. As a trainer you work in a small team of professional fulltime trainers located at Yokogawa Training Centre Europe and the regional Training Centres in Europe and Africa. Job In line with our customer demands and Yokogawa product management; develop, update and maintain course material, hardware software and training documentation, for Local and Global use. Prepare and conduct Process Automation Systems, Process Measurement and Services training courses and workshops, both standard and customer specific. Support regional training centres with train the trainer programs, the roll out and use of standard course programs in line with our international training standards. Profile Technical education level: bachelor or master degree. Excellent knowledge on process automation systems. Proven didactical and communication skills. Wide experience in executing courses for customer process plant staff, operations, engineering and maintenance that want to be knowledge workers. Experienced in managing the courses flow and content. Understanding of one or more of the Centres of Excellences Oil and Gas, Batch Chemicals and Power Yokogawa is active in. We offer A resourceful, creative, internationallyoriented work environment. Innovative and advanced hightechnology products. Prominent global customers. Independence and considerable personal responsibility. A flat organisation with short lines of communication. A strategic, longterm business vision. A continuous process for learning, development and growth. A talented team of professional, highlymotivated colleagues. A pleasant, informal atmosphere; an excellent remuneration package. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy