Title: Mechanical Engineer / Technician
Webindex: 68807274
Company: Naked Recruitment
Description: Job Title  Mechanical Engineer / Technician Location  Manchester Salary  ****K Due to continued growth, this leading worldwide manufacturer of custom colour concentrates, is seeking a Mechanical Engineer / Technician to join the small team of technicians. The Mechanical Engineer / Technician role reports to the Engineering Team Leader who is leading the team to deliver a quality service to the Plant which is based on efficiency, value for money and safety. The Mechanical Engineer / Technician position is a key role. Therefore, your approach to work means that you will naturally aim to address any issues at root cause  so they do not surface again and you will take pride in maintaining a safe and reliable Plant for your colleagues. As the Company grows, so does the demand for consistently reliable and fully functioning equipment. The team are simultaneously striving for better solutions and maintaining the current plant. About The Mechanical Engineer / Technician Role The overall purpose of the Mechanical Engineer / Technician position is to carry out preventive maintenance tasks to ensure the highest levels of equipment availability and responding efficiently to any equipment breakdowns. This includes:  Attending and repairing plant breakdowns.  Carrying out preventive maintenance tasks.  Ensuring RCPS techniques are being used following all plant breakdowns.  Assisting with identification of OEE losses / breakdowns, thus establishing and closing out corrective action plans to improve efficiency.  Update PPM schedules where required.  Effectively maintain individual area of plant responsibility, to include shadow boards and spare parts availability.  Constant focus on continuous improvement across all areas of plant performance. Effective proving of equipment following all and any maintenance. Assist production teams to achieve the required levels of output. Adherence to Health and Safety Policy Qualifications and Skilled Experience Required To be successful in this role as a Mechanical Engineer / Technician, you will have proven experience of having worked in an Engineering environment as well as:  Apprenticeship, Time served Mechanical Engineer / Technician or equivalent.  ONC/HNC or a recognised craft or Mechanical qualification i.e. C G/B Tech or equivalent  Understanding of FMEA and condition monitoring Lean knowledge i.e. Kanban, SMED .TPM  Competent welder with a sound knowledge of machining techniques including turning, milling and grinding.  An understanding of Total Preventative Maintenance techniques and knowledge of PPM systems.  Literate, numerate. Computer literate (Word, Excel and PowerPoint) About You  You will be able to prioritise, work under pressure as well as use your own initiative.  You will have strong interpersonal skills.  You will have a real can do attitude. Does this Mechanical Engineer / Technician role sound like you? Please send your details immediately so we can review your CV for interviews with this great company who are ready and able to hire immediately.