Title: UPS Field Service Engineer UK Wide
Webindex: 69538560
Company: The Hammond Recruitment Group
Description: UPS Field Service Engineer  UK Wide Salary: Up to ****k basic vw caddy van, laptop, blackberry. On call one week in **** With overtime Company Profile Our client is a well established UPS company who provide both sales and service of Uninterruptible Power Supplies ****0VA to 6MVA. They carry out their own UPS installation, commissioning, maintenance, fault finding and repair. Some of their key client base includes hospitals, factories, offices and railway and underground stations. Job Description Due to increased orders, they are now looking for field Service Engineers. You will spend your time travelling throughout your respective areas, either on your own or with another member of the team visiting client premises. This may be for installation, commissioning service or repair. This will also involve overnight stays, which will be organised and paid for by the company. You will be required to be flexible with your working hours, with many evenings and some weekend work (typically 2 weekends in ****) required. Skills & Qualifications required HNC/HND in Electrical or Electronic Engineering. Field service engineer background, well used to multi repair days Previous experience with UPS systems, both single and three phase. Knowledge of inverters, converters, switchgear and rectifiers would be highly desirable For further vacancies please visit our website. Hammondrecruitment or contact me on andy(at)(url removed) If you believe you have the right experience and qualifications please forward your CV If this position is NOT right for you, still forward your CV as a separate application. We specialise in many industries and have a number of other positions that maybe more suitable for your background. All communication will be treated confidentiality. Ups, uninterruptable power supplies, engineer, fitter, installation, electrician, service, repair, maintenance, Nottingham, east midlands, batteries, hv, lv, switchgear, portable power, static power, server rooms, Hammond Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy