Title: AUTOMOTIVE VEHICLE TECHNICIAN, HERTFORDSHIRE
Webindex: 72442078
Company: Hot Recruitment
Description: Automotive Vehicle Technician, Hertfordshire. Our client sells and services some of the most prestigious vehicle brands in the world and an exciting opportunity has arisen for a fully skilled Automotive Vehicle Technician to service and maintain quality vehicles at this busy Land Rover dealership in Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire. THE ROLE  Perform all work assigned quickly, economically and to Company and Manufacturer’s standards.  Advise the Line Manager if additional work is required on a vehicle and seek his assistance and authority in the rectification of faults.  Supervise and assist with the training of any apprentice when requested by Senior Technician or Service Executive.  Maintain a high level of competence for the work to be undertaken by undergoing onsite training, attending courses at suppliers and manufacturers and reading technical bulletins as required.  Discuss with customers, problems with the vehicle as requested (Total Involvement)  Ensure the Company image of professionalism and quality of service is maintained when dealing with customers.  Operate equipment and carry out all duties in a safe manner.  Maintain equipment, protective clothing and work areas in a clean, tidy and safe condition.  Assist management with the introduction of new methods of work designed to improve efficiency.  Carry out any other duties as required. THE PERSON As an Automotive Vehicle Technician, the person appointed will:  Have the ability to work efficiently and safely to produce work of the highest standard  Have a good level of post apprenticeship experience  Display a flexible attitude and possess a GSoH  Portray a smart and professional image  Be able to comply with all company and manufacturer’s disciplines and procedures HOURS Hours are 8.30am to 5.30pm Monday to Friday, but the company can be flexible if necessary. You will be working Saturday 8.30am to 12.30pm on a rota, which is normally one in seven. THE BENEFITS The position of Automotive Vehicle Technician offers excellent terms and benefits including:  A good basic salary of **** to **** per annum depending on experience  Bonus structure  Overtime  Generous holiday allowance  Pension and life assurance schemes  A Childcare Voucher Scheme is also in operation HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients’ business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Automotive Vehicle Technician will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK and a full valid UK Driving Licence. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Automotive, Technician, Mechanic, Motor, MOT, Service, Repair, Maintenance, Vehicles, This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AUTOMOTIVEVEHICLETECHNICIANHERTFORDSHIRE_job****