Title: Maintenance Engineer 2254M4EN
Webindex: 72242500
Company: Pioneer Selection
Description: Overview: This is a fantastic opportunity for multiple engineers to join this renowned business who supply and distribute a multitude of products.Due to the opening of the new site to support their market demand they have a need to build a forward thinking skilled engineering department to support their growth.This site will be installing new equipment and developing so this is a great opportunity for an engineer which is looking for a challenge in a thriving business. The Company: Established for over 20 years recent growth and investment has enabled this business to grow.They have double figure sites across the UK and international sites which support their operation and turnover.Due to the demand from customers they needed to invest in this massive site which is one of their main distribution sites.This has attracted further investment and interest from potential clients.They have invested in high tech equipment and look to further expand the business The Role of a Maintenance Engineer: The plan on this site is to have both electrical and mechanical engineers to cover the shifts, however ideally if they could recruit multi skilled engineers that have a capability to work in both areas this would beneficial.The role will involve working to **** phase level, working on motors and mechanically they have pneumatic equipment, and a vast number of conveyors and automated equipment. Key Skills: The Company will look at either a mechanical, electrical or multi skilled background.However it is essential wherever the applicant’s skills are they can demonstrate a proven background in engineering and some form of qualification to support their experience. The ability to work in a fast passed environment with a variety of equipment will be essential. Benefits: OTE  pension  other benefits Salary: **** **** Commutable from: Luton, Bedfordshire, Watford, Welwyn garden City, Hertfordshire, Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a: Multi skilled engineer, Electrical engineer, mechanical engineer If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Alternatively for further details contact Emma Newbury on;  **** or Email: cvpioneerselection.co.uk Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MaintenanceEngineer2254M4EN_job****