Title: Software Engineer (C++/Real Time System Design)
Webindex: 70755018
Company: JAM Recruitment
Description: Company augmentation has made way for a Software Engineer to join a financially backed new Cambridge based hitechnology manufacturer. The company is in its early phase as has been up and running for just shy of **** years. It is a spinoff company from a Cambridge tycoon. Past spinoffs value are in excess of almost 2bn and this exciting new start up is all set and ready to add to that value. The company is definitely moving in the right direct, as well as multiple Software Engineers they are also on the lookout for Electronic Engineers. They are open to hear from juniors and highly skilled and experience engineer. From the off this company has all the making of being another Cambridge startup success story. The Role… The successful Software Engineer will join the small but dynamic team of highly skilled engineers. The team of **** is made up of Electronic and Software Engineers and as well as yourself will add value to the success and growth of the business. You'll be working on the companies stateoftheart core products. You'll be designing solutions for their realtime holographic sensors that is tried and tested by the military and is now being developed for commercial clients on a global scale. You… As the successful Software Engineer you'll have at least 3 years commercial experience. Have practical knowledge of Real Time system design, expert knowledge of C++ and have been involved in multiple software design life cycles. Matlab and Linux skills may also come in handy in your daily responsibilities however are not essential. As this company is a startup you may be required you work outside of your working hours but doing so will only help with your own career and the company development. Most who have worked at startups will agree they tend to be extremely exciting and the biggest benefit is you will grow with the business. They are also open to hear from highly passionate graduates but ideally want an engineer to come in and hit the ground running. Technical Skills C++ Real Time system design Full design life cycle experience Desirable Skills Linux Matlab Parallel processing and Graphic Processing A great opportunity for a Software Engineer to work in an exciting startup company that is financially backed and has all the makings to be a huge player in hitech sector. If you are interested in the position please forward your CV or call Terry on **** **** **** Interviews will be taking place throughout January and February so please apply as soon as possible. If this Software Engineer isn't of interest to yourself, but you know of someone who could be, JAM operates a referral scheme. You can earn yourself up to **** in vouchers for the successful placement of a candidate you give us. I recruit for Electronic and Software Engineers in East Midland and East Anglia from Junior/Entry level roles right up to Programme and Product manager level. If this role isn't ideal for you but you are interested in hearing about similar roles please forward me your CV and a covering letter of what you are looking for as I may have the right role in the pipe line. View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position.