Title: Mechanical Design Engineer  Solidworks
Webindex: 68218552
Company: Cubiq Recruitment
Description: Mechanical Design Engineer  Power ****  **** Staffordshire Permanent Cubiq Recruitment is supporting a major defence client in its search for a Mechanical Design Engineer. Reporting to the Technical Specialist / Engineering Manager, you will take responsibility for providing mechanical design expertise to support new business / product developments in the area of power systems, power converter and motors. This role may be delivered at an Engineer, Senior or Principal level within the Company dependant on your experience. Collaborating with cross functional teams you will provide mechanical design expertise in support of future business opportunities. This will include feasibility studies, technology developments, concept designs for new products and bids and proposals. You will also be required to provide guidance and support to other mechanical engineers within the engineering community and to contribute towards the development of engineering excellence within the business. This role will require regular interaction with suppliers and customers so strong communication are a must. Key responsibilities: Management of mechanical team Responsible for the structural and thermal performance of the product Management of the requirements Coordination of technical activities within the team Carrying out elements of the design according to strengths Contribute towards the engineering strategy of the business Guidance and support to other mechanical engineers Design review authority for mainstream projects Contribute to the development of engineering excellence within the business Personal attributes: Degree or higher in mechanical engineering or equivalent Skills and experience in the field of mechanical engineering Broad knowledge of all aspects of engineering (e.g. systems, electrical, electromechanical, etc) Appreciation of electrical aspects of cabinet design (e.g. EMC, stray fields, creepage and clearance, insulation systems, etc) Experience in manufacturing methods applicable to electronic cabinets; sheet metal fabrications, welding, machining, corrosion protection, etc Proficient in the use of ****D CAD. Solidworks is preferred but not essential Use of CFD/FEA tools for thermal analysis and structural analysis, fatigue life assessments Good knowledge of materials Good knowledge of best practice design lifecycle process; gated design phases, design reviews Good in front of customers; willing and able to make presentations This is an internationally recognised company and one of the largest defence / avionic companies in the UK with a number of on going high value development projects. They offer excellent career progression and the chance to work on the development of high profile, next generation defence and avionic products. For the chance to join this company please send your CV via the link provided and we will be in touch for a confidential discussion on how to proceed