Title: Electronics Design Engineer  Technical Lead
Webindex: 70762280
Company: Advantage Technical Resourcing
Description: Role Purpose: To lead the Design and Project Management activities for a small area of the Business or specific project subsystem/subassembly/Test system including the day to day control of assigned Electronics staff. (Note: The role is suitable for candidates who wish to take their first step into team leadership multidisciplinary teams (sometimes Multinational), including manufacturing and test, delivering tasks and equipment to demanding project timescales.) These designs are likely to have included a number of the following technologies: complex FPGA s (including embedded processors); microprocessors (ARM and PowerPC); power circuits (e.g. PSU s, actuators drives); high speed A/D and D/A conversion, Test System architecture design.Accountabilities: Propose, design, develop and manufacture applicable subsystem(s). Deliver the designs in accordance to specification, time and cost objectives. Develop and maintain the work plans and report progress as required. Load and manage relevant work into other Operations/T s and staff development activities achieved. Skills and Knowledge Significant and proven experience in similar roles, preferably in the defence industryCompletion of at least **** or **** major electronic circuit designs. Broad technical knowledge in more than one of the following domains: Subsystem/board electronic architecture definition from subsystem requirement inputsDesign of Xilinx FPGA devices (including SoC configurations). Design of Digital Electronics including Microprocessors (e.g Power PC, ARM) Design of Analogue Electronics (up to and including RF) Design of Power Electronics (e.g. PSU s Actuator drive circuitry)Test System architecture definition embracing Electronic, Mechanical and software disciplines Related competence in more than one of the following: The use of CAE Design tools (Xilinx EDK, ModelSim, Schematic Editors  Zuken preferred) ) Negotiation of subsystem requirements with the systems authority Writing Subsystem Requirement and associated documents Ability to provide succinct and accurate reports and presentationsUnderstanding and working with COTS based solutionsTest design and testability tools (e.g. Labview, TestWay and eXpress) The Company: Our client is a world leading, global missile systems company, delivering cuttingedge technologies to its multinational customer base. It operates in all of the major world markets and is the only company able to design and produce missiles and missile systems for army, navy and air forces. Their growing reputation for innovation and technical excellence owes much to their engineering facilities, rated amongst the most modern in the world. Our engineers relish the challenge of producing products to the highest performance specifications and with ability to survive the harshest environments required for the Land, Sea and Air services. Electronic Engineers meet these challenges head on. Designing electronics here is not just about a circuit schematic  our Engineers need to be world class They will have the knowledge, skills, capability and commitment to apply today s modern technologies to solve complex problems, that ensure the equipment can survive the toughest usage profiles that today s armed forces demand. Applicants will have a record of successfully negotiating requirements and using these to generate complex designs preferably in a defence environment. There may be a requirement for business travel on a regular basis depending on what project the successful candidate is allocated to. This travel may be within the UK and/or Europe. With over 40 years of specialist experience, Advantage Technical Resourcing is the recruiter of choice for IT and Engineering professionals across EMEA. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Please visit our website to find out more about us. Advantage Technical Resourcing: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work