Title: Completions Engineer
Webindex: 69069673
Company: Monarch
Description: Job Title: Completions Engineer Location: Aberdeen Salary: Negotiable Type: Staff Start Date: ASAP My client is looking for a completions engineer to participate in its challenging drilling programme. The successful applicant will be working within a team and participating in challenging and exciting HPHT work. One of the projects that you will be working on is the largest offshore HPHT development ever undertaken and contains the UK North Sea`s largest remaining discovered reserves. As the company is expanding its portfolio, there will also be opportunities to partake in other pioneering challenges. As a Completions Engineer you will be responsible for optimising well operations through effective completion planning and selection. You will be providing engineering back up during the operational phase to ensure that financial and timescale targets are satisfied. Your main activities will include performing completion engineering, preparing completion end of well reports and undertaking technical studies and applying technical skills and innovative thinking to obtain positive outcomes. You will also supervise small task forces as well as liaising closely with operations to support the implementation of engineering work plans and providing live completion engineering support to operations. Education and Experience Requirements  BSc or MSC or equivalent in appropriate engineering discipline  this can include Mechanical, Chemical, Offshore or Petroleum.  Significant years experience in Well Engineering.  Organisational skills.  Well developed knowledge of contractual/legal/terms and conditions/insurance issues.  Up to date certificates to go offshore.  North Sea experience  Right to work status in the EU This exciting and challenging position offers great career prospects within a well established global operator alongside an excellent remuneration package. If you feel you are the right candidate for this position, apply with an up to date CV.