Title: Maintenance Supervisor  Manufacturing
Webindex: 70607794
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment
Description: Maintenance Supervisor  Manufacturing Castleford, Wakefield, Pontefract, Normanton Maintenance Supervisor role on offer for an expanding food company working with state of the art equipment in a challenging role that will further develop your management skills. Are you a maintenance engineer with good mechanical and electrical skills and supervisory or management experience looking for a handson, supervisory position? This impressive company supplies a variety of food products into a nationwide supermarket chain. Having grown dramatically over the last few years they are continually investing into brand new equipment and improvements work. They now require a maintenance supervisor to work on a 4 on 2 off double days shift. In this role you will be overseeing a team of 56 multiskilled maintenance engineers to ensure optimum line efficiency and productivity. Based on the shop floor and working handson with engineers you will devise training, implement PPM systems and work closely with the Ops manager to prioritise breakdowns and reactive maintenance. The ideal person will be a multiskilled maintenance engineer who has moved into a management or supervisory role and enjoys the pressure of working in a high volume manufacturing environment where everything is time critical. As a growing company that is recognised as a world leader within their sector this represents an ideal time to join an organisation where your expertise will enable you to make a key impact in the business. The role: Handson, shop floor based Engineering Supervisor role Leading a team of 56 multiskilled maintenance engineers Develop the skill base of all maintenance engineers through relevant training Implementing the PPM system to achieve optimum productivity Working closely with Operations Manager to prioritise breakdowns and reactive maintenance Working towards health and safety standards, hygiene and continuous improvements culture Working a 4 on 2 off double days shift (7am  3pm, 3pm  11pm)  expected to stay 1 hour either side of the shift **** ****  **** ****  Pension  Healthcare plan  33 Days holiday total The person required:  Experience as a multiskilled maintenance engineer (working with hydraulics, pneumatics and three phase electrics)  Experience of supervising or managing a team of engineers.  Experience of working in a high volume, high pressure manufacturing environment  Enjoys being on the shop floor leading by example  Selfmotivated, exceptional standards (health and safety, hygiene) To apply for this role please contact Keelan on (Apply online only), send your CV or visit our website at (url removed) Maintenance, engineer, supervisor, manager, team leader, shift, mechanical, hydraulics, pneumatics, conveyors, three phase, high volume, food, FMCG, meat, ppm, breakdown, planned, reactive