Title: Multi Skilled Electrically Biased Supervisor
Webindex: 69687787
Company: SVC Consultancy Limited
Description: A growing FM company in Essex are looking for skilled engineers and Electrical/Engineering Supervisors to join their team in a permanent position. Yopu will be carrying out daily work but also organising a team of engineers and they would be directly reporting into you. Good management and people skilslk are required as it being organised and disciplined. You will be responsible for visiting sites to complete repairs and maintenance in various disciplines. You must be able to build good relationships with stores and clients and be able to complete paperwork/use online software (training given). You would be expected to respond promptly and positively to service requests from the helpdesk and undertake repairs as quickly and efficiently as possible. Prioritising maintenance and repair work to achieve agreed time scales and response times and in case of delays your team will be liaising with you and you may need to liaise with the Manager. As well as mainly electrical tasks such as lighting replacement, PAT testing etc you may also be needed for other general maintenance such as pest inspections, drainage, plumbing, fire inspections, decorating and other reasonable maintenance duties. Ideal candidates must be able to offer flexibility in their work in terms of hours and jobs undertaken, be flexible and to travel throughout an area and be physically fit. You will also be required to work on a rota shift for twentyfour/seven call out and to provide assistance out of your area if needed. Must be 16th ideally 17th edition qualified.  In return the company offer a good package including:  ****k p/a salary  Mobile Phone  iPad  Specialist tools  22 days holiday plus Statutory  Pension (as required by legislation) after 3 months successful service and probation  Uniform  Overtime  Company Van  Fuel Card Up to about **** hours of overtime may be expected with this role on a weekly basis so earning potential should be over ****K per annum. Hours of work will be 8.00am  5.00pm (with flexibility and overtime)