Title: Salesforce / Forcecom Functional Consultant
Webindex: 68805202
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction We are currently looking to recruit a Salesforce / Force.com Functional Consultant to work for a large Global consultancy. Excellent career progression, UK amp; International travel and a professional environment are just some of the benefits. Important Salesforce Functional Consultant The Job Circa pound;****  pound;****k basic  flex uplift  bens Working as a Salesforce.com Functional Consultant, you must be fully flexible for UK travel. The primary role is to provide delivery and support capabilities to clients and sales opportunities. A strong academic background and experience of working for a major Internal CRM programme within Industry or within the private sector for an IT or Management Consultancy e.g. Logica / WIPRO / Capgemini / Accenture / Oracle / IBM is preferred. Job Requirements: Full Salesforce / Force.com project lifecycle implementation experience. Service Management / Sales Force Automation preferred A minimum of 2 years Salesforce / Salesforce.com / Force.com experience Strong market knowledge and understanding of new technologies, to demonstrate the benefits of SaaS or cloud technologies. Demonstrable successful delivery of Business Change projects from inception to delivery, to agreed cost, timescales and quality, ability to lead the configuration of the solution Responsibility for the design and delivery of the SaaS solution (typically Salesforce.com / Force.com), including the configuration and data model design, customisations and extensions, architecture and interfaces Ongoing client support and testing responsibilities, Demonstrable experience in using a series of tools and techniques that enable the provision of an integrated solution. Methodology expertise to integrate all the elements of the delivery Strong consultative approach, including facilitation, presentation skills, gaining entry and building rapport, innovative thinking, managing conflict, senior level engagement, building consensus and obtaining buyin. Excellent communication and client relationship management skills Certified in Salesforce / Salesforce.com is preferred. This position is live and signed off  Matchtech are a top tier supplier. Please contact Olivia Pearl for further information. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK