Title: Maintenance Technician (Process Department)  Global FMCG
Webindex: 67368560
Company: PMP Solutions Ltd
Description: Our client; a global FMCG company and a leading player in the UK and worldwide food manufacturing sector. With ever increasing investment into their UK sites and due to expansion of one of its key sites they are now looking for a Maintenance Technician within their Process Department for this, their flagship site. Within the role of Maintenance Technician you with be responsible for the maintenance of site equipment and systems in accordance with health and safety (H&S), quality and food hygiene standards. Provide quick and effective, reactive breakdown maintenance of site equipment as well as being involved in the planned preventative maintenance (PPM) of all equipment. You will be responsible for ensuring correct documentation is completed for work carried, maintenance systems are updated, conduct training of Technical Operators on site, be involved in project work and installation and commissioning work where required. You will also be involved with working with Senior Engineers, Maintenance Planners and Shift Managers to run the maintenance department efficiently, look at ways processes can be carried out more efficiently and work on continuous improvements projects for the site and departments as well as ensuring all equipment is well looked after. The ideal candidate for the Maintenance Technician in Process role will have completed an apprenticeship or equivalent and hold an ONC, HNC or HND or equivalent in an engineering or technical discipline. You will also have experience working as a Maintenance Technician (Mechanical, Electrical or Multi Skilled) within a fastpaced manufacturing or production environment ideally, although other backgrounds can be considered with the right qualifications and apprenticeship. You will also have experience working to targets, be good at problem solving, have good prioritising skills and be a good team player and communicator. The package for the Maintenance Technicians role is paying up to ****k plus bonus, pension and package as well as offering an element of job security due to the investment that has been put into the site. It also offers the chance to join a truly global company and work with some of the most advanced manufacturing equipment in the world, where you can develop your skills, make a name for yourself and grow into more senior roles as the site grows. We are also recruiting for Senior Maintenance Technicians, Electrical Engineers, Mechanical Engineers, Multi Skilled Engineers, Systems Engineers, Electrical Technicians, Mechanical Technicians, Multi Skilled Technicians, Maintenance Planners, Shift Managers, Conformance Managers, Health & Safety (H&S) Advisers, Compliance Managers, Logistics Managers, New Product Development (NPD) Coordinators, Technical Operators, Machine Operators, Line Operators, Logistics Operators so if you have experience in these areas please feel free to send your CV or call (Apply online only) to discuss further. PM Professional Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy