Title: Trade and Distribution Specialist (French)
Webindex: 71374937
Company: BluePrint
Description: French Speaking Trade and Distribution Specialist  Dundalk (Salary Negotiable  Very Competitive  Exciting Benefits Package) A major client of ours based in Dundalk currently have an exciting opportunity for French speaking Trade and Distribution Specialist to join heir company on a permanent basis. With offices located throughout the world, this is a fantastic time to join a leading organisation with an already sterling reputation. Reporting to the External Operations Manager, you will be responsible for the following: OBJECTIVES: The Trade and Distribution Specialist France is responsible for the day to day interaction with the 3rd party logistic provider (3PL) in the France. He/She is the SPOC and Site Owner for the 3PL for all activities and responsibilities assumed by the 3 PL. This could include but not be limited to CS, SOM, Export, AR Outbound Logistics, Internal Audit, Compliance and stock controlling. GENERAL DUTIES Ensure smooth transaction of all (Order‐to‐Cash) OtC, AR and Inventory processes at 3PL at target service performance Responsible to ensure that all issues and improvement opportunities related to OtC, AR and Inventory are addressed and new projects are being implemented Responsibility for Master Data (Customer and Pricing) Responsible for Claims management and approvals Secure customer communication and relationship management across the full order  shipping  billing  cash collection process is being done by the 3PL according to WC expectations and standards Responsible for ensure 3PL compliance to Internal and External Audit requirements, delivering Internal Control reports timely and efficiently (e.g. all monthly and quarterly Internal Audit reports are completed by internal or external functions andapproved by internal management) Ensure completion of Quarter End and Year End closing activities as per company expectation for OtC, AR and Inventory Understand WMS interface through EDI. Ability to solve interface related issues and drive system improvements. Interact with European forecasting and planning team responsible to align on forecast updates in affected countries Manage the interface with external regulatory and legal resources to ensure that local price changes or other changes affecting the saleability of the products areunderstood and implemented on time w/o impact on product availability Manage Export to selected countries ensuring compliance from a Customs/Tax standpoint. Pharmaceutical Industry, having worked in a multinational company. Skills/ Capabilities: Fluent English and native level of French. A second or third European language an advantage, preferentially Spanish, Italian or German. Excellent communication skills combined with the ability to build businessrelationships in new and diverse environments quickly and efficiently Sales Order Management Experience Demonstrated capabilities and high knowledge both Customer Services (CS), Account Receivables (AR) and Inventory Management. In depth Technical mastery regarding SAP and system interfaces SD, and SAP ERP‐ MM, IM, WM ,) Electronic Data Interchange via IDOC processing Integrated functional area awareness (Finance and Inventory). Knowledge in Master Data Maintenance Knowledge of Internal Control / Audit / SOX requirements Leadership skills to manage and drive projects and improvements For further details please contact Craig on **** **** or submit your CV via the link. Please note that only candidates who are eligible to work in the EU can be considered.