Title: PROTECTION AND CONTROL ENGINEER, SWINDON – c****K  BENEFITS
Webindex: 71900313
Company: Alecto Recruitment
Description: PROTECTION AND CONTROL ENGINEER, SWINDON – c****K  BENEFITS My client is a leading Mechanical and Electrical Contractor with depots throughout the UK and they currently require a Protection and Control Engineer to be based in Swindon. Reporting to the HV Manager you’ll undertake protection calculations, protection settings for complex systems (using industry standard software such as Amtech) and technical supporting drawings. In addition you’ll programme, test and interrogate relays, LVAC and LVDC panels. To be considered for this role you’ll need to be educated to HNC level or equivalent in electrical / electronic engineering and will be familiar with industry standard electrical design software such as ERACS and Amtech. You’ll need previous experience of working within power systems protection, coupled with the ability to be able to design, set up and commission protection schemes, from individual elements to fully integrated systems. In addition you will have a good knowledge of protection relays, protection schemes and technical drawings including understanding wiring and schematic diagrams such as AC and DC interlocking diagrams. As this is predominantly a customer facing position, you’ll need excellent communication and planning skills along with knowledge of current H&S legislation. This is a fantastic opportunity to join one of the UK’s leading Mechanical and Electrical Contractors as a Protection and Control Engineer offering a salary of around **** plus a company vehicle and excellent benefits package. To apply for this role, please forward your CV to Mike Buick, ALECTO Recruitment. mikebalectorecruitment.com or call [blocked] in strict confidence for further information. Alecto Recruitment Limited is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. If your experience matches please forward your CV immediately. We thank all applicants who respond, but only those short listed will be contacted. For more information about the positions we are currently recruiting for, please take a look at www.alectorecruitment.com or follow us on Twitter alectorecruit