Title: Estimating Manager  Leading Home Improvements Specialist
Webindex: 69592499
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Estimating Manager  Leading Home Improvements Specialist Cuffley, Hertfordshire (Office/Field Based, Covering London and surrounding areas) ****  **** Plus Annual Bonus, Company Car, Staff Discount, Pension, 25 Days' Holiday  Bank Holidays A household name with nearly 50 years of experience, our client is one of the UK's most respected and best known premium brands. Market leaders in the home improvements sector, they have a well deserved reputation for quality and innovation. An exciting opportunity has arisen within their team for an Estimating Manager. This is a great opportunity for a commercial estimator with experience of working with sub contractors looking to take on a brand new role and establish themselves within the commercial division of a successful, high profile, national business. As an Estimating Manager, you will be responsible for contributing towards divisional sales targets through the conversion of tender and quotation opportunities. Attending client sites throughout London and the surrounding area, you will help to assess needs and develop an understanding of the appropriate solutions before generating an accurate cost analysis for each project. You will undertake all quotation and tender activity and review and appraise tender documentation. You will also build and maintain strong client relationships. Additionally, you will design and implement relevant internal processes and maintain project records. You will also oversee large scale project management, legal compliance issues and new business development opportunities. To be considered for this role, you must have:  Significant experience in a commercial estimation role  Experience of working with sub contractors  Strong commercial tender and quotation experience Additionally, as an Estimating Manager, you must be results driven with a strong work ethic and excellent analytical and financial management skills. You must also have exceptional interpersonal and communication abilities and be adept at establishing and maintaining relationships. To apply for the role of Estimating Manager, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Estimating Manager, Commercial Estimator, Estimator, Project Estimator, Estimating, Design Estimator, Civil Estimator, Civil Engineer, Engineer, Construction Estimator, Estimating Team Leader, Estimation Manager. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EstimatingManagerLeadingHomeImprovementsSpecialist_job****