Title: Maintenance Engineer (Electrically biased)
Webindex: 69560054
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment
Description: Maintenance Engineer (Electrically biased) Various UK locations ****  **** Per hour Contract position Are you a Contract Maintenance Engineer looking to work for one of most successful manufacturing companies in the marketplace where you will be able to enjoy the options of short or long term contract or even the chance of a permanent role? This market leading manufacturing company is recognised for its excellent quality and great working conditions, they now need to recruit a number of contract maintenance engineers to support project work and breakdown maintenance. As a maintenance engineer, you will be responsible for work which will involve both electrical and mechanical work as well as ****0% breakdown maintenance and 50% PPM and continuous improvement work. This is a great chance to join a world renowned engineering company where you will be constantly challenged on the most up to date equipment. With long terms plans to further develop the site it is a fantastic time to join this progressive company that can offer unrivalled training and opportunities for future progression. Therefore they need ambitious and enthusiastic engineers that can work in a demanding environment where you will be pushed to reach your full potential. This is an amazing opportunity for the best contractors on the market to work with one of the best companies currently recruiting in the UK today. The Role:  Electrical and Mechanical maintenance and repair of automated machinery.  Planned and preventative maintenance, reactive maintenance and troubleshooting  Working within a busy and demanding department.  be involved in continuous improvements across the site The Person;  Maintenance engineer with Electrical and Mechanical skills  Time Serviced or Apprentice trained  PLC Fault finding skills beneficial  Experience of pneumatics and hydraulics Must have experience as a contract maintenance engineer Maintenance Engineer, Electrical, Siemens, S**** S5 Automation, Continuous Improvement, Apprentice, PLC, Pneumatics, Hydraulics, Presses, Motor, Gear Boxes, Packaging, Process, maintenance, breakdown, engineer, mechanical, maintenance, engineer, single phase, **** phase, drives, robots, press tools, Automotive, Aerospace, FMCG, Production, Allen Bradley, Omron, Mitsubishi, Siemens To apply for this role or for to be considered for further roles, please contact us on: (Apply online only) or visit our website at (url removed) This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from engineering candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed