Title: PROCESS COMPUTER ENGINEER (AUTOMOTIVE)
Webindex: 67957553
Company: Jarvis King Associates Ltd
Description: Process Computer Engineer Due to ongoing success, our client, a global name in the automotive industry, has an urgent requirement for Process Computer Engineers to join their ever expanding team in Sunderland. The successful applicants will be responsible for  Supporting the Engineering and Maintenance Departments with new, existing and legacy technologies. Managing Facility Support Computers used to diagnose and develop industrial control systems software. Design, develop and maintain OEE and KPI systems with the aim of reducing BDR and MTTR, ultimately improving the efficiency of the plant. Integrate new and existing equipment into the existing network infrastructure. Develop specifications to meet crossdepartmental requirements. Manage critical issues within systems and implement timely resolutions. Operating effectively within a ****/**** twentyfour/seven manufacturing environment. Be able to operate individually and as part of a team. Provide technical solutions to complex issues. Provide documentation for new and existing systems. Experience required  A good working knowledge of PLC, NC, HMI s (Preferably: Siemens, Omron, Mitsubishi, Fanuc) Technical problem solving and direct interface with control system OEMs to resolve issues Working knowledge of SCADA and OPC technologies Networking of facilities for maintenance management and data collection Experience of WEB and Database programming (Microsoft SQL server, ASP.NET) Preferable but not essential  Manage existing Cisco network infrastructure Manage HP and NETAPP Filers. Manage server infrastructure including Microsoft Operating Systems, HyperV, VM Ware and Active Directory. Manage security and virus updates across approx. **** PCs. Experience in Application design and development using Microsoft development platforms. Applicants MUST be educated with a minimum HNC or HND in Electrical / Electronic Engineering. An attractive salary and benefits package is on offer along with excellent career progression opportunities.