Title: Statistical Cost Analysts
Webindex: 68364181
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: Perm Parametric Cost Engineers Statistical Analysts required to work for the leading Automotive client in the Midlands. Location: West Midlands Salary: Competitive salaries  Bonus  Relocation other great benefits Job Description Finance sits at the very heart of my clients business. As part of a team that affects every element of our business, you ll turn your hand to a vast range of fascinating challenges. We ll look to you to grasp every moment, every opportunity to improve our business functions. What s more, the ideas you come up with will be heard. And the decisions you make will ripple through our business right around the world, directly influencing our success, and yours. Cost Engineering enables us to take exciting journeys as a business. Providing robust financial information and expert strategic insight, this key department helps drive profitable growth allowing us to make further breakthroughs in the development of premium, luxury vehicles The role is both simple and exciting We take a Cost Engineering technology based on the statistical understanding of our historical material costs and establish the 1st ever application of it into the Automotive sector. Then we extend that technology by marrying it with the classical Automotive sector Should Cost detailed cost estimating of a specific design, combine that with some Value Analysis and the result if we get it right is a completely new tool that will provided statistical direction to all parts of the business. Candidate Profile  Your role will be working with an experienced manager in the application of the basic statistical tool, with an experienced current employee who does have understanding, its data sources together with a wide network and an external development partner.  The objective being to build statistical relationships that can be employed to predict future costs.  To join us in this challenging post, you ll need to combine proven Statistic/Parametric Cost Engineering ability with excellent communication skills.  A demonstrable talent for interpreting data within logical sets is crucial.  You should be proficient in the Microsoft Office suite,  Qualified to degree level (or equivalent),  You will ideally also have some experience of project management and Parametric Cost Estimating (including TruePlanning  PRICE Systems, and/or SEERH  Galorath), but this is not essential.  In return, you ll benefit from our commitment to your ongoing development, with opportunities to further your career in a worldclass Finance team through roles across the breadth of our business. If interested please reply with your latest cv and call **** for more details. I would also like to draw your attention to our candidate referral scheme. If you can recommend a friend or colleague to us, who we subsequently place, then you will receive **** in gift vouchers. View our latest jobs today at URL removed and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position.