Title: Materials Planning Manager
Webindex: 72294261
Company: Redline Group
Description: My client, based in Potters Bar – Hertfordshire, design and manufacture a range of complex, high value electronic products that are used all over the world. Due to expansion they currently require a Materials Planning Manager to join their team. Main Purpose: The primary responsibility of this role is to take direct ownership and accountability of materials planning and inventory management activities across multiple site locations to meet sales and production manufacturing requirements. The Materials Planner is responsible for; planning, scheduling, and releasing all materials required to meet the companies sales and production build requirements within minimum leadtimes. The Materials Planner balances requirements (orders/forecast) against resources (capacity/materials), enabling the companies production to operate at maximum efficiency and profitability, with minimum inventory. Key Responsibilities: •Serves as an expert on driving MRP system with clear understanding of impact on Production plan, Inventory and Finance. •Review all ECN’s after release in to SAP to make sure changes have been transferred correctly with no adverse affect to MRP •Interrogate and maintain the master schedule by using the order book, current forecasts and consumption history. •Actively communicate across business functions to effectively coordinate operations between Fulfillment, Production, Sourcing and Sales. •Analyses inventory, manages slowmoving and obsolete stock, adjusting order quantities and safety stock according to the scheduling. •Manage consignment stock at Contract Manufacturers to ensure stock is being consumed in line with agreed timescales •Apply Lean and continuous improvement concepts and methodologies within Planning Key skills and Experience: •Minimum of 5 years experience in a Material Planning role within a manufacturing environment to include offshore contract manufacturing •Working experience of MRP/ERP systems and advanced level understanding of concepts and principle, SAP **** being preferred in a manufacturing environment •Working experience with Forecasting, Production Plans, Scheduling and Safety Stock analysis •Experienced user of Lean Six Sigma tools, mythologies and concepts •Experience of statistical reporting, forecasting and understanding of financial and operational impacts of forecasting This is a fantastic opportunity to join a company that is a genuine world leader in their industry offering excellent career prospects. If you have any specific questions about this Materials Planning Manager role in Potters Bar, Hertfordshire please call Janet Marsh on [blocked]. To apply email JMarshredlinegroup.Com