Title: Trainee engineer (office based)
Webindex: 72138498
Company: CPE Pressure Vessels Ltd
Description: Trainee Engineer CPE Pressure vessels is a small, growing, engineering company of approx **** people. This is an excellent opportunity to work in a very busy, vibrant office environment, working under a great deal of pressure. Long term prospects are excellent and the ideal candidate would be expected to progress to a qualified engineer over a few years. There are opportunities to gain qualifications by day release, or to participate in a full apprenticeship programme. Candidates will be entitled to be paid for hours speent at work and also at college. Alternatively, candidates may prefer not to engage in college courses, in which case a higher hourly rate may be offered. CPE has a track record of rewarding success and personal achievements with a bonus scheme. You will be working as part of a small, highly skilled team in a specialist engineering company, dealing with oil,gas, water and nuclear industries. Initially your role would be to support the rest of the team as a junior engineer with basic office tasks such as filing, admin, basic purchasing, expediting, taking phone calls, etc. As you progress, you would be expected to become more involved engineering tasks such as cad drawings, design calculations. By the end of your apprenticeship, we would expect you to be able to project manage straightforward contracts through all stages of the project. As well as informal training by other members of the team, you would be expected to attend college to study engineering on a day release basis, working towards a formal NVQ qualification and an engineering apprenticeship. Applicants should be well presented, hard working and have good mathmatical, practical and problem solving skills. Applicants should have a minumum of **** GCSEs at grade C or higher, including Maths, English and Science. Please apply by submitting CV online or sending CV, together with cover note to email address below. CV must include full details and grades of GCSEs taken. Please also included details of any engineering or problem solving tasks you have engaged in with your application. No previous experience of engineering is required but candidates must be enthusiastic and able to demonstrate good practical abilities and maths skills at an interview.