Title: Injection Moulding Tool Setter  Automotive
Webindex: 72441887
Company: Akton Recruitment
Description: Injection Moulding Tool Setter  Automotive Staffordshire Competitive Salary / Rate Contract  Temp to Perm I am currently looking for a Tool Setter to:  Manage a cell of **** injection machines to meet the required Safety, Quality Delivery targets Lead a team of operators and ensure they are following the company's production quality systems. Follow the production plans for your responsible area and monitor the OEE SMED performance Carryout tool changes to procedures and to standard tool change times Confirm the processes in your area are operating to required standards at startup every **** hours Lead support your team in solving issues in real time as they occur in your area Raise concerns and recommend actions for any issues that exceed your authority or competence. You will visualise manning issues within your area and manage any issues with Group Leader, where you will be reviewing the production plan before start of shift and decide deployment of operators. You will also lead pre  shift daily meetings to communicate develop teamwork with the operators You will confirm ****s, PPE usage and machine cleanliness within your area and implement continual improvements, where you'll be expected to carryout tool changes to procedures and to standard tool change times according to the production plan. Other duties will include you to: Confirm the startup condition of the process at each tool change according to the startup verification procedure Create confirm 1st off moulding for each start up according to process control requirements. Maintain and visualise the performance of your area every **** hours using the Operator A boards and tek net system. Monitor OEE performance within your area and coordinate scrap downtime improvement activities Monitor the use of the company's quality system within your area (Scrap segregation, standard work, Escalation, etc) Participate in problem solving activities to solve customer concerns or rectify internal nonconformances. Carryout daily selfcontrol quality audits within your area ( minimum 1 per day) You will be required to have Knowledge of the automotive manufacturing industry  Specifically Honda, Nissan, Toyota and PSA, and ideally be educated in Maths, English and science to a minimum of GSCE or equivalent level. It is important you have demonstrated hands on experience of tool change overs, first off approval process startups, and it'd be advantageous if you were to have indepth technical knowledge of injection tools, injection processes injection problem solving. Knowledge of lean principles  i.e. SMED, ****s, standardised work, levelled production stop call wait, experience of problem solving tools  i.e. PPS, and experience of basic quality systems  i.e. Traceability first offs, attribute charts etc are also essential. It would be beneficial if you had the ability / experience in:  Managing and improving production performance of an injection area. Motivating and developing a manufacturing team to perform in a fast paced environment Communicating actively effectively to team members. Demonstrate examples of injection area performance improvements from previous roles Injection moulding. If you are interested in applying, then please send through a copy of your most uptodate CV, together with a cover letter detailing your relevant experience and reference TSMRRK**** , to rkapilaaktonrecruitment.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InjectionMouldingToolSetterAutomotive_job****