Title: Electrical Design Engineer  Control Systems  ?****k  Worcester
Webindex: 68591986
Company: Jonathan Lee Recruitment
Description: We have an exciting opportunity for an Electrical Systems Design Engineer to join our market leading and expanding operation. You will focus on designing electrical and electronic control systems for our customer contracts. THE COMPANY: We design, manufacture and supply an extensive range of engine testing systems in the automotive, aerospace, marine and industrial markets. Our test systems consist of a variety of engine and chassis dynamometers and high technology control and data acquisition software, along with test stands and ancillary equipment for the test cell. We are renowned the world over as offering exceptional high quality, reliable and accurate test systems. We produce customised solutions for our customers, designed by our highly experienced teams of mechanical, electrical and software engineers with our team of installation and commissioning engineers on hand to deliver the final test facility on site. Our operations are global with manufacturing or sales and service centres around the world. THE ROLE:  Produce electrical schematic and arrangement drawings with experience in using AutoCAD ****/Electrical Designer CAD packages being an advantage.  Generate specifications for bought out electrical equipment and parts lists for the manufacture of our control systems.  Give technical support and liaise with other departments.  Supply data to enable the production of technical manuals and test procedures.  Provide engineering support, in test and on site if necessary. THE PERSON:  Educated to at least HNC Electrical Engineering or equivalent.  Familiarity with AutoCAD and Electrical Designer will be an advantage.  Practical electrical engineering skills and problem diagnosis.  Experience with PLC and computer controlled realtime control systems.  Involvement with analogue and digital circuits, and data acquisition. THE BENEFITS: The salary is likely to be in the range ****k to ****k entirely dependent on experience plus all the usual benefits you would expect from a worldclass employer. However the agreement of terms will not be an obstacle in securing the right candidate. We are based in Worcester. The county town of Worcestershire is an ancient city with a modern outlook and it has great things to offer. From the keen shopper and the leisure visitor to the history buff, culture vulture or the sports fan, there is definitely something to tempt everyone. The role is commutable from the West Midlands, Worcestershire, Alcester, Birmingham, Bromsgrove, Bromyard, Evesham, Halesowen, Kidderminster, Ledbury, Malvern, Redditch, Stourbridge, StratforduponAvon, Tenbury Wells, Tewkesbury, Warwick and Worcester. Above all, we are dedicated to providing the right environment for our people to excel. We continually invest in the training and development of our team members. If you are interested in the exciting fields of automotive, aerospace, marine and industrial power generation, with a worldwide flavour we can provide you with a challenging and exciting environment to work in. APPLY NOW: Your CV will be forwarded to Clive Wadelin at our advising consultant's, Jonathan Lee Recruitment, who will treat it in the strictest confidence and keep you closely informed on the progress of your application. Alternatively to discuss the Electrical Systems Design Engineer role call Clive on [blocked]. Jonathan Lee Recruitment is a leading engineering and manufacturing recruitment consultancy established in 1978. The services advertised by Jonathan Lee Recruitment are those of an Employment Agency.