Title: Quality and HSE Manager
Webindex: 71710147
Company: Michael Page International PLC
Description: To develop and implement a quality management system (QMS) suitable for certification to ISO9001:**** Standard across all areas of the organisation and to manage health and safety related issues across the business. Some key responsibilities include:  Define, develop, implement and maintain a QMS complying with ISO 9001:****practical processes and work procedures.  Develop, deliver, implement and assess a programme of training and education necessary to ensure the successful implementation of the QMS.  Maintain a working knowledge of processes and procedures, policies and regulations andcompanystrategy, policy and regulations in order to ensure the effective implementation of the QMS  Support relevant production staff in the implementation of QMS  Provide practical understanding and interpretation of relevant UK legislation including health safety associated with implementation and management of a QMS  Maintain effective communication and liaison with relevant contractors, suppliers and customers  Work with the Technical Integration and Improvement team to engender and encourage a continuous improvement cultur The ideal candidate will be educated to HNC or equivalent and have a formal Quality Management System qualification (Significant experience of ISO 9001). Managing and motivating teams is a key part of the role and the successful candidate will have to show experience of this. This role will require someone proficient with dealing with contractors and external professional bodies. Management of change is key and candidatewill ideally haveknowledge of continuous improvements models (such as ****Sigma). Any Marine construction experience will be useful. My client is a specialist manufacturing business based on the South Coast. **** to **** DOE Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy.