Title: Shift Leader (Production)
Webindex: 65437782
Company: AES TECHNICAL & EXECUTIVE CONSULTANTS
Description: Position: Shift Leader (Production)  Continuous Shifts Location: Swindon Salary: ****  Benefits  46% SA (Nights) OTE **** and Relocation If there’s something stopping you from achieving all you’re capable of, you’ll relish a role with a company that will positively encourage you to be proactive – a real opportunity to release your true potential. The Company: Our Client manufactures and sells a broad range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment and diagnostic products. They are a global medical technology company that serves healthcare institutions, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, industry and the general public. The Role: Employed as a Shift Leader in the Production Department you will be responsible for coordinating all activities associated within the manufacturing areas. Perform duties to ensure that budgeted manufacturing objectives are achieved. Key Responsibilities / Tasks include but are not limited to: Responsible for the operational performance of the manufacturing team to achieve business objectives for volume, quality and waste levels, initiating handson approach when appropriate. Achieving the production schedule but maintaining labour costs within budgeted levels. Responsible for ensuring that all associates working within the manufacturing area comply at all times to Health and Safety, Environmental and Quality Systems and promote compliance to cGMP. Ensuring that team members are in compliance with GMP standards at all times. Ensure all products are manufactured as specified within the Quality System, and to organise corrective action to maintain the product at the accepted quality levels. Maintaining effective control of production orders with specific batch control in line with the required quality standards. Fully support CI activities and drive the involvement of all team members in CI activities, waste reduction, productivity, safety, and quality improvement programmes. Holding Shift Start Up meetings to ensure a smooth shift handover, encouraging communication between the incoming and outgoing shifts. Facilitate regular manufacturing team briefings, and participate in project teams as required The Person: Candidates suitable for consideration should be able to provide evidence of the following: A recognised qualification in Polymer Technology / Mechanical Engineering / Plastics Processing or completion of a Tool making Apprenticeship Knowledge of GMP and Regulatory requirements for the medical industry Previous experience in a manufacturing environment with a good knowledge of all related manufacturing processes. Good understanding of injection moulding, setting machines and optimising processes for multi cavity injection mould tools within a medium to high volume manufacturing environment. Knowledge of lean manufacturing an advantage. You will be selfmotivated, have excellent communication skills both written and oral, be computer literate, and able to work as part of a team. The successful candidate will enjoy a an attractive salary plus excellent prospects and an employment package that you would expect from a company that values its employees. Do you have the courage to take on this challenge? This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ShiftLeaderProduction_job****