Title: Technical Author (Electronic Engineering)
Webindex: 70762486
Company: Ceema Recruitment
Description: This is a multifaceted high technology company that designs, develops, manufactures and markets a diverse range of microelectronic and test and measurement products, for use in supporting communication systems, networks and automatic test systems. This specialist niche client seeks to recruit an experienced Technical Author to create and maintain documentation required to support the use, maintenance and servicing of Company products. Main duties and responsibilities include:  Obtain technical information and detailed knowledge from subject matter experts, production personnel and other sources as necessary  Generate well presented, grammatically correct and concise documentation in line with corporate standards and agreed project schedules  Generate illustrations and photos, annotated as necessary  Organise the approval, issue, filing and (when required) printing of documentation  Provide documentation support to sales, engineering and production staff when necessary  Support the development of standards and working practices as required. The successful Technical Author will have a background in engineering and be educated to HND or equivalent level in Electronic Engineering or related discipline. Applicants should have previous experience of documenting software products and have an understanding of software development, the software development life cycle and software code principles. An appreciation of electronic hardware development and experience of documenting products with electronic hardware is also required. Candidates for the Technical Author role must be proficient in the creation of complex documentation to support an engineering readership and be competent in the creation and editing of drawings, document layout and generation of text to a professional standard. Candidates should be accustomed to developing a complete suite of product documentation, either alone or collaboratively and be capable of understanding and documenting assembly and disassembly procedures using engineering drawings where appropriate. Applicants should be selfmotivated and possess good computer literacy skills, including the MS Office applications, FrameMaker, Web Works Publisher, CorelDraw and bit map editing software. Knowledge of Help and Manual software would be advantageous. Candidates must have an organised and methodical approach to tasks with the ability to manage a variable workload and achieve projects of varying durations, from less than a week to over a year. Attention to detail and excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, are essential and candidates should have the ability to quickly develop strong working relationships with project teams whilst possess a diplomatic and sensitive approach to eliciting information. Please apply for the Technical Author role by forwarding your current CV and covering letter, describing your suitability for the role