Title: Regional Manager (North East amp; Scotland)
Webindex: 68179674
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview CCSSupport Services  SkyBlue Purpose of Role To manage a predetermined location(s) to meet and exceed pre determined targets and or budgets through the development of new and existing clients and the provision of an excellent service to the client that generates continuous business opportunities. Develop, mentor and train the staff to achieve agreed objectives and targets, ensuring that the location(s) is fully compliant with all IMS and employment law procedures. Key Objectives of the Role Responsibility to ensure all staff have clearly outlined targets and objectives, which are set monthly and reviewed weekly with a record kept on each individual s file for performance management. Responsibility for the team and/or location(s) to provide clear and accurate correspondence to clients, candidates, associates and head office, compiling reports, letters, objectives and management information as requested. To successfully deliver the minimum required budgeted profit and/or performance standards as set by the business, through the recruitment, performance, management, training and development of all your staff and providing a professional recruitment service to candidates and clients. Responsibility to ensure that the team is proactive in developing and reacting to new and existing internal and external clients, to increase the number of associates working or permanent placements, complying at all times with UK and European legislation, Health amp; Safety requirements and company procedures. By being proactive the team and/or location must have clear objectives on business development, client visits, service delivery, client reviews and associate/candidate management. Responsibility to ensure all staff record all essential and relevant information and it is maintained and updated accordingly on appropriate company IT systems Ensure delivery of all contractual performance levels and service level agreements. Ensure all property, offices, depots within control are maintain and presented in a professional manner at all times. Ensure 100% compliance to all company processes, procedures and management systems. Manage sickness, absence and disciplinary issues. Take a proactive approach to continuously improve service delivery and professionalism. Undertake workplace inspections on a regular basis within areas of responsibility. Maximise all sustainability, equality and diversity opportunities internally and externally. To manage a fleet of vehicles ensuring legal compliance at all times (where required). Job Level Overview Subject to functional policy objectives and/or general business direction, the Job Holder will work within broadly defined policies and objectives. nbsp;He/She will demonstrate a detailed grasp of involved practices and procedures and will normally possess either an appropriate professional, or academic quqlification. The Job Holder s performance will have either a small impact on plc performance, or a medium impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Delivers elements within their Business Unit plan to achieve current year s performance Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 12 years Manages activities to support operational delivery and growth for their Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines Maintains effective internal and external client or user relationships within own area of responsibility Delivers Health and Safety policy and standards Implements Business Unit decisions and sets local priorities Applies high level technical skills across a range of functional or business activities Focuses on providing input to the annual business, financial and people plan for the specific contract, project or specialism Financial Accountabilities Within a Business Unit or a professional function: Works within clear budgetary guidelines Translates plans and requirements into realistic budgets and targets for subteams Promotes innovative ways to add value and reduce costs within the team. May contribute to budget planning Directs Level 1 projects People Accountabilities For a contract or multidisciplinary team: Responsible for the overall resourcing Optimises performance Undertakes performance reviews and provides training, reward and succession recommendations Full management control of people resources and is responsible for implementing disciplinary actions up to and including dismissal. Knowledge and Applied Skills Possesses knowledge of one complex functional or business area Track record of success in supporting a major business contract, Business Unit or region and/or providing support to a professional function Likely to have in excess of 5 years managerial and/or technical experience. Member of a Professional Body with Intermediate Level Qualifications as a minimum. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information JOB TITLE REGIONAL MANAGER North amp; Scotland A Rare Opportunity LOCATION The position will be covering Doncaster, Newcastle and Glasgow will be based in one of these locations. Regular business travel to these locations and the Head Office in Birmingham will be required. SALARY AND BENEFITS Up to pound;****  bonus  benefits (OTE pound;****k) COMPANY INFORMATION Part of Carillion Plc, SkyBlue is an awarding winning recruitment company that has achieved year on year growth over the last 7 years Operating through our network of regional branches across the UK in a variety of specialist sectors Renowned for providing Recruitment and Resourcing solutions to projects of any size and scale An innovative organisation that provides customers with genuine long term solutions YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING Demonstrable track record of developing and managing and high performing teams and growing revenues Ability to influence individuals and companies from site and project level to senior manager and director level Exemplary relationship building skills Operational experience within a recruitment company Experience of managing complex processes and procedures IDEALLY YOU HAVE THE FOLLOWING Knowledge of one or all of the core industry sectors of SkyBlue Experience of project management ROLE INFORMATION Responsible for an annual budget of pound;27m This role forms part of the Senior Management Team of SkyBlue The successful person will lead the region to deliver its annual budget and to work with the rest of the senior management team in achieving the wider SkyBlue objectives You will lead the operational teams ensuring a high level of customer satisfaction is achieved across our internal and external customer base To maximize the growth and profitability of each targeted customer across the region and the wider SkyBlue network To proactively support the overall work winning team and operational network in the development of new customers To provide leadership in ensuring a high level of adherence to Health, Safety amp; Sustainability standards