Title: Business Change Manager / IM Change Manager
Webindex: 68363985
Company: NES Group Limited
Description: Business Change Manager / Change Manager / IM Business Change Manager / Transformation / Integration / Permanent / London My client is currently recruiting for an IM Business Change Manager for a permanent role based in London. Experience and knowledge in managing transformation projects in a large, complex, multi  site, safety focused and regulated environment is essential for this role. My client is looking for a functional leader who will be responsible for the Business Change across the entire portfolio of IM Programmes and Projects with a typical value of 50m pa. Key Skills  Essential experience in Change Management tools, techniques and methodologies  Essential experience in recognised Programme and Project Management methodologies  Experience in IM Programme and Project Management methodologies (e.g. Pathway, CIMM)  Experience in ITIL service management  Experience in managing business issues, policies, management structure, business objectives, procedures and priorities, as well as ER interfaces  Exposure to national and international legislation pertaining to the Government/Public Sector IT  e.g. Data Protection Act, EU Procurement Directives and Freedom of Information Act. Required Experience:  Experience of managing transformation projects in a large, complex, multisite, safety focused and regulated organisation  Experience of handling change  Experience of successfully identifying and implementing changes  Experience of building relationships with a range of people at all levels within and outside the organisation, including working with senior business managers to enable business benefit  Experience of managing direct reports and multidisciplinary teams, ideally including skilled business and IS/IT professionals, to deliver change management  Experience of working within the IM industry in a management role  Proven leadership experience of developing a customerfocused service culture within an IM department and enabling people development towards this objective Please email your CV for an immediate response. Your CV will not be forwarded to any clients without your prior authorisation. NES IT is part of the NES Global Talent Group, a global multi award winning provider of professional resource management services. NES IT works with corporate and public sector clients to meet their contract, interim and permanent personnel requirements. NES IT ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Applications will be considered based only on skills and ability and we do not discriminate on any grounds.