Title: Project Manager  Mobile / Multi Channel
Webindex: 70105127
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Project Manager  Mobile / Multi Channel London, EC**** ****  **** DOE Our client is a transformative technology company based in New York, Italy, and the UK. With over 10 years experience, they serve more than **** multichannel clients around the world, representing a range of industries and 25% of Fortune **** companies. An opportunity has now arisen for a Project Manager to drive them to new heights of success. As a Project Manager, you will be responsible for managing multiple top tier clients and overseeing transformative technology projects from initiation through to close. Reporting to the Team Lead, you will manage all daytoday project activities. You will develop productive, robust relationships with clients as well as manage effective internal communications. You will drive your team to create the correct project documentation required (specs, hifi WF, Visuals, Mocks, Interactives, Style guides) and ensure that these are to client satisfaction. You will create and maintain detailed project logs, meeting notes as well as conduct post mortem reviews. Additionally, you will coordinate the work of other project managers within your team, working with them to ensure team success and efficient use of resources. Offering the chance to be challenged, inspired and rewarded, you will play a significant role in groundbreaking IT projects with a company which is going from strength to strength. To be considered for this pivotal role, you must have:  Webbased project management experience; eCommerce would be a big plus  External clientfacing experience As a Project Manager, you must have strong written and verbal communication skills and the ability to remain calm, positive and encouraging during stressful situations. You will be comfortable working within a fluid environment where priorities are continually shifting and able to work to deadlines. To apply for the role of Project Manager, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Project Manager, Web Mobile, Ecommerce, Project Manager, IT Project Manager, Senior IT Project Manager, eCommerce Project Manager, Web Mobile Project Manager, Project Team Lead, Project Supervisor, IT Projects, Mobile, Mobile Web, Multi Channel, Cross Channel.