Title: HARDWARE ENGINEER  EMC
Webindex: 69801114
Company: Cabot Search
Description: HARDWARE ENGINEER  EMC SALARY: circa  ****  BENEFITS LOCATION: Gloucestershire This is a fantastic opportunity to join one of the UK's leading internationally focused electronics groups who specialise in the design and manufacture of products into the defence, security, transport and energy markets. They are now seeking to recruit a Hardware Engineer EMC to join their highly successful team. Reporting to the Hardware Team Leader within an Integrated Project Team environment, you will work on the development of safety critical electronic products, initially for Aerospace but with the clear potential to work on future Armoured Fighting Vehicle products across a diverse technology portfolio The position would involve electronics design activities for new products as well as in support of legacy product, with particular emphasis on design and test to meet challenging, industry standard EMC regulations Key responsibilities  Design of circuits including EMC signal filtering, DCDC converters, motor drive, analogue/digital interface electronics.  Provide design guidance to manage EMC, including filtering of input/output interfaces to meet Military and Avionic standards for conducted emissions.  Generation of EMC control plans and support EMC testing across projects.  Design for thermal effects including sizing and calculation of heat sink requirements.  Working with systems, software and mechanical engineers to ensure successful overall product design.  Design to meet safety requirements and design standards including architectures to provide redundancy, avoidance of common failure modes, failure detection and functional reliability.  Preparation of production standard schematics ready to pass on to PCB layout team.  Decomposing requirements into design specifications, design descriptions test procedures.  Provide technical and cost data to Sales Marketing Managers during bid preparation.  Provide data for customer review and conduct presentations as required. Personal attributes  Proactive and self motivated with wideranging problem solving experience.  Positive attitude with ability to work within multifunction teams on rapidly moving projects.  Excellent communication, written and verbal, and IT skills  Expertise in EMC issues including familiarity with some or all defence and avionic standards.  Expertise in schematic capture and design to meet constrained space envelope.  Candidates should be looking for the opportunity to develop to Principal Engineer and more senior level roles. Additionally the following would advantageous  Safety critical electronic systems  Proven ability to design and qualify electronic products to meet challenging industry standard EMC requirements  Experience of network technologies such as CANBus, TTP, Ethernet.  Experience interfacing with microcontroller, microprocessor, CPLD or FPGA devices. To apply , please send your CV to ken.trumancabotresourcing.com. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HARDWAREENGINEEREMC_job****