Title: Instrument Engineer (Oil & gas)
Webindex: 72379483
Description: Duration: PERM Skills: Instrument, Engineer Description: d Job Title: Instrument Engineer (Oil gas) Location: Great Yarmouth Salary: ******** Plus Package Instrument Engineer (degree qualified/chartered status engineers) Job Summary This position is responsible for the assurance of instrumentation and its safe and reliable operation at all operational sites. This is achieved by providing daily support to the offshore platforms and the Bacton terminal on instrumentation issues in addition to implementation and audit of company strategy. There is a heavy bias towards offshore and Bacton site attendance in order to audit and review maintenance activitiy. Such audits aid assurance of continued instrumentation integrity and compliance. Key Tasks Support operational locations in assessing day to day instrumentation issues, ensuring instrumentation technical integrity. Responsible as document owner for maintaining and developing the Instrumentation Maintenance Strategy and thus ensuring appropriate integrity management of instrument equipment. Review approve other nominated technical integrity assurance procedures. Owner of the instrumentation related sections of the verification scheme and responsible for defining performance standards, assessing verification anomalies and assisting with anomaly closing out. Ensure production losses reslting from instrumentation failures are investigated and prevented from recurring. Promote the use of best technology to increase production efficiency. Manage costs by controlling spending and promoting a challenging cost culture to ensure best value is obtained from suppliers and contractors. Qualification/Experience requirements/Personal attributes The jobholder must have a very strong operational knowledge of the offshore and onshore gas business and have a sound knowledge of engineering, planning, logistics and relevant legislation. He/She must also be able to facilitate change where the tasks are complex, unclear or uncertain. The individual will ideally be a Chartered Engineer and member of an appropriate institution, qualified to a minimum of HNC/HND level with at least 10 years experience in the offshore industry. Safety Leader (Maintain safety culture) Provide safety leadership to offshore instrument teams by making the appropriate interventions to prevent unsafe situations or unacceptable risks being taken whilst ensuring work is carried out efficiently. Need to challenge traditional thinking where appropriate. Management of change (PMP s)  With a good understanding of the management of change process and based on operational experience