Title: Principal Electrical Engineer  T D
Webindex: 71709977
Company: Allen York Ltd
Description: Our client is a world leading multi disciplinary engineering consultancy. They are currently looking to recruit a Principal Electrical Engineer (T D) to join their Power team based in Glasgow (possibly Edinburgh). Their transmission and distribution expertise covers all levels of voltage to ****Kv. They have projects running in many UK and international locations. The majority of their work is acting for large utilities and global power developers. Reporting to the Head of Energy Power, as a Principal Engineer you will undertake design and design review, supervision and management of a wide range of projects within the transmission and distribution sector in the UK and overseas. Direct experience of engineering substation projects at ****kV/****kV is essential, while experience of transmission line design is desirable. Experience of the electrical engineering for power stations would be an advantage. You will work within project teams, either leading those teams or contributing your discipline capability, in a flexible manner. This role will see you provide your high voltage engineering expertise to the broader team and may also include participation in our own tenders for work and acting in a seller/doer capacity, in this respect you will play an active role in developing the business in the UK and international market. Requirements Chartered Engineer (preferred) with relevant degree qualifications in Electrical Engineering Experienced in project management and/or design management of large scale transmission projects, or substantial elements of such projects, including feasibility studies, concept design, detailed design, design review, project and contract administration, planning, site supervision, testing and acceptance Detailed experience in one or more of the following; GIS substation design, protection and control, overhead transmission line design and routing, high voltage cables, high voltage DC systems, offshore electrical services Demonstrate the ability to deliver the highest quality work across a broad range of projects Able to travel internationally UK resident or permitted to work within the UK and are fluent in written and spoken English Have a high level personal career motivation and desire to deliver the best project for the Client