Title: Principal Hydrologist  High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire
Webindex: 68805426
Company: Randstad
Description: Our expanding Water Resources related work means that we are actively recruiting to support our growing team specialising in this area. We are seeking energetic and innovative staff who can design, win and deliver our solutionoriented services to our existing and new blue chip clients. As a Principal Consultant you are likely to have an MSc/PhD with considerable surface water systems experience. In particular, you should be able to demonstrate significant capability in at least three of the following areas: water resources management planning process (with particular emphasis on deployable output, headroom, supplydemand balance and option assessment), water resources modelling (including assessment of WFD requirements), hydraulic and sediment transport modelling / assessment, flood risk assessment, catchment management, drought planning and fluvial geomorphology. Chartership of a relevant professional body would be an advantage, as would international work experience. Candidates also need to demonstrate experience of working and in leading multidisciplinary teams and in providing technical input to water / environmental assessments. Experience of working in Consultancy, Environment Agency, SEPA or Water Companies would be considered an advantage. The position is in support of our UK and international clients. The role will include occasional field investigations, but will primarily be officebased out of either our High Wycombe or Solihull offices. The role could evolve into heading up our surface water and climate change team. Candidates must be able to demonstrate skills in factual and interpretative reporting, data management and analysis and presentation. The individual will also be expected to demonstrate an ability to produce high quality oral and written communications. Good time management and presentation skills and a flexible attitude are also essential to work within our busy and dynamic team. As a Principal Consultant you will be familiar with the regulatory, business and policy environment in which our clients operate, and have the capacity to develop and maintain longterm relationships with our clients. This position offers the potential for experience in a wide range of business sectors and the potential for strong career growth for enthusiastic and selfmotivated candidates in a strategic growth area. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills water and hydrologist and wastewater and fluvialgeomorphology and high wycombe and london