Title: Cleaner / Housekeeper (Pre authorised requisition Level H Pilot)
Webindex: 72459277
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview FMFinancial Services Purpose of Role To assist the cleaning Supervisor to provide an efficient and professional cleaning service that meets the client requirements by supporting the cleaning operatives in the day to day issues. Key Objectives of the Role Ensure a professional and agreed service to the client Health amp; Safety, quality and general procedure compliance Inform cleaning supervisor when stock requires replenishing Proactive reporting of all Health and Safety issues Undertake training and development as required and use your own expertise to assist, where appropriate and necessary, with the training and development of fellow employees. Job Level Overview The Job Holder will be subject to close supervision and will work within clearly established work routines/instructions. nbsp;He/She will be competent in the application of standardised work routines and/or the use of nonspecialist machinery amp; equipment. nbsp;The Job Holder s direct impact on plc and Business Group performance will be negligible. Operational Accountabilities Responsible for the completion of a variety of straightforward, standalone tasks or highvolume transactions within set rules and instructions Takes instruction and will be subject to regular local supervision of progress against results and escalates issues when required Likely to be a member of a team that focuses on daytoday routine tasks Responsible for the delivery of their own defined set of work including planning and decisionmaking Interacts with stakeholders around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Financial Accountabilities Has awareness of cost/benefit as applicable to tasks performed People Accountabilities Not typically responsible for supervising others  if they do, spends more than 80% of time as a team member rather than supervisor Not responsible for the development of others Knowledge and Applied Skills Able to perform role to the required standard within X timeframe of completion of training Up to NVQ Level 2 qualification as a minimum Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information Monday to Friday 4.45pm to 6.45pm