Title: Contract Maintenance/Line Engineers x****
Webindex: 69083250
Company: Automation Experts
Description: Contract Maintenance/Line Engineers x**** Reference: SM16008 Location: Worcestershire Salary: **** p/hr (Possible Temp to Perm Basis), Paid Overtime Available Our client are a food and beverage manufacturer in Worcestershire and they currently have two contract positions available for Maintenance Engineers. You will be multi skilled and have experience of conveyors, bottling lines and filling machinery. The key duties will be to: Manufacture and repair spare parts for machines using workshop equipment Execute PPM schedules and effectively reacting to unscheduled maintenance requirements with appropriate corrective action Execute changeovers and continuous improvement activities Diagnose and overcome operational problems, identify root cause problems Provide engineering breakdown support for the site Maintain services to the site and control the use of spare parts Maintain all electrical facilities on site and carry out electrical installation as required (as trained) PLC s used at this site are Allen Bradley and Siemens, and experience of fault finding and modications are advantageous. The site operates a **** shift system and paid overtime is available for engineers wishing to boost their wage. Both roles are contract, one being for a fixed six months initially and the other a 3 month temp to perm basis depending on suitability and performance. For further information please call Stewart Messenger on (Apply online only). Alternatively, email a copy of your current CV quoting the above reference number. A full list of live vacancies can be found on our website (url removed) Looking for a job involved with maintenance, service or design for automated machinery, control systems, process control solutions or systems integration projects? Register your details on our website where you will find a full list of live positions where a customised automated search process allows immediate access to new vacancies as they are registered. Free, confidential service. All respondents to this position must be eligible to live and work in the UK  Automation Experts are unable to assist with the award of Visas or UK Work Permits. As a registered engineer, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme where you will receive **** tax free for every engineer we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Automation Experts offer recruitment services on a contract and permanent basis; We support many of the leading companies throughout the UK. For a confidential discussion with an experienced consultant, please do not hesitate to telephone (Apply online only)