Title: Shift Leader New contract
Webindex: 72235180
Company: Invictus Group
Description: My clients who are a medium sized maintenance service provider based in the UK, the currently have a vacancy for a Shift Leader. The role is based at one of their prestigious sites in Londons Banking sector In order to apply for this role you must be able to effectively supervise the daytoday operation of the shift team and ensure the safe, effective and efficient operation of the site’s Mechanical Electrical services. You must also be able to carry out planned preventative maintenance and reactive works to building M E and fabric services. Experience and Requirements for the role: Supervision of the shift day and night engineers in accordance with my clients services, procedures and policies. Ensuring the efficient and effective operation, maintenance and repair of the sites m e plant and equipment and services. Ensure that planned preventative maintenance and reactive tasks are carried out in line with task schedules and industry best practices. Manage and organise the reactive repairs to the sites m e and fabric systems (BMS, Fire, Air Conditioning, Generators, LV Electrical Distribution, Switch Gear,) Prioritising and delegating reactive and planned preventative maintenance tasks to the shift team ensuring optimum levels of service delivery are being achieved. Ensure that planned Preventative Maintenance is carried out in line with task schedules and industry best practices Supervision of specialist service contractors: including Induction, signing off and action minor works listed on service report sheets. To build strong relationships with subcontractors, in particular preferred suppliers, to ensure cost effective solutions that meets our quality expectations can be delivered to our clients Essential Qualifications and Training for the role: Formal apprenticeship in mechanical and electrical services with relevant City and Guilds qualifications. 17th Edition electrical regulations or formally trained in mechanical services maintenance with relevant City and Guilds qualifications. Permit to Work HVAP (Desirable) Up to date skills on building management systems, fire and environmental control, building control, and health and safety. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ShiftLeaderNewcontract_job****