Title: Senior Structural Engineer
Webindex: 66595851
Company: Randstad CPE Limited
Description: Due to an expanding business and increasing workload in the housing, education, commercial and public sectors, my client is seeking a Senior Structural Engineer for their London office (within walking distance of mainline overground station and tube). Working closely with a Technical Director you will undertake design and consultancy work related to foundations and superstructures for all types and sizes of housing development, school buildings and commercial schemes. Projects are mainly contractor/developer led. This firm is a thriving Consultant Engineering Practice that has been in business over 30 years. It is Investors in People, QMS and CHAS accredited. Ideally you will be of Chartered Status and have extensive postgraduate experience, within the UK construction market. Strong preference will be given to candidates who have extensive experience of project managing and designing new build and refurbishment affordable housing and private development residential schemes. Key attributes for the successful candidate are: Extensive:  Design experience involving regeneration, housing, education and commercial schemes through the various stages from feasibility to pre planning to detailed design and delivery  Knowledge of all build forms from RC to PT and all Contract forms  Client liaison experience. Any business development experience would be a strong advantage  Project management experience, taking a scheme from tender to completion, using all the facets required to ensure a portfolio of schemes are designed and delivered innovatively, cost effectively, on time and within budget  Any experience of BIM would be an advantage You must be highly motivated with a strong will to succeed and IT literate. You will be a technically strong design engineer, have excellent communication skills, and will be comfortable taking on a role of responsibility. This position demands a candidate is seeking to go to the next level in an evolving business. The position is ideally permanent, but contract applicants will also be considered.We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.