Title: Electronics Engineer  full lifecycle, electromechanical, analogue & digital, PCB layout
Webindex: 70756593
Company: ECM Selection
Description: Electronics Engineer, full lifecycle, electromechanical, analogue digital, PCB layout, Cambridge, to ****k plus extensive benefits With this hightech company who are world leaders in their field and really believe in investing in their employees. Due to continued expansion, our client is urgently seeking a talented Electronics Engineer to work on the design and the development of new products and components used in coding and marking equipment. In this role your key tasks will include schematic creation and simulation, including the selection and creation of any new parts. You ll work with external PCB layout consultants to create PCB designs, and participate in design review and test plan development. You will have a degree (or equivalent) in Electronic Engineering or similar, and commercial experience in an electronics design role. Your technical skills/experience will include: Electronics design lifecycle from specification to production Design of electromechanical products Knowledge of PCB layout Both analogue and digital design Schematic capture and simulation In return you ll receive a superb benefits package and have the chance to develop your skills in a hightech environment. This is an excellent opportunity for a talented engineer  contact us now for full details. Keywords: electronics design, electronics engineer, analogue design, digital design, PCB layout, FPGAs, CPLDs, VHDL, electronics design lifecycle, specification, electromechanical, PCB manufacturing, testing, PCB layout, EMC, analogue, digital, PLM, schematic capture, simulation, control systems, LabVIEW, Cambridge. Please note: even if you don t have exactly the background indicated, do contact us now if this type of job is of interest  we may well have similar opportunities that you would be suited to. And of course, we always get your permission before submitting your CV to a company.