Title: Commissioning Engineer  Gas Turbines
Webindex: 69084192
Company: Fusion People Ltd
Description: Do you want to work for the market leading Power Systems contractor?? If the answer is yes, then read on These positions can be home based and will involve extensive travel in the UK and overseas. A leading power systems contractor is actively looking to recruit commissioning engineers to work within the gas turbine sector. The client is happy to consider home based engineers that will travel for projects/contracts. This role will involve extensive travel throughout the UK and overseas. You will have previously worked on V**** or similar, Siemens machines. Similar machines will also be considered. This power systems contractor work with some of the leading power organisations throughout the world. They have contracts from the UK to Asia and to the Middle East. They have a global reach that cannot be matched by their competitors. By joining this company you will be working for an organisation that can offer an excellent career path in the UK or overseas. Commissioning engineer role: Support the Operation and Maintenance of Gas and Steam Turbine, Generator, Controls system and Accessory systems. Verify, troubleshoot and maintain the correct function of gas and steam turbines, their supporting systems, and their control systems. Carry out commissioning Gas Turbine and combustor tuning. Plan, prepare reports for commissioning and combustion tuning after outages Prepare and write Gas Turbine Technical reports, technical procedures, etc. following the instruction of the Engineering Manager or Engineering Director Respond to internal and external customer requests for technical issue resolution, using technical product knowledge and analytical skills while adhering to sound engineering principles, standards, practices, procedures. Establish and maintain relationships with customers to make customer technical issues/requirements understood and addressed in a timely manner. Lead and manage root cause analysis for technical issues. Document technical data generated by the assigned project consistent with engineering policies and procedures. Prepare technical presentations for Customers ensuring the timely communication of significant issues or developments. Travel to customer locations to support customer technical review meetings. To support unplanned/forced outages to meet availability goals. Act as interface between commercial, service and repairs. Interface directly with the customer providing technical direction Candidate requirements: Bachelor s Degree or equivalent in Mechanical or Electrical Engineering is preferred with proven track record in Gas Turbine design, operation, repair, service, or installation, commissioning Knowledge of gas turbine and steam turbine controls systems, and DLN combustion system Highly technical report writing skills. Good knowledge of MS Office suite, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint. Apply now to be considered for interview.  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business