Title: Sales Engineer Mechanical Engineering Bedford
Webindex: 68806852
Company: System Recruitment Ltd
Description: Technical Sales Manager / Engineer Fluid Dynamics, Bedfordshire Job Type: Permanent Location: Bedfordshire Salary: c **** Start Date: ASAP Duration: Permanent Benefits: Car, Pension Reference: TSMechBeds An specialist engineering consultancy in the Aerospace, Automotive, Oil Gas, Offshore, Renewable energy and Nuclear sector are looking to recruit an Sales Engineer with extensive engineer to engineer sales experience in these sectors. You should have a Degree or equivalent in Mechanical Engineering and be a practical hands on engineer with experience of high temperature, high pressure corrosive fluid and sealing systems. You should have experience of testing and characterization of novel engineering devices and designs. Particularly valves, pumps, compressors, piping and hoses, and flow control devices. Your role will be to; Build and maintain relationships with key customers Understand and analyse clients needs and communicate to technical staff Work with technical and consultancy staff to prepare competitive bids and secure appropriate profitable orders Includes significant amount of travel, sometimes at short notice, within Europe and the rest of the world. Benefits will include a competitive salary in the region of **** company car and membership of the company pension scheme. The role will suit individuals currently working as a Mechanical Engineer, Technical Sales, Sales Engineer, Engineering Sales Manager and living within a commutable distance of Bedford, Milton Keynes, Bedfordshire or willing to relocate. With over 20 years of experience System Recruitment offers excellence in Permanent and Contract recruitment in a wide range of industry sectors. Though we are a generalist agency, a particular strength of ours lies in Information Technology including Technical, Sales and Managerial positions. We are able to tailor our approach to your needs in order to work effectively with you and provide real value.