Title: AUDIO VISUAL SUPPORT ENGINEER
Webindex: 67302659
Company: Adecco
Description: TECHNICAL SUPPORT ENGINEER SALARY  ****K  ****K  BONUS PERMANENT POSITION  BASED IN SURREY My client is urgently seeking a Technical Support Engineer who will deliver outstanding technical support advice and guidance to all their customers  Reseller, Installer and End Customer. Reporting to the Service Support Manager, you will be able to demonstrate comprehensive knowledge and understanding of the company s products, procedures and processes and the ability to be the champion of knowledge and best practice improving utilisation, productivity and performance as well as minimising the need for onsite service. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: (MOST IMPORTANT FIRST) Communicate professionally, accurately and effectively with all customers over the telephone, via fax or email to identify and resolve problems quickly or plan alternative resolutions. Demonstrate confidence and understanding. A keen aptitude and ability in diagnosis, problem solving at all levels of user and escalate when necessary Working through relevant systems, processes and procedures and within agreed timescales delivering measured satisfaction to the customer and company. Demonstrate broad understanding of the operational environment. Be confident and familiar with advising and troubleshooting of networks, TCP/IP issues and AV / ICT electronic equipment. Able to apply abstract theories to practical problems and escalate where appropriate Making decisions on the basis of personal judgement and experience with ownership, accountability and responsibility Ensure all appropriate systems and documentation are accurately updated, recorded and in a timely manner. Maintain a keen awareness of market and technology trends Make proactive contact with customers regarding any outstanding queries that are more than seven days old to conclude if the customer requires further action. QUALIFICATIONS, EXPERIENCE AND EXPERTISE: Essential Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills verbal and written Good understanding of networks, IP/TCP and also AV. Collaborative team focused individual, but able to work on own initiative  World Class attitude to excellence in customer service. Capable of putting together technical documents/FAQs under guidance. Desirable Previous experience network and possibly AV Inquisitive and pragmatic  not afraid to challenge the status quo Organised, methodical and pragmatic MS Office literate. Contact with others: Externally  End Customers (e.g. Teachers, ICT Technicians) Resellers, Installers, Vendors, Service Partners. Internally  Account teams, Product Managers, other colleagues in Innovations. Challenges and opportunities Recognise and own the first point of contact when something has failed. Often this will require tact and diplomacy under considerable pressure. An objective of the role is to resolve these issues real time over the telephone and reduce dissatisfaction, field service activity and units requiring return or replacement. A highly flexible attitude in Customer diagnosis and support handling  going the extra mile and a can do attitude JOB REF: NT/****/P To apply please email your CV or telephone Nikki on (Apply online only) Adecco is an equal opportunities employer Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy