Title: Principal Engineer Body Development and Materials
Webindex: 69799565
Company: Futura Design LTD
Description: Job Description Material body engineering development are critical to the delivery of AML product creation. This role is responsible for the engineering targets, process, design verification planning and execution for all body engineering and body materials physical test sign off. This extends from the development of cosmetic finishes to meet design aspirations to the advancement of body engineering joining technologies. It covers various performance attributes from water management to mechanical durability. The job exists to ensure the robust test, development and sign off of body engineering performance targets. Key Responsibilities and Tasks: Assess and continually improve the body materials development processes. Particularly lead the development of a process to take design aspirations and make them into real, robust product offers. Lead a team of engineers in the execution of these processes. Lead the development of body engineering joining technologies, including the continued advancement of our body structures and BIW construction. Act as a consultant on the selection and implementation of materials across PD and design. Continue to develop manage the body engineering test facilities, i.e. the materials laboratory at Woodlands and the body development lab in the prototype workshop. Support body PMTs PATs in component material selection, specifications for engineering drawings and design verification target setting. Support the generation of targets at all levels from component to full vehicle to ensure robust engineering performance for all attributes in all real world applications of our products. Responsible for the execution of all materials body development testing. Control body engineering drawing sign off of materials. Support, where appropriate, testing and issue investigation across other departments – TVM, quality, manufacturing etc. Lead the research and development of new technologies to support the continuous improvement in all our body performance targets, particularly enabling technologies to achieve mass reduction and improved efficiency of the body structure. Desired Skills Experience Applicants must hold a valid work permit and possess the following skills and experience: Extensive experience in product engineering with emphasis on the development of new materials technology and materials testing. Experience of leadership or clear evidence of leadership ability. Engineering degree. Intuitive knowledge of fundamental materials and mechanical engineering. Knowledge of body engineering joining systems, specifically bonded structures and testing methods (both virtual and physical) is essential. Proven ability to manage multiple demands on time and priorities. Evidence of a rigorous approach to detailed design and development and an analytical and systematic approach to problem solving. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PrincipalEngineerBodyDevelopmentandMaterials_job****