Title: Engineering Manager  (Vehicles)
Webindex: 69687090
Company: Suite A2
Description: Engineering Manager to ****circa Based Surrey We are currently seeking an Engineering Manager who has worked extensivley within vehicle product development / design lead environments, as follows: Job Purpose/Scope of Role: Ensure the Engineering Departments timely infrastructure execution and delivery assurance through adherence to the ISO9000 procedures. Key Responsibilities and Duties: Develop and maintain project timing plans for the engineering aspects of key company projects. Arrange engineering review meetings in accordance with the engineering project timing plans and ISO9000 procedures. Minute and progress chase engineering review meeting actions. Ensure timely engineering releases in line with the engineering project timing plan. Manage the engineering hours spent on projects versus budget. Manage the Engineering Works Orders (EWO), Problem Investigation / Change Requests (PICR) and Engineering Change (EC) progression through the Engineering Department. Direct Reports: Design Lead Engineers for Seats, Armouring and Vehicles. Qualifications, Knowledge, Skills, Experience: Experience of managing design engineering resource. A background in either an automotive and/or defence engineering environment. Ability to think in a precise and logical manner on engineering and project related issues. Knowing when to escalate issues and/or deal with them as and when they occur. I depth knowledge and use of MS Project and other MS Office applications. Knowledge of working within ISO9000 procedures. Engineering degree qualified. Preferably a Chartered Engineer or heading towards Chartered Engineer status. Preferably hands on knowledge of Solidworks. Person Specification: Eligible for UK Security Clearance to minimum SC Personable, articulate and selfconfident with excellent relationship building, interpersonal and influencing skills Selfmotivated, a selfstarter and flexible with a can do attitude Demonstrates core competencies: Team player and respect for others Professional Customerfocused Flexibility and effectiveness under pressure Resultsfocused Communication and listening Integrity and morality When applying for this role, please indicate your current salary (plus benefits package), minimum salary required, notice period and your reasons for wishing to move from your current company. Alliance Consulting is acting as an employment agency in this respect. Alliance Consulting specialise in the placement of engineers throughout the UK. By sending us your CV you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your personal data on a computer database and/or in manual files for the purpose of evaluating your application for employment. This processing will be carried out in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act **** By applying for this role you hereby consent to us submitting your CV to our client. If you do not wish your CV to be sent to our client then you must clearly state this to us. Equally, if there are any companies that you do not wish your CV to be sent to (for whatever reason), then please let us know of this when you apply.