Title: Systems Engineer  V Model, Comms, ITIL, MODAF
Webindex: 71444631
Company: Executive Recruitment Services
Description: Systems Engineer  V Model, Comms, ITIL, MODAF Gloucester A major Defence organisation are looking to secure the services of a Systems Engineer at their site in Gloucester. Systems Engineer  V Model, Comms, ITIL, MODAF Responsibilities   Performs technical planning, system integration, verification and validation, cost and risk, and supportability and effectiveness analyses for total systems.  Analyses are performed at all levels of total system product to include  concept, design, fabrication, test, installation, operation, maintenance and disposal. Ensures the logical and systematic conversion of customer or product requirements into total systems solutions that acknowledge technical, schedule, and cost constraints.  Performs functional analysis, timeline analysis, detail trade studies, requirements allocation and interface definition studies to translate customer requirements into hardware and software specifications. Senior DV Cleared Systems Engineer Required Skills   Experience as a system engineer in programs that encompassed systems architecture, requirements analysis, configuration control and quality management, design, development, integration, test, deployment, and transition into operations, and demonstrated competence in at least **** of the prementioned disciplines.  Understanding of the systems engineering V model.  Knowledge and understanding of communications environments and technologies, with specific focus on webbased media.  Ability to adjust, sort and distinguish priorities  a flexible approach to tasks.  Ability to both work as a member of a team and take ownership of an assignment through to completion.  Experience in processoriented job roles, and demonstrated ability to function in process driven environments. Desired Skills   Background of successful delivery in project environments.  Demonstrated experience of operating in complex telecommunications and software development environments.  Working knowledge of ITIL.  PRINCE II/APM Qualifications.  Working knowledge of the principles of systems architecting, and background in the application of MODAF to systems engineering challenges.  Potential to develop to provide technical leadership in Project Management environments. Are you currently DV cleared or able to achieve this level of clearance? Then we need to speak with you Email your CV to steve_dignumers.co.uk or call Steve on **** **** **** ****