Title: Maintenance Engineer (Mechanical)
Webindex: 68347489
Company: Consilium Group Limited
Description: MAINTENANCE ENGINEER (Mechanical) As part of a major engineering group with a superb pedigree, this specialist designer and manufacturer of high specification engineered metal components are at the forefront of technical excellence, manufacturing standards and bespoke solutions for sectors including; aerospace, automotive and energy. Due to continued success they now have a requirement for a Maintenance Engineer (Mechanical) to predominantly provide preventative maintenance support within a fast paced manufacturing environment. The Role The successful candidate will be tasked with carrying out preventative maintenance work across the plant, working in conjunction with other maintenance members to increase machine productivity through implementation of preventative maintenance activities. Applications must have proven experience of providing mechanical maintenance support within a fast paced manufacturing environment, applicants must have working knowledge of CNC machining centres. You will posses a strong work ethic and have the drive and enthusiasm to progress within this well renowned engineering organisation. This is a day s based position, Monday to Friday. To Apply The salary for this position is ****  **** plus bonus, overtime, life assurance, pension and share save scheme. This position offers the opportunity to join a global organisation with significant stability and potential if desired. For more information send your CV: jcharlettcgl.eu.com If this role is not for you but may suit someone you know then Consilium Group can offer you a very competitive referral incentive. Please contact us for details. Consilium Group is a specialist recruitment company working within the Automotive, Aerospace, Manufacturing and Engineering sectors. With over **** year s industry specific experience, Consilium Group was established to service and support the recruitment requirements of modern businesses and career driven candidates. Important: Please note Consilium Group is only able to place into employment candidates that have a valid EU passport, a European Economic Area (EEA) passport or a valid UK work visa. Keywords: Maintenance Engineer, Maintenance Technician, Mechanical Maintenance, Maintenance Fitter, Mechanical Maintenance, Service Engineer, Service Technician, CNC, Maintenance Engineer, Maintenance Technician, Mechanical Maintenance, Maintenance Fitter, Mechanical Maintenance, Service Engineer, Service Technician, CNC.