Title: Commissioning amp; Startup Specialist
Webindex: 68179523
Company: Petroplan Ltd.
Description: World class Oil amp; Gas EPC contractor is looking for an experienced Commissioning and StartUp Specialist to work on a longterm contract basis (812 months) out of there offices in Surrey before moving to site in Saudi Arabia for 1824 months. Roles amp; Responsibilities; The role of the Commissioning and StartUp Specialist is to be a key member of the Coordination Team and directly contribute to the successful startup of the entire Project. In this respect the position will be involved in and be a contributor in the following areas; Preparation and development of deliverables in line with the approved Plant StartUp Sequence. These include;  Preparing Inter Area System (IAS) drawings in Visio.  Preparing scheduling workflow drawings for each IAS.  Preparing Commissioning Procedures.  Working closely with the Team Scheduler in all aspects of building the Integrated Commissioning amp; StartUp schedule for the Site.  Liaising and coordination with Owner Unit PreCommissioning, Commissioning and StartUp Leaders and their Team members. Initially based in the design office in Surrey UK the selected candidate maybe required to travel to various other design offices and will then be expected to mobilize for an extensive period to the site office in Saudi Arabia. Experience Required;  At least 7 years experience of working in the petrochemical industry preferably with exposure to the construction, precommissioning, commissioning and startup phases of work.  In addition, experience should include periods of work in the design office in the planning and preparation of precommissioning and commissioning execution strategies, schedules and procedures.  Commissioning experience in other sectors such as oil amp; gas, power, nuclear etc. will be considered.  Demonstrable strong uptodate knowledge of precommissioning and commissioning methods and procedures, as well as acceptance and completion activities.  Have a strong understanding of the issues around the interfaces between process units and utilities distribution and isolation (Battery Limit) methods.  Fully appreciate the safety issues and safe working practices in the transition between the different phases of site execution.  Have an understanding of multidiscipline work and the relationships and dependencies between, process, utilities, infrastructure, electrical and control systems etc.  The candidate must be comfortable working in both the design office and on site and will be IT capable. In this respect the candidate will be able to create and manage spreadsheets and work with databases as well as develop simple schematics and flow diagrams in Visio. Education Required;  It is expected that the candidate will possess a Chemical Engineering or other relevant discipline Degree and preferably be a Chartered Engineer, however longer experience with other qualifications such as HND/HNC will be considered. HQ**** About Petroplan: Petroplan is a global organisation which specialises in connecting skilled professionals with exceptional contract and permanent career opportunities throughout the oil, gas and energy industry. This has been our focus since Petroplan was formed in **** Our company aim isn t to be the largest industry recruitment specialist but rather the best. As such, our recruitment services, contractor management and specialised support is tailored to meet the individual needs of candidates, contractors and clients. Petroplan s local offices across Europe, the Middle East, North America, AsiaPacific, Africa and Australasia support projects throughout forty countries. Our client portfolio includes multinational companies, together with niche organisations focusing on a specialist discipline or location.