Title: Manufacturing Engineering Manager
Webindex: 65188953
Company: SG Group
Description: Job title Manufacturing Engineering Manager – Injection Moulding Keywords Automotive, Injection Moulding, Engineering, Tooling, Vac Form, Extrusions Market Sector Automotive, Manufacturing Skills Sector Automotive Engineering, Lean, Kaizan, CI, Process Improvement Job location South Midlands Job salary **** Job term Perm The Role To manage the ongoing development of all Process Engineering and Maintenance functions, driving change and continuous improvement throughout the manufacturing operation with full departmental budget accountability. Implement strategic goals and objectives quickly and then determine the skill gaps to create a forward thinking, programme focused, continuous improvement teams. Responsibilities  Represent Manufacturing in new product introduction and change control.  Interface between Product Engineering and Operations  Specification and introduction of capable manufacturing processes and equipment into site, following lean principles and a PM level strategy.  Ensure process stability is measured and maintained  Provide Engineering support to Operations.  Interact with Quality and Production to ensure agreement on priorities.  Continuously understand current asset condition and process performance.  Run a programme of improvement and cost reduction.  Deliver control level engineering support and corrective work on current assets and systems  Leadership and deployment of Manufacturing Engineer resource  Leading the development of Manufacturing Engineers  Plus any other ad hoc duties required to fulfill the job role Skills Qualifications  Experience of working within a JIT high volume manufacturing environment with specific experience of automated assembly/injection moulding processes is an essential prerequisite  Experience in either the Automotive OEM or leading 1st tier sector is essential  Self motivated, well organised individual with strong leadership and people management skills  Experience of managing multidisciplined manufacturing related teams Kaizan, Lean and **** Sigma  Ideally qualified to degree level in an Engineering/Manufacturing discipline  Excellent communication and presentation skills  Firm believer in the principles of Continuous Improvement and Common Sense Manufacturing The Client: Our client is a leading global 1st tier automotive injectionmoulding supplier. With over **** employees based at its premier site in the Midlands and a turnover in excess of 300m per annum they are a wellestablished successful supplier with an impressive pedigree. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ManufacturingEngineeringManager_job****