Title: Junior Onsite AV Technician
Webindex: 65186504
Company: Creative Personnel
Description: Junior Onsite AV Technician Are you based in London and looking for a role working with a professional company within the field of Audio Visual support services? If the answer is yes then my client would love to speak to you immediately. They are keen to find a Junior AV Onsite technician to work at one of their flagship locations in London providing AV support services as required across a large AV estate and a number of meeting conference rooms. You will be required to support their videoconferencing facilities as and when required, so familiarity with Crestron, Tandberg, Polycom and Cisco equipment are required along with setting up and running powerpoint presentations, using projectors and interactive screens / whiteboards as well as fast fold screens. You should be competent in other general areas of AV such as sound and lighting and video, including setting up small PA`s and wireless microphones for small presentations or seminars and meetings. The role of Junior Onsite AV Technician requires being able to deal with a wide range of people including international visitors as well as company directors and senior members of staff through to members of the public, so your customer service and presentation skills must be of the highest standards along with your ability to work well with others. For this role ideally you will have at least **** year of previous experience working as an onsite AV technician and have worked in a similar environment. You should be a natural communicator and have an aptitude for technology as well as some troubleshooting skills for general audio visual faults and issues as well as ensuring that any Video conference meetings take place and that the equipment is correctly configured. Ultimately this is a Junior Onsite AV technician role so training will be provided for the right candidate. So if you are looking for a new role as an Onsite AV Technician and have previous experience in the industry and are keen to work at a high profile site with an industry leading AV / VC company, then simply send your CV immediately for an instant response. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/JuniorOnsiteAVTechnician_job****