Title: Mould Systems Engineer
Webindex: 71819382
Company: Mansell Recruitment Group
Description: The Company A large internationally established plastics injection firm with a wide range of customers spanning across the globe. The Role A fantastic permanent career opportunity for a highly skilled injection moulding engineer with both a passion for and high technical working knowledge of injection mould processing. Working as part of a technical team on new business and production projects. Key Accountabilities You will have ownership of all allocated activities within the moulding element of NPU and production development activities Coordinate process development/optimisation for injection mould tools and ancillary equipment Conduct process validations in accordance with internal procedures and external regulatory requirements. Monitor/trend the production process and product quality and resolve both process and production related problems on a daytoday basis as well as on a long term basis. Carry out data analysis, protocols and the coherent communication of information to all internal and external customers. Identify strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats. Support Manufacturing Engineering with injection mould related activities Support the Development, QA and Operations Departments in any continuous improvement projects, influencing and monitoring any specific key objectives. Take a lead role in production and technical projects. Have a handson approach to understanding and solving engineering problems. The Candidate Are you a competent Injection Moulding technician with a wealth of experience in process optimisation, NPI and hands on exposure to injection moulding machines/processes? If so, continue reading: Currently seeking an apprenticeship served, engineer, and holding a formal, relevant qualification (plastics processing and/or materials technology) with a demonstrable track record of completing formal training in plastics processing (BPTA, G the bigger picture The Package **** per annum  a competitive benefits package. We operate & advertise as an Employment Agency for permanent positions and as an Employment Business for contract/temporary positions