Title: Project Manager (materials team leader)
Webindex: 67764792
Company: Groomfield Recruitment Ltd
Description: Materials Engineer  Materials Engineer  Materials Engineer  Materials Engineer  Materials Team Leader Location: Kidderminster Salary: **** Employment Type: PERM. The Position An outstanding career opportunity is now available with one of the paramount rocket motor/ solid propellant manufacturers in the UK. The position available is for a Projects Manager to work within the companies outstanding chemical engineering facilities and drive forward the development of improved materials and their associated manufacturing processes. As a project manager you will be lead of the materials team which has specific responsibility for the research and development of materials to meet the demanding requirements found in their rocket motors. These requirements include chemical, physical, erosion, ballistic, thermal and mechanical properties under extreme pressure, temperature, vibration and age. Liaising proactively with other teams, suppliers and customers, the Project Manager will ensure timescales, resources and costs are managed to produce timely and effective project delivery. Skill required Candidates must be proficient in Polymer chemistry including solutions, polymerisation, phase behaviour, thermal and mechanical behaviour, fracture and toughening, effect of additives and degeneration. Characterising properties of ingredients and finishing materials. Formulating polymeric insulation/inhibition materials to meet design requirements. Preparation of budgets. Moulding, extrusion and casting of polymeric based components Production process control and improvement techniques. Project management/reporting/reviews. Coordinating suppliers. Liaising with other specialists. Applicants must have a degree or equivalent in chemistry/engineering with at least 5 years industrial experience. Benefits Benefits will include a competitive **** 33 days annual holiday, free on site parking, contributory pension and relative corporate benefits. If you are genuinely looking for a great opportunity with one of the most exceptional manufacturers in the UK or have any further questions or queries please don t hesitate to contact Groomfield via the email or the numbers provided. Materials Engineer  Materials Engineer  Materials Engineer  Materials Engineer