Title: Technical Support Engineer  SharePoint Administration, Wintel  Windsor, Windsor and Maidenhead
Webindex: 66583762
Company: Randstad
Description: Technical Support Engineer  Wintel, SharePoint Administration, SharePoint ****0****0  Berkshire. An experienced Technical Support Engineer with an outstanding technical awareness and a strong background in Microsoft technologies (SharePoint Administration, preferably SharePoint 2010 and Wintel). Is required for a brand new role with one the UK s fastest growing medical health engineering companies. The role of Technical Support Engineer is a brand new role that has been created to address the needs of a growing business. It is seen a business critical hire within a small established Technical Support Team and enjoys high visibility throughout the organisations. As the technical Support Engineer your prime responsibility is to provide support, implementation and service provision for both internal and external customers, supported by the business group. Your responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: Maintaining the server and network infrastructure hardware and software. Troubleshoot and provide solutions for infrastructure issues Provide system recommendations Act as lead administrator for the company s SharePoint systems Deputise when needed for the Director of Infrastructure amp; Operations. The successful candidate will be Degree educated (2:1 or above) Computer Science and will demonstrate advanced proficiency with Microsoft products. Previous experience in a Wintel environment, ideally using the latest generation of industry standard hardware and software and experience of administering a SharePoint system, preferably SharePoint 2010 is essential for this role and experience with the HP hardware range (including client and server hardware) and networking skills based around Cisco products would be a distinct advantage. A self starting and process oriented individual with excellent communication skills and strong problem solving skills, you will thrive when working within a fast moving and ever changing environment, often delivering to immovable deadlines. The company provides an environment that is supportive and knowledge sharing and you will gain a unique sense of empowerment, because your contribution will be recognised from day one. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills amp; qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. Skills Technical Support Engineer SharePoint Sharepoint 2010 administration microsoft hp hardware server cisco networking Microsoft administrator administration