Title: Multi Skilled Maintenance Engineer x ****
Webindex: 68294007
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Job Overview: Our client has retained our services to look to appoint for **** x Multi Skilled Maintenance Engineer working a day shift for initially a 6 month contract but could be extended. As Maintenance Engineer, you will have strong electrical/mechanical applications with proven experience of problem solving, fault finding and repairing of injection moulding production machines, automated systems and assembly lines. You must have had some involvement with hydraulics and / or pneumatics. The ideal candidate will have up to date 16th /17th edition qualifications, C G or ONC within an engineering discipline. You must have recent experience as a Multi Skilled Maintenance Engineer working within the injection moulding manufacturing environment. Key Words: Multi Skilled Maintenance Engineer, Maintenance Engineer, Electrical Maintenance Engineer, PLC programming, 16th edition, 17th edition, Electric Engineer Note:Due to the sheer volume of applications we receive, we will only contact successful applications. Therefore if you have not heard from us within **** working days please deem your application as unsuccessful. Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UKLawsonKeys  2013 Recruitment Sponsor to PRWTechnical Engineering Manufacturing Recruitment Specialist  Plastics PackagingLawsonKeys Ltd are acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. In compliance with the new regulations (April ****) in place under the Employment Agencies Act, LawsonKeys Ltd will require proof of identification. A current copy of a passport, driving licence, ID card or NI card will be required as part of the registration process. Email and faxed copies are acceptable.LawsonKeys has been designed to project manage the mechanics of all aspects concerning the recruitment processes, implementing a simple and succinct method for targeting and introducing bona fide and skilled candidates to reputable clients and potential employers.If this advertised position does not interest you, please consider our other opportunities by sending your updated CV outlining your achievements and your personal requisites, ie salary, location, job roles