Title: Mechanical Design Engineer  Subsea (ProE SW) Middlesbrough
Webindex: 68806284
Company: Flow Control Engineering Solutions Ltd
Description: Mechanical Design Engineer  Subsea (ProE SW) Middlesbrough Ref. ****JHOB ****k  Excellent Benefits and Training. Chartered Status Etc.  Market leading Blue Chip Company that supplies hydraulic engineering solutions into the Oil Gas, Renewables and Power Generation Industries.  Ideally suited to an innovative and technically strong Design Engineer who wants a new challenge and is comfortable working on conceptual design projects that involve a great deal of FEA.  We have has success in the past recruiting design engineers from the following backgrounds. Fluid Handling, Hydraulics, Pumps, Seals, Couplings.  The vacancy will form part of a growing team focussed on New Product Development    RD    Mechanical Design Engineering using Pro Engineer and Solidworks The company have experienced dramatic growth even through recent challenging times and are continuing to expand and invest. They are maintaining a constant focus on innovative new product development and are looking to increase the mechanical design team by at least one more hire. They are a global operation with a $100million turnover and provide innovative niche solution to a range of essential industries. Job security and career progression are both readily available within this organisation as well as a structured technical training programme that will easily allow the successful candidate to work toward Chartership. The ideal candidate will be a Design Engineer or New Product Development Engineer who is looking for a fresh challenge within an exciting and dynamic company. You will be involved in the design process for various mechanical components, heavily focused around customers requirements. You should have experience of undertaking a customer facing role and be adept at high level conceptual involvement involving the extensive use of hand calculations and FEA. You will be given full project autonomy to handle the design process right from conception to production as well as taking on budgetary control. The successful candidates will be able to demonstrate knowledge in the following areas:  Bachelors Degree or equivalent in Mechanical Engineering is preferred but not required  Proficient in using ProEngineer ****D or Solidworks computer aided design.  Working knowledge of Structural Analysis using first principles and FEA packages (ProMechanica / ANSYS).  Proficient with MS office applications, particularly Word, Excel, Outlook. Alternative Job Titles: Senior Design Engineer / New Product Development (ProE) / Mechanical Design Engineer / Senior Mechanical Design Engineer / Oil Gas / Machined Services / Power Generation / Pro E / Pro Engineer / FEA / Pumps / Hydraulics / Seals