Title: Technical Sales Development Engineer
Webindex: 69538594
Company: Candidate Source
Description: Technical Sales Development Engineer Redditch Salary circa **** plus sales commission An immediate, permanent opportunity has arisen to join a leading supplier of testing equipment in the Redditch area. The requirement is for an experienced Technical Sales Development Engineer to focus sales activity on a new line of specialist electronic equipment which is predominantly used within the aerospace, defence, medical and automotive industries. Joining a small subsidiary of a global company who are specialists in quality control and testing equipment for specific applications, the successful candidate will be responsible for generating sales of a new product range. The role will be predominantly office based with occasional need to undertake customer visits as necessary. To succeed in the role, candidates should have previous experience of driving sales of a strong but unestablished product range and be able to show the following skills and experiences:  Previous technical sales experience with proven ability to develop sales of new products  Ability to interpret and explain technical information  Computer literacy  Self motivated  Well developed client facing skills  A full UK Driving Licence.  Ability to cover the UK as required (including overnight stays when necessary) Any specific experience of testing or control equipment and/or detailed knowledge of calibration, instrumentation or specific use technical equipment would prove be a distinct advantage In return there is the chance to join a very successful UK division of a major company who serve an established and stable market and have a strong reputation. A basic salary in the region of **** per annum, dependent on skills and experience will be offered, together with an uncapped commission structure. As the role progresses there is scope to secure a company car, fuel card, laptop and mobile phone. In addition there is pension provision, a generous floating holiday entitlement and the opportunity to make a real impact on the next stage of your career. Please forward a current CV as soon as possible to be considered. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website