Title: RF/Avionic Technician
Webindex: 70691626
Company: ARM
Description: RF/ELECTRONICS REPAIR AND TEST ENGINEER  MIDDLESEX UP TO ****  BENEFITS Our client is recruiting for an RF or Electronics Repair and Test Engineer to join their Aviation workshop. You will be involved in the repair and overhaul a wide range of Communications, Navigation, Radar, Audio and control panels to component level. This role requires working with technologies ranging from analogue electronics to complex microprocessor electronics with the main focus on the repair of RF circuits. Main Duties/Responsibilities 'Undertake precise mechanical work and electronics repair including through hole and surface mounted components. 'Complete fault finding, repair and testing process using specialised and generalpurpose test equipment 'Undertake work in accordance with the manufacture's component maintenance manual and regulatory approvals and the company's quality system. 'Complete accurate and legible repair records and ensure they are filed in a timely manner. 'Maintain an agreed level of quality and cost effectiveness, ensuring accuracy and safety standards are met. Candidates should be able to demonstrate skills including extensive experience in repair of electronic circuits, extensive knowledge of RF circuits and the repair thereof, experienced in the use of electronic test equipment, soldering skills both surface mount and through hole components. You will have a detailed understanding of repair documentation and schematic diagrams and be fully conversant/understand UK and US terminology in technical manuals Previous experience with an Avionics repairer and overhaul provider is desirable aswell as previously worked in lean/processchange environments. Good working knowledge of aircraft systems with Aviation or Military background. Candidates must have excellent eye sight without any colour blindness and due to the nature of the industry you will hold a British passport and be eligible for security clearance. Please send your CV and covering letter of experience and suitability to sharonparm.co.uk This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. We will never send your CV without your permission.