Title: Construction Estimator  Timber Engineering / Timber Frame
Webindex: 72440864
Company: ARV Solutions.
Description: Estimator / Quantity Surveyor  timber frame / timber engineering / SIPS West Midlands **** flexible to attract :: Are you an experienced Estimator or Quantity Surveyor with experience of the timber frame industry? :: Are you accustomed to working to challenging quality and timebased targets and on a range of projects? :: Are you seeking an opportunity to progress your career? Growing offsite manufacturer for the construction sector seeking to expand their Commercial team. The company designs, manufactures and installs a variety of building structures from SIPS panels, including currently social housing, education and healthcare. This leading company have been making major investments for growth and are seeing a strong pick up in their work loads, particularly on larger projects. SIPS are a growing area of offsite construction for the many benefits they bring. They seek a commerciallyaware individual, Quantity Surveyor or Estimator experience and ideally who has worked in timber frame or similar. You will be working to respond to enquiries with accurate and costeffective estimates within the timescales required. Using your excellent communication skills, you will be liaising closely with clients to gain a sound understanding of requirements and have a close involvement with contract issues (eg approval of contract documentation, issuing tenders to potential subcontractors, evaluating variations etc) and preparing monthly valuations and final accounts. Requirements for the role:  Experience as Estimator and/or Quantity Surveyor  Strong commercial awareness  Prior experience within timber frame, SIPS, timber engineering preferred  Strong communication skills with both colleagues and clients  Potential and drive for career progression  Effective and professional communication skills and the ability to establish/maintain good working relationships at all levels  Strong organisation/administration skills, able to attend to several tasks simultaneously within a fastpaced manufacturing environment  Exceptional attention to detail we would be looking for candidates who are able to meet most, if not all the above Key skills may include: Estimator, Quantity Surveyor, timber frame, SIPS, timber engineering, construction This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ConstructionEstimatorTimberEngineeringTimberFrame_job****