Title: Manufacturing Engineer  Injection Moulding
Webindex: 69568721
Company: Austin Fraser Ltd
Description: Austin Fraser are seeking to appoint a Manufacturing Engineer with a background in plastic injection moulding or medical devices for a truly global manufacturer of a vast range of products worldwide. The business is divisionalised into a variety of sectors with this particular opportunity being on the medical devices/equipment side of the business which has seen consistent growth and development in the last 30 years. Our clients teams are split into electronics and mechanical teams with this appointment focusing on the mechanical components. As Manufacturing Engineer you will be responsible for overseeing projects from NPI to improving current and Legacy product lines. As the majority of manufacturing, including injection moulding is either subcontracted or at our clients other worldwide sites you will be required to coordinate and resolve manufacturing issues remotely and in conjunction with some 1st tier suppliers. You should be have solid knowledge and proven experience of both PFMEA's and coordinating medium to high volume manufacturing projects within a regulated environment. Any experience of medical devices or equipment including process validation and change control would be beneficial but not essential. New BOM's will need to be created and logged within the companies SAP system, again prior experience of this or similar ERP software would be a preference. The company is constantly striving to improve its methods using statistical analysis and tools both on its lines, throughout component supply and all the way through the operation. Six Sigma qualification or experience would rank highly on our clients list, qualified or certified. A Degree, HNC/HND or comparable experience is required. This vacancy is an immediate appointment, please apply at your earliest convenience and I will call you to discuss your application further. The client is looking to conduct interviews early Feb with a view to making an appointment ASAP.