Title: Contract) Project Engineer / Manager
Webindex: 70212248
Company: Staffline
Description: My client is a world renowned leader in the Consumer Goods Marketplace, committed to Manufacturing Excellence . Working through both innovation and investment, their product range is second to none. Business potential is excellent and the company has entered a period of cultural change that has facilitated the need for a Project Engineer to work at a prestigious manufacturing facility in the The Midlands. This key role is responsible for managing the planning and implementation of capital and revenue projects, ensuring they are delivered on time and to budget Role: Reporting directly into the Project Manager, you will have complete autonomy to deliver pragmatic, value engineered projects to cost and time specification in accordance with company policy. You will ensure compliance with all safety legislation including CDM (Construction Design Management Regulations. You will coach, mentor and develop your multifunctional teams of engineers and design/ draughtsmen to ensure successful delivery of projects. Ensure the provision of all necessary documentation to enable compliance through the Asset Life Cycle. To procure equipment through internal and external resourcing functions including Group Purchasing. The projects will cover factory equipment including packaging, processing and site activities. You will lead engineering and production teams during equipment installation and start up. Requirements: You will ideally be a graduate engineer, mechanical or electrical bias, with a minimum of 4 years experience from within the Food/Drink Pharma or Consumer Goods marketplace Development for this role would include worldwide opportunities within senior factory engineering positions within **** or 3 years This is a very high profile role which will require the successful candidate to think and operate on a strategic level in terms of concept design but also have the desire and passion to drive results through project delivery on a daily basis Strong communication, influencing, planning and organising skills are key to the success of this role The ideal candidate will be a methodical and detailed worker, extremely achievement and career focussed and able to working in a direct and often pressurised environment