Title: Business Analyst  Skipton, North Yorkshire
Webindex: 68805457
Company: Randstad
Description: Business Analyst Skipton pound; ****  **** A leading financial services organisation based in Skipton require a talented Business Analyst to join their impressive IT team. The purpose of this role is: The Business Analyst (BA) will work as a liaison among stakeholders, you will be responsible for the delivery of the reporting suite to relevant stakeholders including Clients, internal stakeholders, Regulators and other third parties. You will be able to elicit, analyse, interpret, validate, communicate and challenge reporting requirements and work with internal work stream leads to understand the best way to present and deliver any reporting. The BA will take responsibility for the day to day management of key client stakeholders by forming relationships to ensure that the reporting requirements are clearly understood, impact assessed and a mechanism is in place to ensure that once the project moves to Business as Usual, any reporting delivered to time/quality/contractual expectations. You will also understand business processes, problems and opportunities in the context of the requirements and recommends solutions that enable the organisation to achieve its goals. To be successful in this role it is essential that you have:  Strong Business Analysis skills including requirements gathering, conducting user interviews, translating requirements.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills  Excellent stakeholder management skills The challenges and opportunities this role will provide are wide ranging and will provide the successful candidate with experience in all areas of the business, its clients and third parties. The successful candidate will need to be a fast learner, adaptable and dedicated in order to cope with a broad amp; challenging role. If you have previous business analysis experience and are looking to join a market leader offering career progression and training then please send in your CV for immediate consideration. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills amp; qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. Skills quot;business analyst quot;, quot;stakeholder management quot;, quot;business analysis quot;, quot;requirements gathering quot;, quot;work stream quot;