Title: Graduate Systems Hardware Engineer
Webindex: 68805253
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Our client are a major manufacturer of defence communications and electronic systems. They are currently seeking a graduate level candidate to work with them on developing new technologies in this sector. Important Graduate level candidate with systems and hardware engineering experience related to digital and RF technologies. The Job Purpose of Job Junior Systems/Hardware Engineer to develop in house talent specific for the needs of the Force Protection business unit. Specifying equipment level system requirements and system solutions. Designing hardware, incorporating processing and RF module level designs. The successful applicant will be required to undergo an enhanced security clearance and employment in the post is dependent on the required clearance being achieved. Key Responsibilities; Reporting to the Systems Engineering Team Leader, the Graduate Systems Engineer with work at project level with Engineering Authorities and through mentoring will develop both Systems and Equipment level specialist engineering knowledge in support of the business unit. The Systems Engineer will be expected to play a key role in the following activities: Systems Engineering; Provide system engineering support to investigation and definition of radio based systems and architectures for inclusion in project bids. Continue design and development of such architectures throughout the project development phase. Specification amp; Documentation; Authoring specifications from requirements documents and compiling supporting documentation and records in the design life cycle. Analysing customer requirements and forming compliancy against our standard and future products. Design Approval amp; Verification; Compiling design proving test specifications and test plans. Design proving products by using internal test facilities and external test houses. Hardware Development; Digital and Analogue Design amp; Schematic Capture. Designing Analogue and Digital hardware, incorporating op amp design, filter design and capturing designs using the company s schematic capture tools. Using MATLAB and DSP tools to perform successful DSP implementation of waveforms. Also supporting the design through to manufacture using the company procedures and systems. Peer Review; Reviewing engineering designs using the company verification review process. Professional/Educational qualifications Degreequalified in an Engineering, Physics or a similar discipline or equivalent relevant experience. Prior experience required; The successful candidate will preferably have had some relevant technical experience, having conducted systems and hardware engineering tasks related to digital and RF technologies however it is not expected that candidates will be experts at all aspects of the job, Recent involvement or interest in developments with respect to the following topics is desirable : System architecture design (Desirable) Detailed requirements analysis and generation of validation/verification criteria (Desirable) DSP development techniques (Desirable) Digital and or Analogue Hardware Development (Desirable) MATLAB modelling and analysis (Desirable) Radio Based Architectures (Desirable) To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK