Title: Nuclear Technology Engineer, Warrington
Webindex: 68364264
Company: Beechwood Recruitment Limited
Description: NUCLEAR TECHNOLOGY ENGINEER ENGINEERING CONSULTANCY WARRINGTON (other locations may be considered) We have an excellent opportunity for a Nuclear Technology Engineer to join an expanding team that performs technical analysis work primarily in support of nuclear power applications. Analysis undertaken includes thermal, structural materials and reactor physics, and is applied to existing stations, newbuild and decommissioning projects. The role will involve: ,X Liaising with clients to define requirements for analysis; ,X Performing engineering analysis work for wide range of engineering problems; ,X Working in a quality focussed environment and undertaking quality assurance activities; ,X Project management and client handling; ,X Communicating findings to customers The successful candidate will possess a good degree or PhD in Engineering or related discipline and you will have a strong understanding of fundamental engineering principles. Experience in power generation or nuclear related work is desirable. An ability to think laterally to solve complex technical problems is also important. Quality is of utmost importance so diligence and good attention to detail is required. Experience in, or aptitude for, engineering analysis packages (such as Matlab, Finite element and nuclear specific codes FEAT, Panther, MACE) is desired. Experience in materials issues e.g. fracture, fatigue, creep is also of interest. This role requires SC Clearance so you must be either a British Citizen who has been living in the UK for the last 3 years minimum or of another nationality who has been living in the UK continuously for the last 5 years minimum. You will be joining a very successful and highly respected Engineering Consultancy who provide innovative, high quality engineering services to a range of major engineering projects, serving government, regulatory, Blue Chip and a wide range of private sector clients across the world. The company provides excellent opportunities for talented engineers who wish to work in leading edge applications. Their workload covers a range of industries and technologies, providing stimulating challenges for staff. Commercial awareness is an important factor in their consulting work and staff gain a great deal of experience in project management and customer contact. As part of a large consultancy, the opportunities for career development are extensive.