Title: Solutions Analyst  Surrey, London
Webindex: 66583751
Company: Randstad
Description: Manager required to lead an IT Solutions Team. The Solutions Team is responsible for triaging, designing and costing Infrastructure and Application Solutions at the scoping stage of a project. The Solutions Manager will be responsible for delivering projected business solutions and participating on key architecture initiatives. When working on business initiatives, the Solutions Manager will be responsible for leading and coordination projects from a technology perspective, ensuring the software development life cycle activities are consistent with the direction set by accepted best practices and standards groups. When working on architecture initiatives, the Solutions Manager will head up the Solutions Team working on highly technical architecture initiatives. The Solutions Manager will also be the process interface between the Business Requester (stakeholders) and the IT Programme Office function. Job duties include, but are not limited to, research, tool evaluation, documenting patterns and standards, technology evaluation and recommendation, production of financial estimates and designs prior to submission to the Technical Design Authority board. The following knowledge amp; skills are essential: Strong team leader, strong stakeholder engagement capabilities, experience of translation and validation of business requirements, experience of estimating costs accurately (including development, test and integration costs), excellent analytical and problem solving skills, experience of working to Agile methodologies, experience of Modelling processes, systems, data and infrastructure in UML and or other modelling language. Excellent benefits package including bonus scheme, free onsite parking and generous staff discounts Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills amp; qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. Skills UML, Solutions Manager, Agile