Title: Senior Electrical and Controls Engineer
Webindex: 67369233
Company: En Spiral Recruitment
Description: Our client specialises in the design and construction of Anaerobic Digestion plants, capable of processing a variety of feed stocks including agricultural products, food wastes and a wide range of organic commercial and industrial wastes and byproducts. They are looking for a Senior Electrical Controls Engineer to manage where necessary, design and/or coordinate all electrical, instrumentation, control and automation (EICA) aspects of projects in which the company is involved The successful candidate will be required to design, design, supply, installation and commissioning of process plant for the treatment of water and waste water for the Utility companies. This exciting opportunity will enable you to work closely with the project and sales managers, the process and mechanical engineers and the commercial department to ensure successful integration of the EICA aspects of each project into meeting the delivery requirements of the Company. Job Responsibilities: To manage the electrical / controls design and commissioning so as to ensure timely production of information for efficient contract completion within agreed budgetary constraints. To establish electrical design criteria and scope of work for each project, including calculation of fault levels, preparation of single line diagrams, cable calculations, equipment schedules, functional design specifications and software requirements. To prepare EICA work schedules and design programmes. To prepare equipment supply and subcontract design specifications and scopes of work. Checking and approval of supplier and subcontractor deliverables. Preparation of design documents for: Power Distribution, Instrumentation, ICA and Control Systems, MCCs, Switchgear, Cabling and Earthing. Supervision of software preparation. Preparation of panel and site test procedures. Preparation of procedures for and supervision of commissioning. Attending, on occasion leading, internal & external HAZOP meetings, Hazardous Area Classification meetings. Lead or participate in CDM design reviews. Preparation of EICA documentation to be incorporated into the Operating and Maintenance Manuals. Skills/Qualifications: Proficient electrical design engineer, taking account of the 17th Edition electrical wiring regulations Qualified to degree level (or equivalent) with appropriate professional qualifications. Engineering construction site work experience. Working to budgetary constraints. Selfmotivated, delivers Results Flexible attitude Good prioritisation & Time management skills Team building and management skills. Desirable: CITB CSCS card holder.  NICEIC registered for inspection of and signing off electrical installations.  Experience with writing and commissioning PLC software.  Familiarity with standards and specifications used in the UK Water industry.  Knowledge and understanding of terms and conditions of contract