Title: Senior Engineering Technician
Webindex: 69594643
Company: Search International Limited
Description: Our client, a leading name in food manufacturing is offering an excellent opportunity for an experienced engineering professional from an FMCG environment. Reportingto the Operations Manager, you will be responsible for a team of Multiskilled engineers providing ****//**** support to deliver both planned and unplanned maintenance strategies. To enhance the efficient running of the site operation, Engineering Technicians apply proven techniques and procedures to the solution of practical engineering problems along with promoting continuous improvement projects. In conjunction with the Duty Production Manager, you will identify and prioritise areas of both mechanical and electrical work necessary to keep the plant running to optimum performance, this will involve planned maintenance tasks, day to day breakdown situations along with all associated site services that are required to run the operation. It will also be necessary for the you to liaise with contractors and service engineers to ensure compliance of site HSE standards and company Strategic Drivers. You will demonstrate good leadership skills that actively encourage and motivate engineering team members to work closely alongside the production department that helps to promote an environment of working together, common goals, resulting in achievement of department and factory KPI’s. Qualifications / Skills Required; A National Certificate or Diploma or equivalent qualification in Mechanical or Electrical Engineering. Relevant experience in working in a volume, high speed f.m.c.g environment. Problem solving skills and the ability to apply diagnostic methods to identify root causes and engineer out. Experience of working in a CI environment. Previous experience of leading a team of skilled engineers and craftspersons. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorEngineeringTechnician_job****