Title: Project / Planning Coordinator
Webindex: 67019364
Company: i4 Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Project / Planning Coordinator Locatrion: Great Yarmouth Salary: ******** depending upon experience Duties: Responsible for the organisation of day to day project / planning requirements and the maintenance / updating of project records. Provide support to the Projects / Planning Manager. Organise and oversee the efficient planning and sourcing of project material requirements in liaison with Engineering, Production and Purchasing Functions. Responsibilities Set up and manage support functions covering planning, tracking, reporting, quality interface management and internal communication. Initiate and populate new build job numbers / subjob numbers within the Syspro ERP system. Work with the Projects / Planning Manager to develop / fully utilise pertinent alternative programme suites within Syspro in relation to BOM generation and Projects and Contracts modules if deemed appropriate by the management team. Facilitate all new build purchasing / subcontracting activity in accordance with project requirements and interfaces accordingly with the Purchasing functions of the business and the Projects Administrator(s) Work with engineering and production area s to ensure projects meet business needs in a timely and structured manner. Produce consolidated reports to the Projects / Planning Manager, including milestone summaries, key issues and risks. Establish in conjunction with the Projects / Planning Manager, standard tools and procedures for use on the project, including Issue, Risk, Change and Information Management. Create in conjunction with the Projects / Planning Manager a Master BOM based on Work Breakdown Structures (WBS) as agreed and in liaison with Engineering, Production, Quality and Purchasing functions. Review project activities for compliance with internal / external procedures and standards. Apply where known any regulatory conditions Arrange all associated off site testing, proof loading and painting as required Oversee in liaison with the Projects / Planning Manager the day to day activities of the Project Administrator(s) Assist where applicable, with the production of end user documentation. Assist in evaluation and solution of potential problems, referring them to Projects / Planning Manager as appropriate. Assist in planning and specification analysis in order to provide clear, trackable and coordinated interpretations of the design/drawings for fabrication and assembly. Perform additional assignments and responsibilities as assumed or requested by the Projects / Planning Manager or any other member of the management team. Understand and perform document control functions in accordance with site policy and procedures. Provide information to company employees and subcontractors to ensure projects comply with all engineering standards, codes, specifications and design instructions