Title: Nightshift Transport Department Manager
Webindex: 68702281
Company: Corepeople Recruitment
Description: Experienced Transport Manager is required to join an expanding business in the Tyne and Wear area. This position will be working Night Shift. Company International distribution centre. Job The successful candidate must have had worked at a similar level previously, and the primary responsibility will be accountable for leading a team of drivers in line with the organisation's beliefs leadership framework Management accountability for recruitment, training, performance management, disciplinary and grievance, H S investigations, recognition and reward for their teams Responsible for the out ward journey of a driver from issuing of work, pre brief and ensuring that the load departs on time Responsible for the inbound journey of the driver, including a full driver debrief, tacho analysis and vehicle checks. Responsible for the clerks that work on shift and the compliance to paperwork and customer services associated with the clerical duties Responsible for the transport KPI's and performance on shift, and drivers allocated to their team Delivery of all commercial targets on the depot balance scorecard Direct and coach managers and colleagues to deliver and maintain the Distribution Charter Experience The successful candidate must have relevant experience, have a strong will to win, evidenced by a track record of KPI achievement Have excellent communication, operational, engagement and decisionmaking skills. Be passionate about people and their development. Have a flexible approach As the depot operates twentyfour/seven you must be flexible in your approach to work, as shift and weekend working will be required. Remuneration Maximum salary as below, depending on experience. This is a permanent position and Corepeople Recruitment Limited will be acting as an employment agency for permanent recruitment on behalf our client. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at www.corepeople.com. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NightshiftTransportDepartmentManager_job****