Title: Power Electronics Engineer  Renewable Energy
Webindex: 69035683
Company: Vector Recruitment Limited
Description: This is a brand new and exciting vacancy for a talented Engineer or Scientist with solid expertise in Power Electronics Research Development to design the next generation of Photovoltaic Energy Control Systems for the worldwide renewable energy sector. This job is with a highly regarded global electronics company developing cuttingedge consumer electronics and large scale renewable energy systems based on PV and Wind Energy. They pride themselves on having the best scientists engineers working on highly advanced technologies including next generation Photovoltaic cells. They are leading the race in technology development in many areas including renewable technologies, energy storage, electrooptic displays, semiconductor lasers, language and encryption software and consumer bioscience products. This is a truly excellent employer a Worldclass company with a culture that puts an emphasis on personal career development while maintaining a sensible work/life balance. Job Title: Power Electronics Engineer Location : Oxfordshire Salary: Up to ****K Relocation : Financial assistance available. The Power Electronics Engineer will join a team of specialist engineers and scientists developing systemlevel technologies to compliment the companys novel energy generation and energy storage devices. The Power Electronics Engineer will develop sophisticated low power AC/DC electronic control systems to provide an ultrahigh efficiency and ultrareliable interface between the PV arrays and energy storage and grid feedin systems. In particular they will be involved the development of Power Optimisation Systems, Battery Management Systems, Charge Control Systems and Power Conditioning Systems such as DCAC inverters and DCDC converters. As Power Electronics Specialist you would be :  Involved in developing the electronic infrastructure for the next generation of low energy housing, combining renewable energy generation, storage, monitoring and management.  Working in a multidiscipline team alongside physicists, engineers and chemists and will be open to new ideas and share their passion for turning research into successful worldclass products.  Take the lead in directing and controlling development projects To be considered for the role of Power Electronics Engineer you will need: Education:  Strong academic record from an excellent academic institution with at least a ****:**** in a Masters Degree (MSc/MA/MEng/MPhil/MRes) and ideally a PhD (Doctorate/DPhil/EngD) in a relevant subject involving Power Electronics You will have experience in several of the following areas:  Power Electronics such as Inverter Technology, SMPS, UPS, Power Conditioning Units, Motor Drives Controls, power switching and phase control.  Solar/Energy Storage/PV Large Battery/Power Conversion/Smart Grid/ Smart Meters  Knowledge of electrochemistry, fuel cells or batteries (beneficial but not essential)  Renewable and smart energy systems and energy storage  Technology innovation.  Embedded Systems (digital electronics hardware and embedded software) for power control, ideally including PCB layout/Design  Understanding of thermal/heat management for high power electronic devices and systems.