Title: Inspectors (Skilled)  Mechanical Parts and Transmission System
Webindex: 67018653
Company: Premier Technical Recruitment
Description: Permanent Inspectors (Skilled)  Mechanical Parts and Transmission Systems to ****k  overtime South West Our client, globally recognised as a market leader in their field, are seeking to recruit an enthusiastic and highly self motivated team of skilled Mechanical Inspectors to operate within a busy transmission systems department based in the South West of England. Reporting to the Production Supervisor and working as part of a shift team, you will be collectively responsible for achieving the optimum output from the inspection function within a department to the correct quality standards. Once trained and verified by the Quality Assurance Department, you will hold an inspection approval stamp and work in a team environment to ensure most effective methods of working are employed to support throughput and delivery requirements. You will be required to: Undertake continuous training in order to gain a full or limited scope approval W(A) Stamp, this will be competency based rather than time based. Inspect detail aircraft components, sub assemblies and assemblies to specification. Be responsible to ensure that detail and assembly components meet specification prior to dispatch to the customer. Work to Company policy and procedures. To be considered for this varied and challenging role you will demonstrate proven relevant experience in the inspection of aerospace components, and will be qualified to at least NVQ level 3 in Aerospace Engineering Production or an equivalent time served Aerospace Engineering Apprenticeship in a relevant discipline. You will be conversant with Aerospace standard engineering drawings and will demonstrate a flexible approach and the ability to work on your own initiative as part of a small team as well as the willingness to work a flexible shift pattern where required. Provided that the minimum levels of qualification detailed are demonstrated, specific training will be given to ensure that all Quality aspects are complied with. Contact the Aerospace Team at Premier Technical Recruitment on (Apply online only) or email your cv in the strictest confidence to (url removed) for further details