Title: Interim Project Controller  QA (QMS)
Webindex: 69669262
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Our client is a major manufacturer of oral liquid medication. They are looking for an experienced QA Officer to input a new QMS system. Important Must have previous QMS experience in a GMP environment, ideally project based experience. The Job To effectively manage and control the set up and integration of the new electronic Quality Management System (QMS) software ( Single Point ) into the business and bring to successful completion. To communicate effectively and develop the new electronic QMS software ( Single Point ) to meet the business requirements in conjunction with the software developer. To develop and validate modules within the QMS software, liaising with existing users/owners of the QMS to ensure their requirements are incorporated into the new emodules, and to ensure that current processes are accurately reflected in the new system. To successfully transfer existing documentation held within the current Electronic Document Management System, EDMS, ( Powerway ) to the new QMS software ( Single Point ), ensuring that a full validation of the upload is fulfilled and meets the business requirements. To work in collaboration with the QA Administrator in the functionality of the software, ensuring the individual is proficient in the system to be handed over as the end user. To effectively communicate and liaise with the Head of Quality and Quality Systems Manager on the progress of the implementation of the new eQMS , and to report any difficulties occurring in a timely manner. To provide problem solving initiatives against any difficulties encountered to ensure successful completion of the project plan. To receive input from users of the system across the company for potential integration into the QMS software ( Single Point ); To write the scope of the software set up and the use of the system into a Standard Operating Procedure for effective use once each module has been completed. To produce and deliver an effective training programme and to deliver the training to the end users within the business. In addition to the duties and responsibilities listed, the jobholder is required to perform other duties assigned by your Manager, Director or Managing Director from time to time. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK