Title: Bridge Design Engineer
Webindex: 62380232
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Our client currently has an opportunity within their Highways Centre of Excellence team in Croydon for you to make your mark and influence the continuing growth of the company. Important Chartered/Near Chartered with bridge design experience The Job The client is one of the world s largest and most diverse providers of professional technical services to industrial, commercial and government clients. With revenues approaching $****billion and over **** employees across the globe we re continuing to grow our business every year. We are looking for talented people to join us across the UK and Ireland to continue our focus on building relationships and delighting our clients (90% of our business is repeat business). In return we have opportunities to work on unique and exciting projects, and a stable platform upon which to develop your career. The client is creating an enviable reputation in the UK highways consultancy sector as a result of a portfolio of high profile projects with the Highways agency, Contractors and Local Authorities. And our plans to add to this portfolio continue. So would you like to be a member of our exciting team? As a Senior Bridge Engineer you will be working on a variety of project types, sizes and complexities. Responsibilities will include: Preparation of bridge and bridge related structural scheme designs at feasibility, optioneering and detailed design stages Providing technical direction to other design engineers and/or technicians Liaison with Contractors, including our client s Term Maintenance or Minor Works contractors Interfacing with other disciplines such as geotechnical, highways and environmental engineers You will be responsible for resolving technical issues as they occur and for the monitoring of progress of your areas of responsibility. Preparation of contract documents and fee estimates Organising and carrying out General, Principal amp; Special Inspections Training and Experience Essential Criteria A degree in Civil or Structural Engineering. Approaching or recently achieved CEng and MICE status or equivalent. Experience in the bridges/highway sector Knowledge of current codes and standards, including BS**** Eurocodes and DMRB Experience of design analysis and assessment of structures using Archie, MEXE, SuperSTRESS etc. Experience of liaising and negotiating with client representatives and senior staff Thorough understanding of SHW. Able to produce wellpresented and accurate reports. Capable of managing a challenging workload subject to change at short notice. Capability to manage tasks and costs; and deliver programmed work. Good IT skills Selfmotivated Confident with proven interpersonal and communication skills Desirable Criteria Experience of ECI or design and build projects. Experience of construction supervision. Good working knowledge of different contract types and procurement options. Knowledge of local authority interfaces Health and Safety training in the Bridges Sector Proficient with use of AutoCAD Benefits We offer a competitive package which includes a Pension and Life Assurance Scheme and the opportunity to participate in our Flexible Benefits programme which offers up to 28 days holiday per annum and a range of additional benefits. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK