Title: QA Coordinator (Subsea OffShore)
Webindex: 71369181
Company: Thorn Baker Ltd
Description: Job Role: QA Coordinator (Subsea Supplying a complete support service for all matters concerned with Quality Assurance and Quality Control. Supporting and providing cover for the QA/QC Inspector and the QA Administrator during absences/holidays. Ensuring effective Quality Assurance and Quality Control processes are in place and adhered to. Training and coaching staff members as and when required to do so regarding Quality Assurance systems and processes. Ensuring all QA documentation is prepared and meets project/product requirements. Updating product maintenance/certification requirements into the warehouse database. Guaranteeing all arrangements are in place for client representatives and Inspection Verification Bodies for the sign off of equipment. Performing external supplier audits as and when required. The right candidate will possess the skills and knowledge to: Read engineering drawings. Efficiently use Microsoft Office packages. Demonstrate excellent written, oral and presentation skills. Be familiar with ISO 9001 accreditation. Use equipment certification and able to understand material classes, certificates and traceability. Be experienced with dimensional, NDT, visual and load testing. Understand industry standards such as API. The Qualifications: To be considered for this role you will need to hold a higher education qualification in Mechanical Engineering or similar. Candidates with an Auditor qualification will be at a considerable advantage The Company: Our client is a leading provider of engineering services for the oil and gas industry, their focus is on well systems, pipelines and offshore structures. Main areas of operation are project engineering, a fasttrack designanalysebuild engineering service, alongside their offshore tools rental service. If you feel you are suitable for this role, please send your CV and cover letter highlighting your most relevant experience to