Title: Control Systems Project Engineer
Webindex: 71708107
Company: Pertemps Scotland
Description: Role: Control Systems Project Engineer Reporting to the Control Systems Manager this position is responsible for both electrical and automation systems conceptual designs, for the support of existing production systems, their development and repair. Management of Capital Expenditure and departmental revenue budget. Maintenance of software and applications under the departmental software revision control system. Supervision of Subcontractors on site ensuring safety and quality are achieved. Inrole support in achievement of Chartered status. Person Specification in 'decision analysis format'  higher weighting more important 10  Minimum of HNC educated in an electrical biased course with extensive relevant experience in the electrical design field, ideally HND/Degree educated with reasonable level of knowledge and practical experience in electrical design and project delivery. 10  Previous experience in detailed electrical design ensuring compliance with current safety standards, best working practices and legislation. 10  Previous use of software programs to produce electrical wiring diagrams. 10  Has commissioned and tested new automation systems ensuring that they are fit for purpose. 10  Practical experience of programming in Siemens PLCs and HMI series AND Mitsubishi PLC's and drives. 10  A good foundation in process fault finding and troubleshooting. 10  Demonstrates good team working skills having previous multidiscipline experience and openness to shared goals across manufacturing. 10  Has driving license and fulltime use of own car. ****  Practical understanding of field bus technologies, including Profibus D.P. protocol. ****  Continuous maintenance of department revision controls for PLC, HMI and SCADA programs. ****  Previous management of external contractors to timescales, budget and design criteria. ****  Use of AutoCAD drafting particularly in the production of electrical wiring schematics ****  A practical understanding of TCP/IP networking using Ethernet. Pertemps Scotland Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.