Title: Stores Supervisor
Webindex: 64693914
Company: Close Resource Management Ltd
Description: Our client, an international engineering organisation based in the Rotherham area, is now looking to recruit a Stores Supervisor to join their team as soon as possible. The successful candidate MUST have extensive experience within a similar role AND within a high volume manufacturing environment, and be expected to meet the criteria as listed. Main Job Purpose Working on a day shift to ensure all team members are aware of Company and Departmental objectives and that all site policies, processes, and procedures are adhered to within the Stores areas. Providing the vision, direction and support to enable the team to deliver their objectives and optimise and develop their performance Ensuring products are warehoused efficiently to minimise warehousing movements; optimise warehouse capacity and load/offload efficiently on/off vehicles for delivery/receipt according to the shift customer logistics plan; Planning labour to daily/short term shift plan requirements to meet Internal and External Customer requirements and ensuring people capability to flex people resource across warehouses and functions to meet fluctuations in demand; Demonstrating a full working knowledge of all operational systems and have the ability to help staff where necessary. Communicating information to incoming team leaders to have an effective shift handover procedure. Also to communicate both upwards and downwards to enhance staff morale and understanding of business needs. To control dangerous substances held in the chemical store and the related storing, receipt, issue and despatch of these in accordance with ISO 14001 standards. Principal accountabilities: o To lead and support an effective and efficient team, understanding customer needs and requirements and working to exceed these wherever possible. o To develop and motivate the team. Promote efficiency, company standards and commitment to area. o To demonstrate an enthusiastic, positive, committed and flexible attitude. Promoting the importance and benefits of effective team working across all shifts o To lead employees in compliance to the Environmental Health safety policy within the team, championing best practice and providing assistance/advice where required. o Have daily contact with Hauliers to ensure transportation is organised for on time collection and deliver of products o Ensure that Freight Lists are completed accurately and on time, with any shortages reported promptly to the relevant functions in order to achieve 100% On Time Delivery o To support the Purging and blocking stock on instructions from quality control. o To promote and maintain stock accuracy through carrying out spot checks for incoming goods and cycle counts of both raw parts and finished goods. To raise problem reports (internal suppliers)/discrepancy notice (external suppliers) where anomalies have been identified.