Title: Export Sales Manager
Webindex: 65185003
Company: Adderley Featherstone plc
Description: For an ambitious export sales professional from the construction or engineering sector this is an opportunity not to be overlooked. With the benefit of a highly admired heritage, the client designs and manufactures a branded range of technical products which are sold through the specification route and a worldwide network of distributors. A medium sized organisation, their unique product qualities, innovation, technical excellence, engineering integrity and absolute commitment to customer service have combined to establish them as a key player in their construction markets. Export sales now accounts for more than 60% of their turnover and continues to offer substantial prospects for further growth. As Export Sales Manager, your role will be to capitalise on these opportunities, with particular emphasis on the construction markets of EMEA, India, Brazil and South Africa where spearheading the sales drive, directing the distribution network and engaging directly with designers and specification engineers are key responsibilities. The Export Sales Manager role is accountable to the International Sales Director with one sales engineer direct report; the business is proactively supported by experienced and well established marketing and technical resources. Qualified in an engineering discipline, you will be accomplished in export sales in the regions listed; in particular you will have a demonstrable track record dealing with structural engineers in the construction and related industrial sectors. Structural steel or fixings would be of particular interest. Alternatively you may come from an export sales background in civil engineering or contracting. Enthusiastic, selfdirected, with excellent communication and relationship building skills, you will have an in depth understanding of the specification market with clear credibility in managing distribution. The role offers considerable autonomy to make your mark in a highly committed company which has a supportive cando approach to business and will suit a sales professional looking for a long term development opportunity. To apply for the Export Sales Manager position, please forward in absolute confidence a full curriculum vitae to Adderley Featherstone by clicking on the apply button and completing a short application. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ExportSalesManager_job****