Title: Field Commissioning Engineer
Webindex: 66795850
Description: Demob Job Reference: J**** Job Title: Field Commissioning Engineer Location: Nottinghamshire Salary: Up to **** Start Date: Immediate Introduction: Our client based in Nottinghamshire is a company who specialise in water treatment systems for a variety of industries including retail, schools, prisons and private residential. Due to continued expansion our client is now looking for a Field Service Engineer to travel the UK in their company vehicle and carry out commissioning of a variety of water treatment systems. You will be tasked daily from home and will be required to visit the office once a week therefore your location is flexible however you must be within **** hours commute of their office in Nottinghamshire. Please note that this role will involve nationwide travel and you will be expected to stay away from home on average **** nights per week. The successful candidate must have a strong electrical and mechanical engineering background with experience of plumbing. In return for your skills you will benefit from an annual salary of up to **** Company pension scheme and Private healthcare scheme as well as use of the company gym facilities. This presents itself as an ideal opportunity to join an established company and, although not essential, could be well suited for a person who has previously served in the Armed Forces i.e. Army, Royal Navy or Royal Air Force (RAF) and has previously worked within a Marine Engineering or similar role. Responsibilities:  You will be responsible for the support of all clients and sales staff in a technical capacity prior to and further to receiving the order.  Service and Commissioning systems and produce reports for clients.  Maintenance and servicing of systems to timescales to minimise travelling and maximise working hours.  Technical site visits, site surveys, system demos.  Fitting of equipment when required to ensure system is operational.  Dealing with technical / sales enquiries day to day, enquiries relating to quotations both in the office and on the road.  Preparing and supplying installation/ O M manuals/ product information.  Assisting other members of staff to answer customer technical queries.  Product assembly including electrical and plumbing, manage technical support and suppliers in the manufacture and assembly of products.  Responsibility for own Health and Safety in accordance with the law when on site and in the workshop.  Assisting with stock counts and maintaining suitable van stock.  Carrying out admin work relating to all work activities eg. filing, updating records in hard copy and on SID. Creation of and updating site equipment database.  Customer relations post installation and on site.  Any other reasonable tasks which may be required from time to time. Applicant Requirements:  It is envisaged that the successful candidate will have a strong background within Electrical and Mechanical engineering ideally come from a marine engineering background or very similar and have experience of plumbing / water treatment / reverse osmosis plants.  Experience of working with control panels / PLC s.  You must possess some sort of electrical / mechanical qualifications i.e 17th edition wiring regulations or similar.  You must hold a full valid UK driving licence and be flexible in regards to overnight stays.  Full product training will be given.  Strong technical background within a similar role.  Proven Multi  Skilled Engineering background.  Excellent customer service skills.  Sound communicator.  Able to use own initiative.  Enjoy problem solving.  Able to work and remain calm under pressure. Benefits:  Up to **** annual salary.  Employer contributory pension.  Company van, mobile and laptop.  Monday – Friday 8.30am – 5pm.  Opportunity to join a very forward thinking company.