Title: Junior NET Web Developer ? C, JavaScript, jQuery
Webindex: 71470469
Company: Webrecruit UK
Description: Junior .NET Web Developer  C, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS, Source Control, Visual Studio London, NW1 ****  **** DOE Plus Gym Membership & Share Options Calling all developers Do you have great C, .NET, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML and CSS skills? Are you a proficient user of Source Control systems? If so, read on. Our client, a software company based in Central London is looking for a talented Junior .NET Web Developer to join their expanding team. This is a great opportunity to join a small but high growth company in a very dynamic environment. You'll be making a significant contribution to the continued growth and expansion of the business working with cuttingedge technologies. As a Junior .NET Developer, you will take a lead role in the implementation side of our client's highly flexible .NET content management system that allows content editors and administrators to easily manage web and intranet sites. Working with industry leading clients and partners, from FTSE 100 companies to smaller privately owned businesses, such as Sky, M&S, Primark and Smiths News, you will contribute to the development of the framework and provide technical support. Interested? To be considered for this opportunity, you must have:  At least one year's commercial experience of using C .NET and using Visual Studio to implement webbased projects on CMS  Proficient use of JavaScript, jQuery, HTML and CSS  Experience of using Source Control  Good communication skills The ideal Junior .NET Web Developer will have experience of using graphics applications, such as Photoshop. Experience of XHTML and Accessibility would also be an advantage. Our client also offers this role as a permanent position. To apply for the role of Junior .NET Web Developer [C, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS, Source Control, Visual Studio], please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Junior .NET Web Developer, C, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS, Source Control, Visual Studio, Junior C .NET Web Developer , Graduate C .NET Programmer, C .NET Web Developer, Graduate C Programmer, C Developer.