Title: Gas and Heating Engineer
Webindex: 72406335
Company: Technical Resources Ltd
Description: customers is recognised as one of the UK s leading providers of integrated facilities management solutions and building maintenance services. We are looking for an experienced Engineer/ Technician with exposure to both electrical and Gas central Heating to cover the ST, DE and NG postcodes. The successful candidate will be provided with a vehicle, be offered excellent benefits and a competitive salary boosted by overtime and on call allowances. What does Excellence look like in this role? At this grade the technician will provide technical diagnosis and solutions and perform routine maintenance checks in relation to Gas Central Heating and Electrical systems. The role holder will be involved in fault finding, maintenance and regular customer liaison. Working across a specified region, the role holder must be willing to travel and hold a UK driving license. What needs to be done in this role to achieve this? Expert fault finding and providing advice and guidance to customers Analyze and understand technical issues Maintenance of electrical systems and Gas Central Heating on numerous commercial sites Occasional coordination of subcontractors may be required. Liaise with customers representatives on a day to day basis to ensure customer requirements are fully met. Checking and ensuring all appropriate and approved paperwork is completed. Supply knowledge in a range of technical situations, making personaljudgementss on how to undertake work to achieve quality, cost and time objectives What technical knowledge, skills and experience is required? Ideally holding a Commercial gas qualification / certification. You must be a Gas Safe registered Gas engineer. The role holder must have 17th edition, electrical Planned maintenance experience of commercial gas central heating and /or electrical systems fired plant and equipment. Maintenance experience within electrical systems e.g. BEM s, Multi and Group Control lifts Experience in fault finding and diagnosis with the ability to provide advice and guidance to others across all systems where required. The ability to communicate effectively with customers, explaining technical issues. The ability to analyze and understand complex technical issues in relation to electrical systems and /or Gas central Heating The role holder will need to Full Driving License is required, as this vacancy will involve travel within a specified area for which a van will be provided