Title: SCADA Control and Telecommunications Manager
Webindex: 66595803
Company: Allen York Ltd
Description: SCADA Control and Telecommunications Manager The SCADA, Control and Telecommunications team provides support to both Construction and Operations. The Team Manager will lead a group of highly skilled engineers to deliver cost efficient, on time solutions that ensure our wind farms are able to meet all requirements of our clients, grid connections and PPA providers. Duties of the SCADA, Control and Telecommunications team include: Design of wind farm SCADA systems, including fibre optic network infrastructure for data collection, signal conditioning, controllers, HMIs and industrial networking. Manage the design process in accordance with engineering procedures. Preparation and control of technical specifications (including User Requirements and Functional Design) and drawings to support the construction project team. Technical assessments of supplier tenders. Liaising with inhouse and external resources  monitor and assess work of specialist consultants and contractors. Supervision of site commissioning and testing. Responsible for supporting the development and management of SCADA procedures and templates including acceptance test documents. Identify, review and provide advice on SCADA requirements and capabilities. Identification and implementation of telecommunication solutions to construction and operational wind farm sites Specific duties for the Team Manager will include: Ensure that Health and Safety Training is up to date Keeping up to date with current technology and requirements to ensure the team has the required capabilities to meet future trends Manage workload and resource planning Approve timesheets, expenses and holidays Develop and manage PDR s for the team members Provide technical support and guidance to the team members Provide coordination on SCADA matters with others parts of the Group The successful candidate will: Be degree level qualified in Computer Systems, Electronic Engineering, Electrical and Electronic Engineering or Electronic Communications (or equivalent) Be able to demonstrate a track record in SCADA design and system integration Familiarity of working under UK CDM regulations It is desirable (but not essential) to have familiarity with SCADA/PLC software suites, communication protocols and networking equipment Have the management and leadership skills to manage a team of engineers Hold a full UK driving licence