Title: Generators Field Service Engineer  South
Webindex: 67345251
Company: Hammond Recruitment
Description: Generators Field Service Engineer  South My Client are a MultiNational Company who specialise in Generators, Diesel Generators and generator power systems for both maintenance and installation. An excellent opportunity has arisen for a Generator Service Engineer within the South East/ Northern Home Counties regions of the UK covering a geographical area encompassing North London through to Cambridge, Hertfordshire, Essex and the surrounding areas. Key Responsibilities: Carry out fault diagnosis and carry out forward planning on assigned work/projects Ensure most economical and effective layout of electrical installations together with achieving high level of productivity in work assigned Carrying out site visits as and when requested by the Department Manager Complete all paperwork such as time sheets and expense claims in a timely and accurate manner. Service, maintenance and installation of generators Qualifications/ Experience: City Guilds IEE 17th Edition Regulations or equivalent City Guilds Tech Part **** BTEC ONC, NVQ Level 2/**** or equivalent If time served then the formal qualifications set out above may be varied. You must have a history with Generators Be Practical, productive and electrical engineering skills Proven ability and aptitude as Mechanical Fitter Technical supervisory knowledge so as to be able to work on own proficiently and carry out Electrical installation and service work without supervision in the most efficient and economical manner Package The package on offer is between circa ****K with additional monetary benefits, paid overtime, car, lap top, health care. My client are paying an excellent salary and package, They have left the salary details up for negotiation at interview stage, My client are offering an excellent bonus structure, Company Car, Pension, Health Care, For further vacancies please visit our website. Hammondrecruitment or contact me on andy(at)hrguk.com If you believe you have the right experience and qualifications please forward your CV If this position is NOT right for you, still forward your CV as a separate application. We specialise in many industries and have a number of other positions that maybe more suitable for your background. All communication will be treated confidentiality. Generators, field service, engineer, fitter, mechanical, electrical, south, east, portable power, static power, ups, diesel engines, essex, Hertfordshire, London, Cambridge, Peterborough, middlesex, Hammond Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GeneratorsFieldServiceEngineerSouth_job****