Title: Test Service Engineer
Webindex: 69775996
Company: Mansell Recruitment Group
Description: The Company Special purpose machinery manufacturer The Role An immediate opportunity for a Test sites to service machines as required. To complete service and fault report forms and file as appropriate. To keep machine servicing documentation up to date. Note all costs incurred in servicing and pass to Accounts Assistant for invoicing purposes. Input into generation of quotations for spare parts and service visits as required. Checking components before fitting, as required. Usage of and familiarity with test equipment. Reporting of faulty test equipment or equipment requiring calibration to the Management Team. Assist in formal testing of machines or systems as requested by and with guidance from the Project Manager/Project Leader. To feed back to colleagues on all aspects of design and performance of machines learnt from servicing. To gather information and document fault classifications. Liaise with Quality Manager to report/carry data forward to Management Team for review of suitable preventative action. Involvement in monitoring of calibration status of equipment and arranging recalibration when required, along with the update of records. Work within the QMS. The Candidate You should have good understanding of general design and systems. Ability to priorities/manage workload efficiently Be comfortable visiting customer sites Worldwide and attempting to repair a fault. Whilst not at customer sites, you would be required to undertake other duties, which could include wiring or assembly, and test. Full training will be given on systems and equipment, together with installations guidelines. Full Driving Licence required, but candidates should reside in East Sussex or Kent area to be within a reasonable commute from office location. The Package The minimum salary payable for this role is ****K. However, the client may pay up to ****K for a candidate who can meet all key requirements and abilities. For further information please call Liz on (Apply online only) or email your CV details to (url removed) quoting Ref LAC**** We operate & advertise as an Employment Agency for permanent positions and as an Employment Business for contract/temporary positions