Title: Service Engineer  Waste Water / Pumps
Webindex: 72691096
Company: Accord Management Services
Description: OPPORTUNITY : An outstanding opportunity to join a well established and respected engineering company, with a growing and stable client base, opening new offices in line with their success. As well as a market leading package there are numerous chances to progress your career. EXPERIENCE : You must have at least two years commercial and industrial experience servicing submersible waste water/sewage/clean water pumps or booster sets. POSITION : Service / Maintenance Engineer  Electrical PRODUCTS : Pumps, Pumping Stations, Waste Water Treatment, Sewage Treatment Plant SALARY : ******** Basic,  overtime and vehicle LOCATION : Buckinghamshire, Berkshire, Oxfordshire, Northamptonshire The company is recognized as one of the U.K. s most successful manufacturer s and suppliers of controls, pumps, valves into the sewage treatment plant industry. Established for nearly half a decade and operating for a central location they are well placed to service the entire U.K. Due to steady, ongoing success they need to effectively service their existing and loyal client base. In line with this they need two new engineers to join their large but tightknit team. The role will be a mixture of planned maintenance, breakdown repair and some installation of products such as water pumps, sewage pumps, drainage pumps, pumping stations, covering the this area. It is essential that you have at least two years commercial or industrial experience working within pumps, motors or facilities maintenance as without this your application will not be considered. You must be electrically competent, with qualifications such as 16th or 17th edition considered highly desirable or mechanically competent with a recent UK working history servicing submersible pump sets. Contact: Kosh Santra on **** **** ELIGIBILITY All vacancies advertised are based in the UK. It is unlawful to employ a person who does not have permission to live and work in the UK and we will therefore only consider applications from candidates who are eligible to work in the EU. Accord Management Services are UK based Recruitment specialists, placing experienced professionals across all industry sectors. The services Accord provides are those of an employment agency.