Title: Principal Mechanical Engineer  Mechanical Handling
Webindex: 68180260
Company: Cubiq Recruitment Ltd
Description: Principal Mechanical Engineer **** Warrington Cubiq is seeking a Principal Mechanical Engineer to join a leading engineering services company supplying bespoke high reliability mechanical systems to a range of safety critical market sectors. You will be required to undertake a variety of mechanical design activities associated with the design, test, substantiation and installation of high integrity mechanical plant and systems and support the engineering manager in major business activities and special projects. You will be directly responsible for ensuring technical accuracy and that design projects are delivered satisfying time, quality and cost and will liaise with C I, safety and analysis personnel to optimise design solutions.  Determining overall requirement in terms of cost, time, resource and technical content of mechanical design with the Manager. Designing and formulating plans which satisfy these requirements in conjunction with allocated staff.  Providing mechanical design input to tenders, consistent with the job holders level of experience.  Coordinate and manage all engineering activities on allocated projects or part projects as required.  Undertaking mechanical design tasks, particularly the design and analysis of mechanisms and mechanical plant.  Being responsible for the development of allocated junior staff as appropriate.  Leading discussions with internal and external customer and suppliers in order to ensure that programmes are delivered to specification, cost and time.  Coordinating with other areas within the business in order to ensure the provision of appropriate design support commitment.  Working within and maintaining required records for all work in order to satisfy company standards, procedures, national quality and legal requirements.  Keeping abreast of latest technology and identify technology developments and resources appropriate to the business needs and engineering activities.  Supervise small multidisciplined teams to achieve project deliverables.  Compiling cost and programme estimates, and managing to cost and programme for a group of tasks, undertaken by self and subordinate staff, for the allocated team size.  Writing and checking reports, proposals calculations and statistics. This is a great opportunity to secure a position within a leading UK engineering firm offering good benefits and long terms professional development opportunities. Please send your CV via the link provided for further details.