Title: Control and Instrumentation Engineer
Webindex: 24835548
Company: Gregory Martin International
Description: Control and Instrumentation Engineer / C Reading. Our client is seeking applications from experienced C Control and Instrumentation Engineer / C Degree (or equivalent) in Electrical, Electronic or Control and Instrumentation Engineering or other relevant discipline. Chartered Engineer. Able to demonstrate sound technical experience. A sufficient and appropriate level of building services and controls experience gained within a client organisation, engineering consultancy or equipment supplier. Project management, including controls, planning and estimating and preparation of deliverable/work package. Desirable Working within a multidiscipline engineering team and having a general appreciation of other disciplines constraints and requirements. Nuclear safety case issues and NII site licence conditions. Building management systems. Fire detection and alarms. Telecoms. UPS. Experience of the nuclear industry. Experience of IEE Wiring Regulations 17th edition BS**** Experience of transmission (****kV) electrical plant and configuration design. Experience of distribution (up to ****kV) electrical plant and configuration design. Experience of protection and control design at Transmission and Distribution voltages. The Individual Control and Instrumentation Engineer  A confident and professional manner. Excellent communication skills. Ability to use initiative and demonstrate creativity. Self motivated and committed to further study. Ability to work within a team. Responsibilities  Responsible for providing technical input into the control and instrumentation, and potentially electrical, design aspects of substation refurbishment/rekit projects and leading electrical/control aspects of major infrastructure projects from system studies and investment appraisals through to detailed design. Liaison with clients, suppliers and contractors. Provide technical input into the specification, selection and justification of relevant equipment. Generation of Front End Engineering Design packages. Provide technical input into the relevant equipment assessment and justification reports. Production of Commissioning Procedures. Production of Technical Specifications. Control and Instrumentation Engineer / C Location Reading, Berkshire