Title: Submarine Engineers
Webindex: 67946181
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Submarine Engineers required to join a leading independent centre of engineering design, design support and technical services for defence customers. Important Experience as a Marine Engineer within a Submarine Environment. The Job From concept design to acquisition support, inservice design and technology management, our client is known for its innovation, expertise and ability to tackle the most complex design and systems issues. Our clients strong track record in naval platform design for surface warships, submarines and auxiliaries together with extensive acquisition support experience within land domain projects is thanks to our people, including systems engineers, naval architects, marine engineers and software developers. We are currently looking to recruit a number of marine engineers to work with the Submarine Support Management Group. The roles are based in Keynsham, Bristol and Devonport. We are particularly interested in receiving CV s from candidates with experience in any of the following disciplines: Mechanical Engineering Electrical Engineering Defect Investigation Structural Engineering Maintenance Review Engineering Concession Management Engineering Data Management Engineering Combat Systems Engineering ARM Engineering Applicants will need to possess a relevant HND (or equivalent) qualification or higher. Knowledge and experience of the defence / marine sector is desirable although not essential, particularly for the electrical engineering vacancies where no previous knowledge of the marine defence sector is required. Previous experience on board a submarine as a Marine Engineer. Experience of MoD working practices, familiarity with submarine design, operation or support would be of benefit but is not mandatory. Our client offers an excellent remuneration package with a competitive salary, bonuses / profit scheme, a competitive pension scheme, subsidised gym / sports membership, 25 days holiday, employee discounts, additional holiday purchase and more. A relocation allowance is also available where applicable. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK