Title: Production Controls Engineer
Webindex: 72245329
Company: Personnel Futures
Description: Main responsibilities of the role: Providing Engineering Support to Production Processes and Personnel on a day to day basis. Identifying and implementing Improvements in Safe Operations, Process Efficiency, Effectiveness Repeatability. Identify and introduce new manufacturing processes, materials and equipment to improve product capabilities, capacity, throughput, cost and waste reduction, improve process control and quality. Address environmental concerns, improve safety, provide information and data, improve technology and understanding. Identification and Justification of Process Improvements requiring CAPex expenditure and Preparation of associated Procurement Specifications. Establishing and Controlling Project Budgets associated with identified CAPex. Project managing identified CAPex to include supplier selection, technical clarification during design and manufacture stage, pre and post installation commissioning and acceptance, documentation review and final sign off. Qualifications Applicants should possess a good general standard of education in addition to a Degree, HND or HNC qualification in Electrical or Electronic Engineering, though demonstrable ability is the actual requirement. Desirable Attributes The ideal candidate will have experience in specific Drive and Control functions, be a flexible team player with the ability to work under pressure in a production environment, with the following attributes being desirable: Electrical / Electronic Engineer with drive and control bias. Knowledge of Control Techniques AC and DC variable speed drives including SyPTPro software. Design, development and implementation of variable speed drive software. PLC knowledge (Allen Bradley and Siemens) with ability to develop and implement software. Knowledge of Proface GP Pro EX HMI software and hardware. Experience of Ethernet and Fieldbus network technology. Machine safety categorisation (EN ISO 138491) / PUWER / CE marking and associated risk assessments. Good knowledge of general HSE requirements and best working practices associated with design, build and installation of new equipment. Autocad 2010 / Autodesk Inventor / Solidworks  design of electrical schematics. Computer literate / Word / Excel / Project. High level of communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to use own initiative to resolve manufacturing issues outside normal working hours. Consideration will be given to suitable candidates with experience of alternative drive and control software / hardware where the successful candidate will be expected to attend appropriate training courses. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProductionControlsEngineer_job****