Title: DCS Field Service Engineer  Homebased
Webindex: 67785064
Description: Our client, a global supplier of products and solutions to control and automate processrelated operations across numerous industries, has an urgent requirement for multiple Field Service Engineers to provide UKwide support to their clients. As a Field Service Engineer, It will be your role to provide professional and profitable aftersale support to the customer base for all products, including first line maintenance and repair services, site installation, commissioning and startup. Duties will include undertaking or managing major modification programs, related to the company's hardware and software.  Utilise company intelligent field devices to generate performance data and interpret this data into meaningful recommendations for the customer.  Carry our installation/commissioning, fault analysis and repairs on inhouse products, including investigation of persistent or not easily resolvable problems being experienced at customer sites  Develop and implement product/system configuration changes at site to meet customer requirements  Provide onsite customer training in the application, service and operation of the given products  Assist customers in the resolution of product service and application problems  Be available to support the oncall rota  Assist Sales Engineers in the demonstration of the company's products to potential customers and to provide guidance in product application and after sales service  Proactively identify Service/Product opportunities and assist the pursuit  Assist in the preparation of support literature for Sales opportunities  Be flexible to work throughout the British Isles, offshore or abroad and work additional hours and weekends to support customers. Successful candidates will ideally be HNC/Degree level in an Electrical Engineering (or similar) discipline, such as Electronics, Computer Science or Control Engineering. You should have relevant experience as a Service or Systems Engineer in a process control environment with a particular emphasis on installation, commissioning and startup. A knowledge of DCS systems (Honeywell, Yokogawa, ABB) or Legacy systems knowledge  RS**** or ProvoX is essential. You will have an understanding of C&I theory including Control loop configuration and tuning. Clear and effective communication skills are essential. This role will require an element of offshore and outofhours support, for which allowances are offered. Applicants must posess a full UK driving license, and hold (or be eligible to attain) an valid Offshore Safety (BOSIET/OLF) and Offshore Medical certificates. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK The Matchtech Controls & Automation team specialise in the following skills: SCADA  PLC Engineer  ICA  Instrument Engineer  Control Systems  Hardware Design  Safety System  Automation  Electrical Controls  Electrical Design Engineer  SCADA  PLC Engineer  ICA  Instrument Engineer  Control Systems  Automation  Electrical Design Engineer  Safety System  Hardware Design  Electrical Controls Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.