Title: On/Off Shore Service Engineer
Webindex: 70625254
Company: CVbrowser
Description: My client require a Site Service Engineer to install, configure and maintain a range of DCS/SCADA systems in the Oil Gas industry on off shore. Profile: As a Site Service Engineer, you will provide technical support, services and expertise to customers and other service personnel in determining and solving software, hardware, or operating system problems. Perform installation, startup, maintenance, servicing and commissioning of the company  s and thirdparty products. Contract customer site technical support Oncall emergency corrective maintenance and support including twentyfour/seven rotation Preventative maintenance visits Site application support Inhouse application support Upgrade of legacy equipment to the latest offerings Delivery of all aspects of the maintenance contract Support performance service initiatives, e.g. Loop management alarm management Establish and maintain productive customer relations both internally and externally Implementation of ModPacks and small system enhancements Under minimal supervision provides service to customers in supervision of installation, commissioning, servicing and repair of Ithe company  s systems equipment Range extends through analogue, analytical or digital or hybrid or 3rd party control systems. Requirement: The ideal candidate will be able to demonstrate a detailed knowledge of many, if not all, of the following. Extensive and proven experience working within instrumentation process control, or electronic systems experience. Experience of process control and a proven background within automation industry is essential, preferably within Oil, Gas or Chemical DCS and particularly Foxboro IA experience is desirable although full product training will be given. Safety Systems and particularly Triconex/Trident experience is desirable although full product training will be given. Previous experience of installation, commissioning and site acceptance. Motivated to learn and improve technical knowledge and capability Passionate in applying their craft Good communicators verbally and written Efficient whilst under pressure to deliver Package: Salary: ****k****k Oncall allowance: 8% (This is a calculation which then varies due to the O/T actual call out uplift) Oncall rota: 2 weeks on, 2 weeks off (****/**** rotation) ONSHORE/OFF SHORE Holiday: 25 days Company Car: Vauxhall or Renault make Contributory pension Company lifestyle benefits Mobile Phone Laptop AMEX Card (for company expenses) If your experience matches please forward your CV immediately White Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy