Title: Technical Support Administrator
Webindex: 67630448
Description: TECHNICAL Support Administrator  Cheltenham ****K Benefits and Excellent Training Opportunities. Are you looking for a career in Engineering? Our client is an established technical publications and consultancy business. They employ around **** staff in the UK. Their consultancy business is involved in ILS, Technical Publications and Safety, is looking to recruit a Technical Support Administrator . A selection of the services they provide: Technical Publications ILS (Integrated Logistics Support) Safety Environmental They are a progressive organisation with several offices across the UK. They have experienced growth and offer excellent career progression and development opportunities. The successful individual will provide a new role as the Technical Support Administrator within the Engineering Support Department, which comprises of Systems Safety Engineers, Integrated Logistics Support Engineers and Trainers. This Department contracts across a number of Industry Sectors, in particular, Defence. This position will require a dynamic, motivated individual with attributes such as being able to work without supervision, a team player, computer literate and a good communicator both orally and constructively on paper. This role will also require the undertaking of visits in support of the Engineering Support Department personnel to various client site locations across the UK. The ideal candidate will have: A strong academic background in Mathematics and English Some experience in an engineering or technical environment. Possession of, or working towards, HNC/HND in engineering discipline. Personal drive and commitment. Able to work to high and consistent levels of accuracy. Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. Can do attitude and ability to take responsibility. Driving Licence and willingness to travel You will be challenged to contribute to successful project delivery in a variety of ways and you may be asked to generate, collate and process engineering data using some of the latest software packages. Working closely with a team, you will assist in the maintenance of project files and registers, upkeep of drawings and other technical data and the organisation and storage of software files. You may be asked to take and write minutes of technical and project meetings or you may be required to undertake financial reviews and reports and undertake planning activities. Due to the nature of work undertaken at our client s site, incumbents of these positions are required to meet special nationality rules and therefore these vacancies are only open to sole British Citizens. Applicants who meet this criteria will also be required to undergo security clearance vetting, if not already security cleared to a minimum SC level. Electus Recruitment Solutions provides specialist engineering and technical recruitment solutions to a number of high technology industries. We thank you for your interest in this vacancy. If you don t hear from us within **** working days please presume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. You are of course free to resubmit your CV/details in the future and we shall assess your suitability at that time. Electus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.