Title: Day Rota Chemist
Webindex: 69955856
Description: Our Client is looking to recruit a Day Rota Chemist with an immediate start reporting directly to the Section Chemist and frequently interface with operations based personnel and other Analytical senior and development Chemists along with plant based teams requiring both routine and nonroutine analytical support responsible for the following: PURPOSE OF JOB The jobholder will provide a service for sampling, preparing and operating a number of analytical instruments both inlab and online to Plant activities across the Teesside site. Duties will include liaising with both lab and plant based personnel on a range of analytical, technical and operational issues, to meet the Business, Safety, Environmental, Financial and Operational objectives at minimum cost and in the safest manner. RESPONSIBILITIES  Delivery of both routine and nonroutine work through the application of all techniques within the area.  Assist in defining an analytical route for nonroutine analysis and support plant trials.  Assist in the management, supervision and training of staff.  Perform routine maintenance of both lab and plant based equipment.  Ensuring that instrument performance and availability targets are attained.  Ensuring that he/she work in compliance with the quality assurance procedures and work instructions to maintain the integrity of results provided to customers.  Ensuring that he/she work in compliance with all HS E requirements in the area on a real time basis.  Monitor and maintain spares and consumables stock levels. QUALIFICATIONS EXPERIENCE The jobholder will possess, at a minimum, an Advanced Level qualification in a science or sciencerelated subject (preferably Chemistry), or have at least two years proven experience in a similar operating environment. Working hours: Full Time Monday to Friday Please note that due to the high volume of vacancies we are currently working on at present, candidates who are short listed will only be contacted. Thank you for your understanding.