Title: M E CAD TECHNICIAN
Webindex: 72480719
Company: Proactive Recruitment Solutions Limited
Description: JOB TITLE MECHANICAL ELECTRICAL CAD TECHNICIAN  ****K LOCATION: ROMFORD, ESSEX INDUSTRY: ENGINEERING SALARY: SALARY **** plus benefits COMMUTABLE FROM: BRENTWOOD, BASILDON, ROMFORD, GRAYS, RAINHAM, DAGENHAM, ILFORD, ENFIELD, ESSEX Mechanical Electrical CAD Technician. COMPANY Our Client is a leading provider of detailed design, project management and construction management services to utility bodies, developers and contractors throughout the UK. They provide premier quality detailed design, project management and construction management services to utility bodies, developers and contractors throughout the United Kingdom. Specialising in the following disciplines:  Infrastructure and Civil Engineering Design  Land Development Services  Sewer Flooding Investigations  Pollution Investigations  Buried Asset Surveys and Mapping  Construction Management Services  Planning Supervision Services  Utility Competition Law and the New Connections Business  Existing Infrastructure Facilities Renovation and Expansion  Infrastructure New Build Design and Construction  Utility Design and Construction  Process Improvements  Engineering Feasibility and Detailed Design  Project Management, programming and planning  Construction Management and Commissioning  Regulatory Compliance and Advice  Procurement and Expert Contract Advice  Residential Mechanical and Electrical design services (building services design and specification) JOB DESCRIPTION We now require a Mechanical and Electrical CAD Technician with residential MEP expertise, who is familiar with the design of residential hot and cold water, heating, ventilation, public health, lighting, small power and communication systems. This will be a senior role within the CAD team, and some supervisory experience would be a benefit. Essential to have some experience of working alongside Architects and Structural Engineers with coordinating designs. Up to date knowledge of AutoCAD required. Previous work involving residential developers preferred. EXPERIENCE The candidate will need experience working in the UK and working on residential developments, this is essential. Must be able to support the Mechanical Electrical Design Engineers and learn to take ownership of a reasonable level of complementary skill for the M E design discipline. Must be able to lay out services distribution routing to a reasonable degree, and have the experience in plant room design. Need to demonstrate experience in managing CAD standards and will be expected to develop and improve company CAD standards. Will need to take responsibility for design output, including thorough checking of CAD drawings by self and other CAD staff. TO APPLY To apply for this position please send your CV and salary details in complete confidence to claytonproactiverecruitment.co.uk or call Clayton Cruise on **** **** **** As one of the leading engineering recruitment agencies in the UK, the Proactive Recruitment brand is well respected for the high quality of work that we have delivered for both clients and candidates throughout our history. Our indepth knowledge of Technical recruitment across our core sectors, enables us to provide advice based on experience and to give you the best access to client vacancies. We specialise in permanent opportunities in the automotive, aerospace, construction, electronics, engineering and manufacturing sectors. DISCLAIMER: Proactive Recruitment is a recruitment agency advertising this vacancy on behalf of their client.