Title: Commodity Team Leader / Senior Commodity (Electronics)
Webindex: 69008123
Company: Advantage Technical Resourcing
Description: Commodity Team Leader / Senior Commodity (Electronics) Salary: Please state Upon application We currently require a Commodity team leader to drive forward purchasing/procurement activities and improve suppliers. The role will be working across core engineering activities but mainly focused on a Consumer Electronic market. Candidates with experience in both Process and Product are desirable. The role involves the following areas:  Commodity/project procurement strategies  Cost management  Supplier management  Leadership  Contracts Commodity/project procurement strategies Develop and implement specific procurement strategies for each project and spend category. Ensure that supplier capacities and capabilities meets the changing needs of the business. Guarantee continuity of supply ensuring that supply chain risks are identified and mitigated. Cost management Negotiate lowest total cost for parts and subassemblies. Seek opportunities to leverage spend and volume to mitigate cost pressures. Understand what drives cost and own pricing models commensurate with product delivery strategies and commitments. Supplier management Manage suppliers performance. Measure and report on performance and continuously assess and reassess the strategic fit of the supplier/commodity in line with the business need. Where necessary, expedite delivery ensuring a constant vigilance on quality and cost. Leadership Work closely with Manufacturing Engineering and Design to ensure optimum product development, incorporating low risk and cost solutions from the supply chain. Ensure that warranty terms are flowed through the supply chain and that company processes are capable of redeeming the full value should that be required. Contracts Solid legal understanding. Ability to develop and construct a range of supplier contract and service level agreements. The role is focused on the Consumer Electronics industry but will consider application from similar or transferable industries. The role is based in the East Midlands and can pay ****K  ****K for the right candidate. With over 40 years of specialist experience, Advantage Technical Resourcing is the recruiter of choice for IT and Engineering professionals across EMEA. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Please visit our website to find out more about us. Advantage Technical Resourcing: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work