Title: Senior Project Engineer (Electrical)
Webindex: 71198205
Company: Birmingham
Description: Our Client is the world s leading producer of mobile aerial work platforms and a leading producer of telescopic material handlers. They sell principally to rental companies and distributors that rent and sell the Company s products to a diverse customer base, which include users in the industrial, commercial, institutional and construction markets. They have manufacturing facilities located in the United States, France and Belgium, with sales and service locations on six continents providing customers throughout Europe, Scandinavia, Africa and the Middle East. You will be responsible for engineering project(s) within a design and development program. This includes the supervision of teams of engineers and designers. You will also direct high level engineering analysis and design of new and modified components and subsystems in accordance with engineering standards and project scope to ensure that designs meet customer requirements, corporate objectives, are safe, and can be manufactured. The Role: Participate in the budgeting process to include recommending capital improvements and preparing justification data as required. Research, study, and propose use of new technologies to be used in the development of new and improved products. Maintain effective communication with suppliers, internal and external customers, and outside resources concerning technical issues. Communicate project objectives to team members. Enforce the proper use of engineering criteria and drawing standards. Ensure that technical issues are conducted within the framework of company policies and procedures. Evaluate designs for performance, safety and reliability. Directs preparation layouts, drawings, specifications, and bills of material. Create and maintain project documentation for project planning, requirements analysis, risk management, issues, management, status reporting, project communication, and quality assurance. Perform engineering analysis to support the selection of parts, components, and materials that meet requirements. Perform job duties in an ethical, professional manner which is consistent with the Company Way. Conduct duties consistent with the Company s mission statement, quality objectives, and defined policies and procedures. Provide technical assistance for prototype, pilot, and production support. Analyse and resolve issues reported to Engineering via verbal or written communication. Provide guidance to team members to ensure the appropriate engineering analysis is performed and documented. Provide leadership to a technical staff to ensure program success. Assure designs meet customer requirements, statutory requirements, and corporate objectives. Establishes priorities for work delegated to others. Provide management/leadership to technical staff including resource planning, scheduling, and administration to ensure program success. Prepare technical proposals, quotations, reports, and presentations. Able to obtain a secret security clearance as required by job duties. Requirements: Essential: Bachelor Degree in Electrical, Mechanical or General Engineering. Minimum 8 Years experience. Excellent knowledge of Electrical Systems. Preferable: Proven record of managing a team. Experience with a high level CAD system. Excellent IT Command. Experience with automotive or offhighway equipment preferred. Good analytical and problemsolving skills. Prior knowledge of CAN based systems. PTC ProE electrical design and routing CAD skills (RSD). Windchill or Teamcenter PDM/PLM knowledge. Possess a strong mechanical knowledge of vehicles and related systems. Strong verbal presentation and written communication skills. Excellent time management and organizational skills. Strong Team Player. Training Requirements: CAD Software. NPD processes. Windchill PLM. MAPICS production system. Product awareness. Product operation. This vacancy is only available to Candidates with relevant experience as detailed in the job description. Due to volume of applications, we are unable to respond to applicants who do not possess the required skills and experience. Recent Graduates who do not have the required level of industry experience need not apply. Candidates must be authorised to work in the country where this role is located BEFORE making an application.