Title: Electronics Engineer  Contract (Graduate Opportunity)
Webindex: 70105542
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Electronics Engineer  18 Month Fixed Term Contract (Graduate Opportunity) Bedford, Bedfordshire ****  **** pro rata A dynamic electronics business is collaborating with our client, a University, in order to employ a graduate in electronics or engineering to work within their business, funded as part of an initiative that aims to support businesses to reduce their carbon emissions, making substantial energy and cost savings. As such an opportunity has now arisen for an Electronics Engineer to join their team on an 18 month fixed term contract. This is a superb opportunity for an electronics or engineering graduate engineer with analogue electronics design experience looking to gain significant experience within a dynamic field. The successful candidate will have ample support with which to progress their career and there is the potential for this role to evolve into a fulltime position. As an Electronics Engineer, you will be responsible for designing a new compact infrared temperature sensor with enhanced safety features and low power consumption. You will review the current market and produce a specification and test plan, as well as review possible methods of carrying out IR temperature measurements. You will also design measurement and digital circuits and the housing for the unit. Additionally, you will build a prototype and test its performance over a specified temperature range in order to finalise the specification. You will also produce the technical construction file and test results document. Furthermore, you will oversee the initial production of the developed sensor and undertake requisite training of personnel in its use. To be considered for this role, you must have:  A degree or equivalent in electronics, engineering or a related subject at a **** or above  Analogue electronics design engineering experience, gained from your studies, a commercial environment or similar Additionally, as an Electronics Engineer, you must be a highly motivated team player with excellent multitasking skills and the ability to work within strict deadlines. You must also have exceptional interpersonal, communication and problem solving abilities. To apply for the role of Electronics Engineer (18 Month Fixed Term Contract), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Electronics Engineer, 18 Month Fixed Term Contract, Electronics Graduate, Engineering Graduate, Graduate Electronics Engineer, Graduate Engineer, Junior Electronics Engineer, Electronics Engineering Graduate, Electronics, Engineer, Engineering.