Title: SYSTEMS ARCHITECT Medical Systems Engineering  Windsor  ****k, Windsor and Maidenhead
Webindex: 72459629
Company: Randstad
Description: A fantastic opportunity for a SYSTEMS ARCHITECT to join a leading Systems Engineering company for the Healthcare industry. Based in Windsor this role offers a salary in the region of pound;****  pound;**** basic (dependent on experience) plus pension, childcare vouchers and 25 days holiday. THE COMPANY This is a really exciting opportunity to join one of the fastest growing Research and Development companies globally which design and deliver next generation applications and data communications solutions for pharmaceutical and healthcare management industries. These solutions enable patients to better self manage their disease(s) and in turn allow healthcare management organisations to dramatically reduce healthcare service delivery costs whilst providing better patient care. You will be part of a fastgrowing company which delivers quality at scale, connects clinicians, patients and their data together through its secure, costeffective and medicallycertified solutions and continuously strives to improve patients quality of life. THE ROLE As a result of the heavily regulatory environment they operate in, quality is at the heart of what they deliver  The endtoend applications they design are highly innovative, robust and massively scalable and follow a rigorous and highassurance, agile methodology. As SYSTEMS ARCHITECT you will be responsible for defining the system architecture for Platform or Product in conjunction with helping to define high level and detailed requirements for Platform or Product. You will be working within a team of architects to define architectural approaches and work closely with the engineers to design aspects of the system. As SYSTEMS ARCHITECT you will evaluate and research of new technologies and technology standards, working in accordance with quality management processes. REQUIRED SKILLS Significant experience of medium to large system or product development environment Experience architecting and designing highly scalable and flexible systems Experience with enterprise scale technologies for integration, CRM, ERP, using Microsoft Technologies Experience with backoffice application integration to e.g financial, distribution, manufacturing systems Full project software lifecycle experience Experience with architectural and design patterns appropriate for N tier systems Prior experience with .NET development languages Experience of database design and knowledge of database technologies (SQL Server preferred) Knowledge of data access technologies, web development and web services (e.g. SOAP, REST) Knowledge of security and risk management Good analytical and problem solving skills Familiar with hosting technologies amp; infrastructure e.g. disaster recovery, routers, backup (Desirable) Familiar with technologies amp; industry standards e.g. for Bluetooth, Zigbee, GSM, TPC, HTTP, SOAP (Desirable) Experience in a regulated environment (i.e. ISO 13485) (Desirable)  Their office are close to the M25, M3 and M4 and within commutable distance from West London, Hampshire, Surrey and Berkshire  Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills amp; qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. Skills ARCHITECT, SYSTEMS ARCHITECT, SOLUTIONS ARCHITECT. APPLICATIONS ARCHITECT, SOFTWARE ENGINEERING, ENTERPRISE, .NET, C, CRM, PROJECT, LIFECYCLE, MICROSOFT, OO, SOA, REST, SOAP, APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT, PLATFORM, PROJECT, MEDICAL DEVICES, PHARMA