Title: Certification Manager
Webindex: 71125357
Company: Orion Electrotech
Description: Certification Manager Salary  **** basic DOE, plus car allowance **** 20% bonus management incentive bonus, pension, etc. Duration  Permanent Sector  Aerospace Location  South East England / Bedfordshire Relocation Assistance available for suitable candidates It is a prerequisite for this requirement that candidates have a British /EU passport or work in the UK without sponsorship An excellent opportunity exists for a Certification Manager to join a rapidly growing business and leading business in the aerospace sector. The appointed Certification Manager will be responsible supervising the certification workflow within the Engineering Department, ensuring that all activities are conducted in accordance with the relevant FAA/EASA standards and airframe requirements. The Certification Manager will focus on Verification of certification compliance for all modified products through analytical and test methodologies, applied to demonstrate to structural integrity (dynamic and static), flammability, HIC, interface loads, etc. mechanical systems. The appointed Certification manager will provide continuous improvement across all certification related activities in support of business growth and increased operational efficiency. The selected Certification Manager will carry out the following; ****Technical Expertise Ensuring that all engineering programs are conducted in accordance with current applicable certification standards (both FAA/EASA). Maintain an in depth understanding of current FAA and EASA airworthiness requirements, together with their application to legacy products. Provide a technical focal point for both the Certification Engineers and the wider business to enable effective resolution of all technical issues, providing guidance and management where appropriate. Attain/Develop Airworthiness CVE status within the certification team for the business segment (UK) EASA DOA. Support the Certification Director in the maintenance and control of the DOA Office of Airworthiness. 2.Leadership / Team Management Provide functional team leadership for all the Certification Engineers, understanding individual s key competencies and abilities. Making recommendations for CVE status where appropriate. Responsible for developing the skills knowledge within the certification team, ensuring that certification team are able to all cover subject matter to support the business needs. Provide active participation in both project and technical review meetings, able to chair technical meetings where required. Provide career development paths for all Certification Engineers, defining and applying training where necessary ensuring a solid skills coverage, including succession planning. ****Business Development Enhance liaison with both the US and OEM certification teams for more effective communication and increased commonality of best practice. Increase and maintain a high level of quality for all certification documentation, through effective review and approval. Ensure high ethics are maintained at all times. Promote a lean culture within the department focusing on all its customers, right first time, problem solving and efficient delivery. Support the development of the certification toolset to support certification progress against scope and budget. Build and maintain effective relationships with customers, authorities, suppliers and associated company facilities The appointed Certification Manager will need to meet the following key requirements for the role; Degree Engineering or Technically related degree Around **** year s experience in passenger seating certification or within aircraft interiors Ability to achieve CVE status within 2 years Designated Engineering Representative, CVE or Chartered Engineer. Previous experience of team leadership and development skills. Proven track record of proactive resolution of technical issues. Strong analytical skills Strong communication skills This position in other companies can be referred to as. Head of Certification and Airworthiness or Airworthiness Manager, Approvals Manager, Head of Approvals, CVE Manager, Technical Certification Manager. Head of Airworthiness Orion Electrotech Ltd acts as both an Employment Business and Employment Agency and complies with the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations Act ****