Title: Leakage Supervisor  FDTEC****
Webindex: 65441391
Company: MWH Treatment
Description: Leakage Supervisor The MWH organization is driving the wet infrastructure sector globally, and we are leading the world in resultsoriented management, technical engineering, and construction services to create a better world. The wet infrastructure sector we serve encompasses a variety of waterrelated projects and programs ranging from water supply, treatment and storage to water resources management and coastal restoration, and from design and construction of hydropower and renewable energy facilities to full environmental services. Description MWH Treatment are looking to strengthen our Leakage team with a Leakage Supervisor, reporting directly to the area manager. To ensure the effective and efficient management of the MWH’s Operational area team for which the Supervisor is responsible to deliver the services and achieve the annual Company Reported Leakage target.  To manage the MWH’s Operational area team to meet all performance targets.  To coordinate staff, information and resources to enable prompt detection of leaks or consumption that affects the Anglian Water’s Leakage level.  To ensure resource costs / hours are accurately captured and input to enable accurate monthly financial application.  To review the targeting data and prioritise the leakage activities required, the method of approach and the deployment / allocation of field staff.  To ensure team complies with H S, HR, NRSWA, Environmental and QA procedures.  To ensure sufficient labour / plant / transport / material resources are available to carry out both planned and reactive leak detection work in and out of hours.  To undertake performance management of all leak detection staff (direct and indirect  staff) to ensure service levels are met and to formulate plans for improvement.  Ensure effective team working and liaison with Anglian Water staff.  Ensure adherence with Anglian Water procedures and to work with Leakage Delivery Manager to continuously improve procedures.  To ensure that data for which the MWH has responsibility is complete, accurate and consistent with Leakage Operational requirements for audit.  To ensure all members of the MWH team are trained and qualified to perform their duties.  Undertake reactive work in own operational area where applicable.  Ensure all vehicles and plant are properly maintained and inspected to comply with all  relevant legislation.  Hold monthly briefings with staff and contractors, as directed by Area Manager.  Assistance in DG**** / DG**** Incidents and Emergency Events.  Ensure that field staff on site are supported and audited in their awareness of procedures and technical competence.  Perform regular inspections of vehicles, plant and equipment to ensure any defects are identified, reported and resolved.  Monitor, intervene and instigate improvement plan for any staff who are failing to deliver the services to the Anglian Water including work output, quality of output and attendance.  Coach direct reports to develop and improve.  Escalate issues to Area Manager where applicable.  To act as first line support to staff with issues and concerns. Qualifications  Minimum **** years Leakage operational experience and 3 GCSE’s including English.  Must understand the workings of Distribution systems.  Full driving licence required.  Knowledge of regulatory requirements and procedures.  Experience of running and motivating an Operational team.  Good Line Management skills and performance management capability.  Good interpersonal and communication skills.  Good IT Skills Leakage application / technology knowledge.  Knowledge of work management and reporting systems  Ability to work to targets, to work under pressure and in emergency situations is essential. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LeakageSupervisorFDTEC3_job****