Title: Equipment Designer
Webindex: 70438837
Company: BAE Systems
Description: Equipment Designer BAE Systems Maritime Naval Combat Management Systems are looking for a hardware systems engineer. To join our DNA (2) team in New Malden Join us as a Equipment Designer and you ll be looking at physical design of hardware systems; incorporating the design of cabinets and consoles, as well as the networks inside, and how these will fit into ships The DNA(2) CMS has been developed at New Malden and Frimley and is currently being installed across the Type 23 fleet. DNA(2) is a CMS**** based architecture making extensive use of Commercial off the Shelf (COTS) products. There are several ongoing development areas (including the extension of DNA(2)s internal Data Transfer System to become a ship wide network) that require an experienced Hardware Systems Engineer. As a Equipment Designer you will be involved with the evaluation and design of the ongoing developments, providing support to both inhouse and externally held existing reference systems and, involvement with installation and setting to work activities at the Land Based Test Site and possibly on ship. As a Equipment Designer your main responsibilities will involve: Producing technical specifications for the detailed design and manufacture of hardware systems. Assisting the Frimley Design Office in the development of electromechanical aspects of enclosures. Involvement in design proving and qualification, including environmental and EMC aspects Specification of transverse requirements. Liaising with the DNA(2), JSS and SCE project delivery teams to ensure compatibility and consistency of design. Preparation of equipment for delivery. The investigation and resolution of design issues Generation of design, test and Installation documentation Collating estimates for the cost of design, manufacture and support of the hardware solutions. Liaising with key stakeholders and MoD customers to establish, understand, and deliver against, their requirements. Support to design reviews in accordance with LCM governance. Support to Customer design reviews, Customer working groups and Customer Safety re looking for in you Working in this high profile role, you will have excellent communication skills with the ability to build strong working relationships at all levels both internally and externally. A cando, enthusiastic attitude with a flexible approach and openness to involvement in all aspects of the team s work. Salary: ****  BAE Systems BAE Systems is one of the world s leading global defence, security and aerospace companies. We work at the cutting edge of technology, creating more than **** new inventions every year for customers in over 100 countries. BAE Systems Maritime Services is a 600M business employing approx **** people, offering end to end maritime services including: Warship Availability and Support Naval Base Services Product and Training Services Performance. It brings us together. BAE Systems welcomes applications from all sections of the community