Title: Electrical Service Technician
Webindex: 68347183
Company: Orion Electrotech Ltd
Description: ELECTRICAL SERVICE TECHNICIAN VACANCY This position is ideally suited to those with experience of full time field service work, who like a role with worldwide travel. Trips are usually between 15 days long and thus you will usually be home at weekends. Occasional service jobs require a 2week scheduling. Reporting To: The Service Manager. Qualifications Electrical Engineering City Guilds level 1 2 **** or HNC/HND and/or 17th edition, or electrical degree. Extensive recent experience of 3 phase industrial environments essential Knowledge of PCBs PLCs (uploading of programmes and interrogation of fault record for trouble shooting) European language ability (in addition to English) an advantage Must speak clear fluent English Must be free to travel worldwide with no restrictions Must have a current driving licence with no more than 3 points on. Training You will be given comprehensive training in the factory to gain knowledge of components, assembly (electrical/electronic and mechanical), repairs and refurbishments, product testing, analysis and fault finding skills. You will then accompany other experienced Service Technicians on installation and service jobs on site at customer premises. Once a sufficient level of competency has been gained you will go to site unaccompanied to carry out the full range of tasks. You will be out on site 90% and in house 10% Assembly skills Light mechanical electrical/electronic assembly Repair and rerfurbishment of components as required. Test skills Setting up the UV systems for test assembling the mechanical and electrical /electronic components/assemblies. Measuring recording information using a variety of instruments including air pressure, temperature, voltage, current, UV sensors following the quality test checks. Calibration of UV curing systems within the control specification and tolerances. Analysis and fault finding skills as appropriate. Field service work Installation of electromechanical industrial equipment predominantly on to printing presses both as new and retrofit equipment Commissioning the UV system, recording the required measurements. Test the equipment to satisfy the customer s requirements and provide operator training. Service and repair of existing systems. Gaining experience and building up a knowledge of printing applications and the factors affecting UV curing. Travel in the UK and overseas worldwide working mostly alone but with support from the inhouse service team. Tools Clothing All necessary tools and safety equipment are provided. GEW uniform provided safety shoes, overalls, trousers, polo shirts, jacket, outer coat Remuneration package staff earn in the region of ****K once working in the field with overtime Basic annual salary for 39.5 hrs per week  **** O/T at **** basic hourly rate (over 39.5 basic hrs per week) It is essential you are prepared to work overtime. (During the first 3 months of training there will be little overtime required.) Company car, mobile telephone, and computer provided Out of pocket expenses reimbursed Pension, life assurance, after qualifying probationary period (6 months) Private healthcare and increased pension contributions after further qualifying period (23 years) 20 days holiday, plus UK Bank holidays per calendar year. Holiday entitlement rises with length of service. Format of Interviewing Process: 1st interview Discussion with Service Manager, schematics. 2nd interview with HR Director discussion. Tour of the premises. There may also be a short practical which could comprise any of the following: wiring/ identification of electrical, electronic parts/ reading electrical drawings/ assembly.Orion Electrotech Ltd acts as both an Employment Business and Employment Agency and complies with the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations Act ****