Title: Senior Structural Engineer  West London
Webindex: 68804945
Company: Randstad
Description: My client is a major property consulting firm with a small structural engineering department based in Ealing, West London. An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Chartered Structural Engineer to run this department and supervise the small team of structural engineers. The work will involve buildings design for buildings projects such as schools and council buildings, structural surveys and some building control work. You must be Chartered MIstructE or MICE, a good hands on designer and able to supervise other staff and liaise with clients and other multidiscipline team members. Main Purpose of the role: Leading a small team of structural engineers responsible for delivering inhouse innovative designs solutions within a BIM environment. Develop new work opportunities within the Ealing framework and Ability to develop beyond current role to undertake PM role in Ealing. Ability to play a wider role in business development on the Ealing Commission. Responsibilities Provide support to Project Managers / Service Leaders / Lead Designers, and lead/assist in delivering medium sized projects, and professional assignments, in either new build or live operating business environments. Work collaboratively with project managers and multidisciplinary design team to manage related issues on the projects and liaise with stakeholders on requirements. Additionally utilise technology to support our delivery. Strong personal presence pre and post contract working with team members to plan, do review project activity associated with the supply chain in regards to safety, programme, quality, contractors performance and recommending and implementing corrective action. Deliver the agreed scope of works including the leadership and management of meetings with the supply chain, and stakeholders. Work with client stakeholders and operational team to deliver project solutions that support the operational model. Deliver projects with the framework of risk, sustainability and environmental considerations agreed at the business case/client brief stage, while maintaining focus on time, cost and quality. On Programmes of Work engage the Programme Office to embed common service solution into project delivery. Utilise sector Specific Market, Client and Built Asset Know How (Insight) Carry out resource planning and monitor progress to ensure commissions are delivered on time and budgets We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills Structural Engineer