Title: Mobile Commercial Gas/Combustion Engineer
Webindex: 70608044
Company: CBSbutler
Description: CBSbutler is currently recruiting for a Commercial Gas/ Combustion Engineer on behalf of one of our clients in the Manchester area. My client specialises in providing reactive repairs and breakdowns to a number of HVAC equipment on industrial and commercial sites across the North West of England. They are currently looking for a Commercial Gas/Combustion Engineer to work on multiple sites. As a commercial gas/combustion engineer, you will responsible for the service and breakdown on commercial heating  plant rooms, boilers, water heaters, pumps etc. If successful, you will be based in Manchester and surrounding areas. This role will come with a company vehicle. The role of Commerical gas/Combustion Engineer; As the commercial gas/combustion engineer you will be working in the Manchester area servicing and attending to breakdowns. There may also be some aspects of commissioning boilers and also maintaining splits, FCU s and AHU s. Responsibilities and Main Duties of Commercial gas/Combustion Engineer: To ensure compliance with the BMS as it applies to this position Schedule effective PPM regime for all boilers under direct control Carry out handson work as required Prepare estimates for additional works and submit through Coordinators Contract Manager Carry out safety inspections as and when required in line with Quality Procedures Carry out boiler maintenance Carry out PPM maintenance to other equipment if required Liaise with the mobile team to ensure effective planning of all maintenance is effectively completed To be aware of any potential additional works from job sheets and client requests. To monitor and sign worksheets, expenses, time allocation sheets and vehicle sheets in line with the maintenance procedures Main Duties of the Commercial Gas/Combustion Engineer: To understand and complete all work related documentation accurately and on time To understand and comply with policies and procedures To carry out work in a safe and diligent manner To comply with all Health and Safety policies and procedures To attend and fully participate in training and appraisal activities as required To undertake additional duties in line with capabilities as required Person Specification: Suitable qualifications to carry out maintenance and repair to gas boilers that are recognised by Gas Safe. Computer Literate Good Communication Skills Work under own initiatives Time Management Customer Liaison/Care Work within a team structure Negotiation skills The Commercial Gas Service/Combustion Engineer will have good understanding of Health you must also have all your domestic gas certificates to be considered for this role. CBSbutler is a multi award winning Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. CBSbutler is an equal opportunities employer