Title: Junior/Assistant PM  Datacentres
Webindex: 68710659
Company: ATA
Description: Consultancy Assistant PM / Junior Project Manager Requirement Have you worked on Data Centre Projects? If so, I want to hear from you. Our client is a prestigious consultancy with a worldwide presence and an excellent reputation for delivering expertise in buildings, engineering and infrastructure for their customers. Their PM team are currently seeing growth in various sectors of the built environment and have a formidable plan to increase the number of Project Managers within the organisation. At the moment, excellent reputation and repeat business in the `Datacentre' sector means they are now looking for a talented Project Manager to join the team in Central London. Current and future projects include work with a number of major Global/European datacentre operators in UK and Europe (including France, Germany, Netherlands, Switzerland),UK telecommunications providers and leading financial institutions. The Data Centre Business within is well established and growing with over **** engineers dedicated to design and delivery at any time. Role: You will work on Data Centre (and other Industrial) projects as client facing project manager from project feasibility and business case stage through design and delivery to building handover and operational start up. Responsibilities:  Act as project manager and main point of contact between client and team  Chair and minute project progress and design team meetings  Prepare monthly project client reports  Procure and manage input from other consultants (e.g. architect, planning, building control, CDMC)  Manage project programme and cost plan  Manage client team stakeholders  Manage contractor and vendor procurement processes  Act as Contract Administrator for Construction and Equipment Supply Contracts  Liaise with design team lead designer to ensure design progress and quality matches client expectations  Liaise with other project managers and design teams to ensure best practice and knowledge transfer  Report to Project Director and Data Centre Business Leader Requirements:  Degree Qualified  Chartered in Project Management / similar  Consultancy Practice or Consultant Engineering background preferred  Understand projects **** to 10 million  Experience of Asssitant Project Management and/or Delivery of Datacentre projects, or similar environment.  Mixture of project experience in both refurbishment and new build.  Excellent stakeholder and client management experience  London based  Excellent communication skills  IT Skills This role comes with a market leading package structure that will include benefits for the right person. If this opportunity interests you and you feel you have the necessary skills and experience, I would be pleased to hear from you. Please could you contact me by email with your CV at Alex.Newhamatarecruitment.co.uk or telephone **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/JuniorAssistantPMDatacentres_job****