Title: Industrial Air Quality Consultant
Webindex: 72635450
Company: Fusion People Ltd
Description: An excellent opportunity has arisen for an experienced consultant to join this leading engineering and environmental consultancy. The client requires a suitably qualified consultant to work with their Air Quality and EIA team to develop industrial air quality modelling and assessment services. Based in any of three regional offices, and with a high level of selfsufficiency, the successful candidate will be responsible for delivering industrial air quality assessments for existing clients and assisting the team in developing new clients. There will be opportunities to work on a wide variety of exciting and challenging projects in the regeneration, waste and energy sectors, with a key objective of furthering the client s capability in these fields. They are seeking candidates that are already working in a similar position within a leading consultancy, with a significant track record in industrial air quality assessments and who are able to demonstrate high level skills in project management. Core responsibilities of the position will include: Liaising with clients, project teams and local authorities; Undertaking air quality assessments and preparing reports, with the main emphasis on industrial projects, although some involvement in trafficrelated assessments will be likely; Contributing to various initiatives, such as developing new services and improving standards; Preparing fee proposals and assisting with bids; and Opportunities to be involved in the delivery of other services, including EIA and environmental permitting. The ideal candidate should have: An appropriate degree or equivalent (with or working towards appropriate professional membership preferred). Significant consultancy experience in industrial air quality assessments and stack emissions modelling. Experience in traffic assessments and odour assessments would be beneficial. Practical expertise in air quality modelling including use of ADMS, AERMOD, ADMSRoads and DMRB. GIS skills. Monitoring, including designing and managing surveys (passive and automatic monitoring). Good understanding of air quality assessment methods for EIAs, standalone assessments and environmental permitting. Excellent communication skills (including report writing). Positive and proactive approach. The ability to work as part of a team. Full clean UK Driving Licence. The role offers excellent career progression opportunities within a friendly and professional team that is proud of the quality of the service it delivers to its clients. Benefits include: Competitive salary  negotiable according to skills and experience. Excellent flexible benefits scheme. Excellent future career opportunities. For further information on this role or to submit a CV please contact Jack Bartlett on or (Apply online only) quoting the reference number ENV****  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business