Title: Reliability Control Engineer
Webindex: 69535032
Company: Online Resourcing
Description: A truly global influence in FMCG food, Mars manufactures and distributes a diverse range of products across continents. With 100 years of history, and being home to some of the worlds' best known brands, this is a corporation founded on core values which demonstrate its commitment to the people that make things happen  people like you. A job here is never just a job  are you up to the challenge of a career with this market leader? As part of a small team and reporting to the reliability manager you will be required to maximise production efficiency by developing and delivering Electrical and Control Reliability Plans, supporting Planned Maintenance programmes and resolving complex controls issues. This is a key role with direct influence over the performance of the factory operation. You will be involved in the maintenance of electrical control elements of assets worth IRO 50m Accountabilities include • Compliance with GMP/GHP standards, and ensuring other workers follow suit • Development and delivery of an optimised control reliability plan including PM documentation • Coordinate and complete planned electrical maintenance activities, repairs and works orders factory wide. • Diagnose, manage and resolve complex technical issues, including follow up actions • Identify, justify and initiate permanent fixes and improvements to equipment control & electrical design, setup or maintenance • Collect, collate and analyse control& electrical efficiency and condition monitoring data • Manage the knowledge base of key control technologies and provide specialist knowledge as required. • Manage equipment obsolescence programme • Provide technical input to project teams, and represent team interests • Coach and mentor others on reliability issues • Contribute to local work groups and cross functional improvement teams as required The Reliability Control Engineer will be an Engineering graduate and / or time served (or equivalent) electrical engineer with a minimum ONC / HNC and validated experience. Already be working in a similar reliability role ideally with a leading FMCG company you will be able to demonstrate from previous experience a thorough understanding of the benefit of reliability and continuous improvement measures and examples of the results it brings. You are likely to be ambitious, keen to maximise the value of your skills and experience in an environment which will support and encourage the sharing of your ideas to stimulate innovation. Working across departments and functions will make demands on your ability to communicate effectively with people right across the business, able to interpret technical concepts in simple terms to obtain buy in and cooperation from all involved. The rewards are what you might expect from a market leader, a salary scale between **** to **** 25 days holiday, two bonus opportunities, a generous pension and PHI. In addition the company has a positive approach to continuous technical learning and self development. Mars is an exciting place to work. It champions innovation, and has an eye on the top spot for all of its products across the company. At a time when others have been cutting costs Mars has continued to invest in the development of technologies product and people. There is an opportunity here to really make a difference in a company that offers genuine career progression. Interested?