Title: Offshore Project Manager of HVDC package
Webindex: 67946033
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Our client is looking for a project manager to oversee the HVDC package from initiation through pre construction, construction and commissioning. Important Project management of large substation installation The Job The jobholder reports to the Renewables Project Delivery Manager, will manage a growing team of less experienced project managers / assistant project managers and will be required to liaise closely with the Client, Project Engineers, Construction Managers, Procurement Managers and a number of individuals throughout a multidisciplinary group. Responsible for delivering work packages of projects ensuring they are delivered to safety and environmental requirements, technical specification, programme, contract price and aligned with company s strategy. Responsible for managing pound;multimillion work contracts. Lead multidisciplined project teams to deliver major projects in a multicontract delivery model, providing necessary guidance to effectively integrate all contracts and achieving milestone requirements. Negotiation of T amp;C s of contracts with JV partner and contractors working with legal, procurement, H amp;S and environmental depts. Providing regular updates to management board. Provide accurate capital expenditure forecasts for projects. Manage and report on expenditures using company s financial tools. Manage interfaces between contracts. Identification and management of technical amp; project risks, issues and impacts of the contract to minimize dangers during project delivery and rest of asset life. Manage resolution of adhoc issues that may impact work package or wider project delivery. Communicate effectively with all affected parties. Effectively plan and monitor project delivery and the distribution of tasks within the team related. Manage the tender processes from a project perspective, from a client and contractor view point. Includes technical and legal aspects that might affect the project performance. Chair progress, coordination and interface meetings with the team, Client and contractors. Lead project work packages programme with respect to engineering coordination, resources, contracts (materials and services) and management of site constraints and limitations. Lead the procurement of long lead items of plant to meet delivery timescales, specifications and budget. Responsible for Team and Contractors compliance with specifications and standards Ensure availability of contract programme Ensure Team/Project Compliance with Quality Management Systems. Liase with relevant engineering staff to ensure work package engineering is delivered to project milestones and designs effectively communicated to the project team and suppliers. Supervision and approval of milestone completion documentation from Project Team Overall responsibility for client satisfaction Development of the procurement strategy Skills and Qualifications Engineering degree qualified or equivalent experience Project Management (in large scale power generation or transmission projects) Project risk management and control Communication skills Procurement processes Contract management e.g. FIDIC, NEC, JCT Financial control/forecasting Understanding of and able to implement quality assurance processes Health, safety and environmental legislation applicable to construction projects particularly CDM PC knowledge including Microsoft applications Knowledge of specification, design, maintenance, construction and commissioning of systems related to offshore windfarms. Awareness of regulatory issues impacting the business Customer liaison Proven ability to lead and work in a team environment Excellent negotiation skills Team management skills To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK