Title: Responsible Engineer  Mechanical
Webindex: 67947861
Company: AST Recruitment Limited
Description: Responsible Engineer  Mechanical: RESPONSIBLE FOR: Delivering mechanical design and production of design documentation to quality, time and budget. Also, responsible of managing packages of work, managing mechanical design delivering team and interfaces with others (Stress Analysis, CE I, Safety, Manufacturing and Project Management). Role of Function To work flexibly to undertake a variety of mechanical designs associated with the design, test, substantiation and installation of high integrity mechanical plant and systems. Support the engineering manager in major business activities and special projects. Supervise and support others in engineering. By:  Determining overall requirements in terms of cost, time, resource and technical content of mechanical design with the Manager. Design and formulate plans which satisfy these requirements in conjunction with allocated staff.  Providing mechanical design input to tenders, consistent with the job holder s level of experience.  Producing mechanical designs which satisfy technical content, timelines, cost and satisfies company standards and procedures.  Coordinate and manage all engineering activities on allocated projects or part projects as required.  Undertake mechanical design tasks, particularly the design and analysis of mechanisms and mechanical plant.  Being responsible for the development of allocated junior staff as appropriate.  Leading discussions with internal and external customers and suppliers in order to ensure that programmes are delivered to specification, cost and time.  Coordinating with other areas within the business in order to ensure the provision of appropriate design support commitment.  Keeping abreast of latest technology and identify technology developments and resources appropriate to the business needs and engineering activities.  Supervise small multi disciplined teams to achieve project deliverables.  Writing comprehensive reports, proposals or recommendations for checking and approval by the supervisor and may support the supervisor in any technical discussions with outside bodies or customers. Accountabilities Responsible for ensuring technical accuracy and delivering of design projects satisfying time, quality and costs to the standards set by the engineering department. Liaise with C I, safety and analysis personnel to optimise solutions. Ensuring allocated staff satisfy fully their accountabilities.