Title: Roofing Technician
Webindex: 70215612
Company: Adecco
Description: Our client is seeking and experience Technician to join its existing Ipswich based team.Working in the Technical Department this role offers an exciting and challenging opportunity to provide support to Clients and Technical Sales Managers involving the production of drawings and survey reports, together with the checking and processing of specifications within a specialised environment. The ideal candidate will be technically minded and originate from a Construction Industry/Architectural background with an understanding of flat roof waterproofing systems. Working knowledge of CAD and computer literacy are essential. An understanding of the NBS Specification format and interpretation of architectural drawings, a keen eye for detail and the ability to communicate well at all levels is also desirable. General role and responsibilities: Working as a team with the section manager to ensure the department runs smoothly and efficiently. Attending meetings Flexibility for working additional hours when requested. A proactive approach. Provide effective internal and external communication. Maintain a level of general expertise for all systems. Tasks: Creating detailed drawings. Creating Tapered Insulation schemes using TaperPlus. Specification checking. NBS and standard. Thermal Analysis U/Value Calcs. Project liaison with ATSM s & Site Technicians. Deal with telephone enquiries. Addressing/managing problem issues. Learn new products. Any other duties, as requested by section manager. Key attributes: Working knowledge of Flat Roof waterproofing systems and their construction advantageous A good level of spelling and grammar is essential Technically minded, logical and precise, with a high degree of accuracy and attention to detail Approachable and diplomatic Excellent communication skills / personable manner Basic level of CAD is essential Ability to work proactively both as an individual and as part of a team Computer literate and familiar with Microsoft Office (Word, Outlook, Excel) Driven and motivated Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy