Title: Stress Team Leader (Gas Turbine Stress)  Bristol / WestonsuperMare
Webindex: 66587704
Company: Evodia
Description: Our client, a leading provider of outsourced engineering solutions, is currently looking for Stress Engineering Team Leader to join their team in a permanent full time position. Role:  Coordinate tasks, monitor and report on delivery performance.  Ensure team activities follow appropriate quality management procedures for defining technical content and project reporting.  Identify the requirements of a task, establish good working relationships with key stakeholders, estimate the work content, technically guide a small team of engineers.  Liaise with customer to report progress and ensure tasking is completed to time cost and quality.  Provide engineering input to technical, commercial and contract reviews within the company Responsibilities / Accountabilities:  To supervise a team of engineers, distributing tasks appropriately, communicating with the team.  Provide engineering input to technical, commercial and contract reviews within the company and with customers.  Ensure that all project stakeholders have the right information at the right time, through proactive communication.  Supporting the team through individual progress reviews, providing feedback, managing performance and conduct issues.  Identify training and development needs to ensure current and future skill requirements are met and addressed through coaching, on the job training and making recommendations for formal training. Skills/Experience Required:  Previous experience operating as a team leader / supervisory level.  Applicants should have a sound background in Aerospace Engineering with experience relevant to gas turbine stress analysis. Able to understand and apply knowledge of:  Ultimate, Proof and Fatigue loading.  Bolted Joints and other fastening systems.  Pressure, Thermal, Gyroscopic and Acceleration (linear and rotational) loads.  Finite Element Analysis Techniques  Fracture Mechanics (Desirable)  Creep, Corrosion, Fretting and Wear (Desirable)  SC**** Abaqus, Patran, Nastran, MS Excel. (Desirable) Due to the nature of work candidates should be UK citizen/ EU Citizen/ Valid work permit holder. Please forward your C.V. in the first instance to apply. We would be delighted to hear from you Evodia Limited operates as a Consultancy or as an Employment Business Agency, depending upon the precise nature of the work. Evodia Limited are an equal opportunities employer.