Title: Embedded Software Engineer  C device driver  Nr Newbury
Webindex: 71856531
Company: Saxon Recruitment Solutions
Description: Embedded Software Engineer  C Device Drivers  Nr Newbury. Berks/Oxon Border. Commutable from Abingdon, Didcot, Newbury, Reading, Basingstoke. Embedded C, Embedded Software, Firmware, FreeBSD Kernel, RTOS, Linux, Device drivers, PCIe, Fiber channel, SAS, SCSI, iSCSI, Storage, Datacentre, SATA disks, Disk storage, R D. This highly efficient and innovative professional Storage Data Centre Systems company are seeking an experienced Embedded C/C++ Software Engineer to work in their small R D office near Newbury, on the Oxfordshire / Berkshire border. As an Embedded Software Engineer it is essential you have experience in Embedded C and FreeBSD kernel development knowledge is important, RTOS, BSD or Linux in an embedded system and Driverlevel code capability to interface to chips on client s PCBs, in particular PCIe experience, high speed. Driverlevel development especially PCIe knowledge on BSD, in an embedded application. In addition to strong C coding it is desirable if you have knowledge of NVMe, SRIOV and PCIe fabric , experience of solid state disks, flash technologies, and cache acceleration, knowledge of high performance data storage, server clustering, and big data/fast data. As an Embedded Software Engineer it would be useful if you have experience of SAS / SATA disks, SCSI protocol and iSCSI, knowledge of coding algorithms dealing with cache handling, RAID calculations, knowledge of embedded web servers, SNMP, SSL and related stacks is handy, knowledge of lowlevel host functionality (disk filesystem) for Windows, BSD and Linux. Some knowledge of programming multiple processor cores for maximum efficiency. The ideal candidate will have good experience from recognizable / interesting companies and / or on real products that have had market success, preferably with datacentreoriented products. You will have developed Products from concept through to production over the full Development Lifecycle. We dont want engineers who cant describe exactly what they have designed, and who were just a peripheral part of a large team working on a specific, narrow module. You will be comfortable working in a small, very bright and goahead group, willing to learn to specialise in several areas of the overall product set, while remaining flexible. You will be selfmotivated, inquisitive and analytical and enjoy an informal environment and fairly flat structure, where technical excellence defines your standing in the group. You will have much work variety including Development, customer bugfix support, helping the test and support groups understand the product better and working with hardware engineers to help bring up systems from scratch. Candidates will have a valid UK driving licence and own transport for occasional travel to other sites, suppliers and customers. Excellent Technically challenging R D career opportunities.