Title: Control Systems Software Engineers to ****k  Overtime
Webindex: 71369545
Company: Automation Experts
Description: Control Systems Software Engineers Coventry, West Midlands Permanent ****  Overtime Ref: SJH**** Control Systems Software Engineers are immediately required to join a large team engaged in the concept and detailed design of special purpose machinery and industrial automation control systems. The successful candidate will have a background of PLC / HMI control systems incorporating Siemens or Allen Bradley. Experience of Visual basic, SQL and/or Labview is highly advantageous, but not essential. Experience with Servo Drive Applications, Motion Control or CNC Controls would be highly desirable as is flexibility to travel if required. There is an excellent benefits package on offer including paid overtime and the opportunity to obtain training and personal development. Providing bespoke solutions traditionally for many expanding manufacturing sectors throughout the UK, this West Midlands based company specialise in the design and manufacture of bespoke automation control systems. They have expanded their operation and now serve the international Nuclear Power and Energy sectors. For further information call Sharon Hill on (Apply online only). Alternatively, email a copy of your current CV quoting the above reference number. A full list of live vacancies can be found on our website (url removed) Looking for a job involved with maintenance, service or design for automated machinery, control systems, process control solutions or systems integration projects? Register your details on our website where you will find a full list of live positions where a customised automated search process allows immediate access to new vacancies as they are registered. Free, confidential service. All respondents to this position must be eligible to live and work in the UK  Automation Experts are unable to assist with the award of Visas or UK Work Permits. As a registered engineer, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme where you will receive **** tax free for every engineer we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Automation Experts offer recruitment services on a contract and permanent basis; We support many of the leading companies throughout the UK. For a confidential discussion with an experienced consultant, please do not hesitate to telephone (Apply online only)