Title: Electronic Development Engineer
Webindex: 69008242
Company: CY Partners
Description: Electronic Development Engineer Reporting to: Engineering / General Manager The company is establishing a multidisciplined engineering team and the Electronic Development Engineer is a key addition to the business. This provides a unique opportunity for the right individual to develop rapidly with the business as it transitions from product research and development into production in the next few years. The Electronics Development Engineer role covers all aspects of product development from concept through to product release. Duties Developing conceptual requirements into specifications and project plans. Designing, implementing and testing new electronic products. Producing schematics, PCB designs, BOMs and control documentation to company requirements. Interfacing with and managing key suppliers Taking responsibility for managing projects and ensuring their timely completion. Testing products to satisfy performance and approval requirements. Producing documentation and test reports to required standards. Supporting and specifying suitable production test equipment. Person Profile: Applications welcome from candidates that are educated to degree level with a minimum of 3 years industry experience. Candidates with postdoctoral qualifications are highly desired. The ideal candidate would have a power electronics and motor control background. It would be desirable to have a broad range of experience at the board level, including digital design, analog, RF, PCB layout, Power Electronics and motor control. Any automotive experience would be very desirable, though not a preexquisite. Capable of working both alone and as part of a small multidisciplined team Enthusiastic with the ability to learn quickly Flexible and able to prioritise tasks Effective timemanagement skills The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove that they are legally entitled to work in the UK. CY Partners Recruitment Ltd, trading as CY Partners is an Employment Business/Agency