Title: Site Maintenance Supevisor
Webindex: 72239846
Company: Randstad CPE
Description: SITE MAINTENANCE SUPERVISOR  LONDON CITY  FM SERVICE PROVIDER  UP TO ****K Would you like to work at one of the most recognisable buildings in Central London? If so please read on One of the leaders in the maintenance industry is looking to recruit a static maintenance supervisor to cover a high profile building based inCentral London. The position has come available due to the fact that the workload on site is increasing and there is a need to expand the maintenance team to compensate for this. This corporate head office houses one of the countries biggest companies and the building is run on a twentyfour/seven basis. The maintenance team consists of nine electrical and mechanical engineers and also a team of fabric technicians. There is an excellent relationship between the client and contractor on site; however they do expect a very high level of service. The supervisor will be working Monday to Friday, **** and main responsibilities of the role are as follows: Issue permits to work. Manage client relationships to ensure that they are kept to a high level. Ensure all PPM's and reactive works are carried out. Deal with any reactive issues in an effective manner. Report directly into the contract manager with any major issues that arise. Dealing with subcontractors when required. Proven track record of achievement in a commercial, client facing role. Candidates for this role must be able to demonstrate the following: Fully electrically or mechanically qualified to City and Guilds level. 16th or 17th Edition. Previous experience in a building services environment. Experience of working in a large commercial building. Previous experience of working in a supervisory role. Knowledge of risk assessment and method statements. Excellent customer facing skills and extremely client focused. Able to manage and supervise junior team members. Experience of L**** water treatment. The package for this role includes 25 days holiday. Pension. Healthcare. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SiteMaintenanceSupevisor_job****