Title: Principal Engineer  Systems Design
Webindex: 69743925
Description: Principal Engineer  Systems Design Role Title: Principal Engineer  Maritime/Land/Export Command and Control (C****) Firing Unit Design Development Role Purpose: System Design activities contributing to the Specification, Design and Validation of Command and Control Systems Accountabilities: Essential:  Undertaking technical analyses and investigations, including problem resolution, design evaluation and selection of technical options and preparation of reports with suggested recommendations to support the resolution of problems and the improvement of system performance.  Preparing specifications, developing designs in line with specifications and quality and technical standards, and carrying out design appraisals in assigned areas.  Leading or Contributing to investigations into problems, issues, or developments and developing and preparing solutions. Specific activities could include:  Requirements analysis and design in response to customer requirement.  Production and maintenance of software requirements specifications and interface requirements specifications.  Ensuring correct flowdown of toplevel requirements to subsystems and interfaces.  Definition of System/Software test specifications for compliance testing.  Production of test definitions and scenarios to be used in the validation of software  Analysis of test results to validate software operation.  Production of documentations to satisfy customer deliverables Ideal  Planning, control and deliver of assigned projects or work packages.  Carrying out team planning, risk management and quality activities in assigned areas in line with all requirements and processes.  Providing effective support to customers in assigned areas, delivering solutions to meet the customer s needs and requirements.  Providing help and direction to less experienced team members to support both their effective working and their development.  Managing and reporting against the team s work programmes, including analysis of risk to ensure the team delivers its accountabilities. Performance Indicators  Effective working relationship established with team members and customers.  Delivery of effective innovative design solutions.  Programme of work and associated costs wellcontrolled and communicated.  Successful and timely delivery of projects to customer s satisfaction.  Positive (enthusiastic and energetic) approach to new tasks.  Able to work on own initiative.  Ability to work to deadlines under programme and cost pressures. Skills and Knowledge General:  Degree or equivalent in relevant discipline.  Relevant experience in similar domain or transferable skills from other domain.  Knowledge of algorithm and/or software development.  Analytical and problem solving skills.  Sound understanding of systems design process  Rhapsody experience desirable but not but not essential  Relevant experience, in particular command and control systems. Practical knowledge in one or more of the following areas:  Use of DOORS for requirement management, tracking and mapping certification evidence  System testing including the production of related documentation  Interface specification  Knowledge of data analysis techniques  Software technology and design/validation  Good verbal and written communications. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK and able to gain security clearance prior to the start date Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.