Title: European Service Manager (Mechanical/Electrical)
Webindex: 68707802
Company: Bluefire Consulting
Description: European Service manager Marlow ********K  vehicle, holidays, life insurance. The Role The role of the EMEA Service manager will require the successful candidate to manage five UK based service staff and four mainland European staff providing service and support facilities to the EMEA customer base. The company provide integrated process control systems, noncontact measurement and instrumentation systems to enable client companies to improve quality and efficiency. In order to bring success to this role, you will need an innate sense of the dynamics (human expectations and the fluid technical product deliverables) tied to the (a) daily needs, responsibilities, pressures and life of the Field Service Engineer; (b) Smart, technically competent, **** manufacturing process, intelligent demanding customers and (c) aggressive, professional and properly demanding Sales Team (individual and as a whole) The position will require greater individual ownership, entrepreneurial and enterprising vision, extremely sound leadership and attention to performance indicators, flexibility and the daily continuous improvement push  these skills will be above and beyond what is required to do the 'Day job'. Overall, the mission is to reach 'best in class' operational excellence  the right person will have the tools and experience to create and maintain the success. The candidate The ideal candidate would be a KPI driven service manager who has a background in technical engineering. A high number of the clients who the company deal with are based in Germany, and so any managers who are able to speak German as well as having the other skills needed would be extremely well received. The products offered by this company and are both complex and bespoke and it would be essential that you come from a formal, technical engineering background prior to moving into a revenue focused service and operations environment. Ideally you will be degree/ HND qualified in electrical engineering or a similar engineering discipline or have equivalent experience. The company are aiming to become best in class regarding service and the director for this group has also been given the remit to explore and add to the traditional service based revenue streams so prior examples and experience in this area would be a selling point. There are a number of efficiencies in process, which means you should be prepared to measure these efficiencies and implement new structure and process. On this basis, formal training in Six Sigma (or equivalent) would be classed as a strong advantage. One of the key areas that needs to be addressed could be in the area of spare part order, stock and delivery on an international basis so experience in this area would be beneficial. Reporting to the Service Director you will be responsible for the day to day management of the team and the principle functions of the role will be to ensure:  Multidimensional service business management skill  Customer centric focused and sales team partnership critical  Service side business growth, results ownership mindset, vision for unrealized opportunities  Best in class operational excellence  Team leadership and mentoring toward the highest efficiency/productivity  Important technical acumen required  Expansive territory management Ideally you will have experience of managing a team of service engineers and working independently. The ability to deal with a range of employees and clients across Europe and beyond is key, as the company will be looking to introduce and maintain the service function of the business going forward. The Company Our client is a well established company and part of a large PLC group with this office being based in Marlow, Buckinghamshire. The company has a global presence and is committed to the development and training of its employees Bluefire Consulting is an employment agency acting on behalf of the client company. . This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EuropeanServiceManagerMechanicalElectrical_job****