Title: Product Integrator
Webindex: 67151951
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction An exciting long term contract opportunity for an engineer with a high level of problem solving and DMU skills. Important Complex problem solving The Job The role requires a level of automotive process experience. The ideal candidate would be as follows: Experienced in DMU (Digital Mock UP) CATIA v**** A practical engineer who is experienced in Automotive processes and understands how a car is built from BIW, Paint and Assembly. Has practical experience of complex problem solving tools and can work alone or in a team to solve these problems. High levels of self motivation IT systems literate The role is a balance of being able to interrogate the CAD model to establish problems in the real world and being able to identify complex problems during hardware confirmation and get resolution action. Role Overview Individual specialisation in the following areas: Interior Trim (Seats, trim, carpets, headlining and electrical hardness / ECU s) Exterior Trim (Bumpers, Glazing, Chromeline, and Door System) Underfloor (Suspension, Fuel System, Exhaust System and Heat Shields) Motor (Engine dress, under bonnet) Key Accountabilities Job Role: The Product Integrator primary focus is related to new model design concepts and product changes with regard to the ability to efficiently manufacture the product whilst achieving quality and cost targets. The Product Integrator also supports in series operations when the problem solving process requires complex analysis and/or cross technology (function) consideration. Working initially in the virtual world, where CAD (CATIA v****) is the principal tool; the Product Integrator ensures that the design concept ultimately is proven in the physical world by the building of prototype vehicles. The Product and Process Integration Team have the responsibility to secure the complete process chain from supplied part through to finished product for dimensional control (including geometrically influenced functional aspects). Skills amp; Experience Skills Requirement:  Project management  CAD CATIA v**** PRISMA, DMU, ****D Navigator  FMEA process methodology   Knowledge of vehicle component manufacturing processes  Experienced in car manufacturing processes  Knowledge of Metrology Processes  Skilled user of MS popular applications Personal Attributes:  Ability to work in a team and on own initiative  Assertiveness  High analytical and communicative competence (ability to influence)  High commitment to succeed  High technical social skills  Full car driving licence  High flexibility.  English and preferably German language speaking, reading and writing skills preferred. Qualifications Ideally qualified to Degree level in Mechanical Engineering or comparable qualification  HND/ HNC or equivalent qualification.  Recognised Engineering Apprenticeship  Experienced in Automotive design and manufacturing processes. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK