Title: Substation Design Engineer
Webindex: 71367844
Company: Morson International
Description: The Management of the design on a Specific Project and assisting other Design Managers or leading a team of Design Managers as appropriate and as instructed by the Principal Design Manager on large projects. This will be predominantly site based and may include the management of a team of site based staff. Key Objectives of the Role  Ensure all aspects of the Design Works instructions are implemented for a specific Project.  Fulfil the role of Bid Manager as applicable.  Where applicable manage/assist in the production of the Contractors proposals, ensuring they are complete, unambiguous, have been reviewed by the bid team and have been updated to include all post tender negotiations.  Assist the Senior Design Manager or if instructed to do so by the Principal, assist other Design Managers or work independently to produce the Project specific designer agreements (using the Company standard format except where novation agreements already exist ), scope of works and the design management plan ensuring they are agreed and fully understood by all parties.  Produce, agree and manage, with all relevant parties, a realistic design programme and information required schedule to satisfy design, procurement and construction requirements.  Manage the Design on site, with the assistance of other sitebased resource, by implementing the Design management plan to ensure the timely production of information is issued.  Ensure that all Design deliverables are reviewed to establish they are within budget, are fully coordinated and are buildable.  Review the Design with respect to mitigating Health and Safety issues prior to construction.  Ensure the Project team are working to the agreed Contractors Proposals.  Provide guidance to the Project team on Design related issues.  Liaise with their Senior Design Manager reporting on project performance.  Assist their Senior Design Manager or if instructed to do so by the Principal, assist other Design Managers or work independently in the implementation of Continuous Improvement programmes.  Maintain close relationships with the Customer and design organisations.  Ensure that all National Design Reporting methods are maintained for a specific project Operational Accountabilities Accountable for specific areas of responsibility and deliverables and manages the associated risks Delivers activities to support operational objectives for their specific contract, project or specialism Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 6 months to one year Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines Interacts with client or users around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Manages the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility Focus of work is predominantly against defined targets but performs a range of tasks from complex to straightforward Financial Accountabilities Typically manages cost centre budget (first line budgetary accountability) Identifies ways to reduce cost and improve service Manages variable costs (e.g. overtime and agency costs) Knowledge Establish clients requirements and secure full scope of works (Works Information) Produce detailed electrical substation design, incorporating UKPN design standards for protection and control, from first principles through to a comprehensive set of site construction drawings. Monitor and manage budgetary spend on monthly applications. Regular scheduled communication internally, with client and third parties Arrange and attend regular site meetings up to build stage. Create Designers Method Statements for all prebuild exploratory works. Manage/maintain risk register and work toward risk mitigation and control. Ensure clear, precise and comprehensive hand over of information to Project Manager. Delivery of a Design Management Service Provide a coordinated design and service to Construction Management, ensuring integrated cost effective design solutions are achieved which contribute to overall success in Project Delivery, in accordance with the relevant Design Standards. Ensure Successful Delivery Ensure the successful, ontime delivery of all individual design artefacts including an integrated design report by liaising with support functions within the Section. Ensure regulatory and legislative compliances are met and risks are effectively managed through the active use of risk registers. Safety Provide a safe working environment and promote Safety and Health within each project design team by implement a culture of safety within the framework of Carillion s Health and Safety vision. Aligning Performance for Success Ensure full and effective implementation of employee performance management and the ongoing development of all design team employees, to build and maintain a high performing team. Interested? Please contact Ben LanglaySmith for more info, on (Apply online only)