Title: Supplier Quality Assurance Technician
Webindex: 68700491
Company: MTrec
Description: The Company Our clients are a leading blue chip Teesside based manufacturer. Due to a new global management structure, cultural direction, and talent strategy they looking for a Supplier Quality Technician to join their organisation on a permanent basis during this exciting time of transformation and growth. The Role This role is key to the quality department and focuses on action. The role is aimed at managing supplier quality to bring about performance improvements and material cost reduction. Monitoring of supplier quality performance against specific targets. Identification of poor suppliers and development of action plans in order to address the causes of poor supply. Review and improvement of supplier manufacturing process control, understand process capability and generate a focus on controlling process inputs to prevent defects from occurring. Manage supplier quality concerns, control and prevention through root cause analysis and implementation of robust countermeasures. Manage supplier related customer/consumer complaints, control and prevention through root cause analysis and robust countermeasures. Implementing material and operational projects identified within the sites strategic plans and delivering them on time and in budget. Analytical research on material issues, in order to identify areas for improvement. This requires the ability to make connections and identify patterns between pieces of information and make objective decisions based on evidence, research and logic. To enable the determination of best material specifications and tolerances to suit our manufacturing processes Document and record process and machinery changes in order to control their effect. Manage, develop control measurement systems. Assist in the development of business processes Deputise for Q C Manager in his/her absence. To assist with the NPD team to bring about the RFT manufacture of new products to the factory. Assist trial testing, measurement and analysis. The Person Ideally you will have experience in the automotive sector, though this isn’t essential. Experience of working with and improving suppliers is essential. Experience of working in a quality department as a Quality Technician, Parts Inspection Team Leader, Goods Inward Supervisor or SQA Engineer. Ideally possess a HNC or you will be time served with experience. Have a good understanding of process control, quality control, data analysis and interpretation. PC literate. Full UK Driving licence. Ability to travel at relatively short notice, including overnight stays. To apply please call Daniel Keenan on **** **** or send an email to technicalmtrec.co.uk. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SupplierQualityAssuranceTechnician_job****