Title: Laser Cutter / Laser Machine Setter / Laser Tube Cutter
Webindex: 72439595
Company: ASC Connections Ltd
Description: A Laser Cutter / Laser Machine Setter / Laser Tube Cutter is required for a large steel processing company based in the Dudley area of the West Midlands. Position is a temp to perm contract working nights 10pm  6am, 40hrs per week. Rate of pay is 10 p/h  shift allowance. The company are a leading manufacturer of pipe and tube products to a wide range of industries, supplying all over the UK and Europe. The role requires you to effectively operate machinery and produce products on time to meet customer timescales and quality demands. Duties include  Setting and Operating a CNC Laser cutting machine to process various lengths of tubes Loading and unloading the machine with the tubes and pipes First off and in process inspections of the cuts using mics and verniers Punching and drilling of parts Working from job specification sheets and measurements Any other duties as required Applicants MUST have experience with setting and operating a CNC Laser cutting machine, specifically to cut down long tubes or bars to size. Must also have a solid engineering background, with the ability to work from drawings and specification sheets, and be able to quality inspect all work produced. Licenses for overhead crane FLT operating are advantageous but not essential for the role. The position is a temporary contract with a view to permanent for the right person Working hours are nights 10pm  6am Monday to Friday, 40hrs per week. Hourly rate is 10 p/h  shift allowance for working nights.ASC Connections is a leading recruitment business specialising within areas of both technical and business services. We operate as an employment business or an employment agency for all temporary and permanent roles respectively. For an extensive range of job opportunities please visit our website at www.ascconnections.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LaserCutterLaserMachineSetterLaserTubeCutter_job****