Title: Facilities Manager/Facilities Coordinator
Webindex: 64812575
Company: Proactive Technical Recruitment
Description: Our client is a leading provider of total FM services working across the UK. They pride themselves in offering innovative and sustainable facilities solutions which add real value to their customers’ businesses. They are currently seeking a FACILITIES MANAGER to join their team based in Oxford. You will be responsible for all hard and soft services facilities across a portfolio of commercial local authority properties in and around Oxford. Duties will include: Managing excellent relationships with the client, suppliers and other partners within the region. Overseeing operational FM services of the region are delivered in accordance with the SLA by an agreed programme of qualitative checks and controlled measures Developing a profitable growth of the business through understanding client needs, maximizing the services delivered and championing excellent customer care. Ensuring compliance at all times with all statutory, IMS, security and relevant company and client policies generating a true health and safety culture. Recruiting, developing and retaining staff to deliver services in the most efficient and effective manner. Ensuring that a Continuous Improvement Process is an integral part of service delivery increasingly adding value to both the business and our client. Organising and facilitating regular Customer Forums and meetings with other key stakeholders as appropriate. Interacting with all internal teams to discharge the consistent, effective and efficient delivery of planned and reactive tasks and in doing so, support best practice. Supporting customer and company audits ensuring optimum results are achieved. Analysing of budgetary information to assist in annual budgetary and monthly forecasting processes. Authorising payroll issues concerning staff within the portfolio of buildings under post holder's responsibility (i.e. overtime, absence etc). The successful Facilities Manager MUST have at least 3 years experience gained within a similar Facilities Management role looking after all hard and soft services across commercial properties. You must also be CRB checked and be able to drive. Experience gained working for a service provider looking after local authority properties is advantageous but not essential This is an excellent opportunity for individuals looking for a new challenging FM role within one of the countries leading FM companies. “facilities manager” “facilities coordinator” “BIFM” This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FacilitiesManagerFacilitiesCoordinator_job****