Title: Principal Engineer (Mechanical)
Webindex: 68223833
Description: Our Client specialise in the design, manufacture, assembly, test, installation and commissioning of bespoke solutions for the Nuclear new build Industry. They are split across three locations, Wolverhampton, Derby & Manchester and their unique capabilities, facilities and experience ideally positions them to take on a wide variety of projects on a national basis. Extra Technical is now working in Partnership with our Client in the recruitment of Project Engineers in permanent positions. To be considered for one of the Project Engineers posts currently available you will meet the following criteria Job Title: Project Engineer Reports to: Sen. Project Eng Business/Function: Project Management Job Purpose To support the SPE/PM in delivery and coordination of a project/portfolio of projects, ranging ****K plus to 5M  10M in value. The Project Engineer will have the experience of detail design through to manufacture and project delivery. Duties will include coordination of manufacturing activities to ensure successful delivery on time and within budget of specialist mechanical tooling and equipment in a highly regulated industry. Principal Accountabilities Safety Accountabilities Ensures compliance with standards and expectations regarding health & safety, Quality Accountabilities Complies with procedures, processes and systems to ensure that quality . Supports and improves quality in terms of procedures and systems giving proactively feedback to ensure processes are regularly improved Project Accountabilities Ensures client design is suitable for manufacture and coordinates effectively within the supply chain to achieve appropriate levels of quality, to meet the relevant specifications to time and budget. Typical project work includes exposure to concept design, detail design, manufacture, assembly and test. Projects may consist of specialized tooling for complex defueling operations and intricate mechanical handling equipment, used within the nuclear industry. Management of the design to be 'fit for purpose' to meet tight cost and schedule parameters, will be essential. Demonstrates clear understanding of key Project Management indices, conversant in Earned Value and reporting against base line schedules. Understands the principles of CPI, SPI, CV, SV, BCWS, BCWP, ACWP and EAC. The Project Engineer will be prepared to visit key stakeholders involving frequent travel as and when required to undertake the normal duties associated with dealing with various clients and suppliers, or interested parties. Has a good understanding of the Design to Manufacturing interface, including supply chain issues, TQ's, etc. Ensures that appropriate change control and issue management arrangements are implemented Supports the PM in ensuring that comprehensive high quality weekly and monthly reports are available for all projects which address key project level performance metrics. Assists the PM in producing project forecasts (BCWP, EAC, Revenue and Cash Flow) to ensure integrity and validity of information. Ensures monthly invoicing takes place to an appropriate quality level Ensures Weekly and Monthly accruals are in place Investigates and collates relevant information relating to claims as and when required Costs: Budgets are controlled proactively within authorised funding limits and in accordance with financial procedures. Project EAC's and Year End EAC's are produced, with appropriate underpinning and reviewed monthly and within set tolerance bands Schedules: Ensure the detailed project schedule includes the full scope and reflects the current agreed strategies, status and delivery methodology Trends are monitored monthly and the change control procedure invoked if required Reports: Leads the delivery of Project performance reports are produced on a timely manner to the appropriate high quality standards Cost Reports are produced monthly within a specified timescale, often against tight deadlines and agreed forecast tolerances Reports include variances, trends and critical areas and recommend recovery options. Ensures systems are developed or maintained to provide accurate methods for forecasting YE and monthly within a specified high tolerance Context Reports to the Project Manager on day to day issues and Programme Manager for senior line management activities and functional accountabilities. Interfaces with the Project Managers and Project teams, Programme Office, Engineering, Commercial, Manufacturing, QA, Finance and Clients, as and when required. Skills and Experience Demonstrable excellent communication and interpersonal skills, as well as drive and energy in order to support the PM in delivery of a major project, or a series of smaller projects of work, specifically involving design, manufacture, assembly and testing. Ideally has a minimum of 3 years Project Management experience and fully conversant with all relevant PM tools and systems. Must demonstrate a clear and logical approach to understanding complex project and functional related issues associated with the design, manufacture and testing of major equipment for a highly regulated industry such as nuclear Should have an good understanding of engineering and manufacturing Ideally has a track record of delivery with 3 years Project Management experience in a highly regulated industry i.e. Nuclear, Defence, Petrochemical, etc. and fully conversant with relevant PM tools and systems. Candidate should be able to demonstrate a logical approach to complex problem solving, time and people management. The candidate must have a good working knowledge of all Microsoft office packages Must be able to interface effectively between the design teams and the shop floor/supply The candidate should be able to express themselves well, both verbally and written