Title: Manager of Commercial Tendering / Proposals
Webindex: 71428642
Company: Hays
Description: Job Title Manager, Commercial Tendering  Steam Turbine Product Centre Purpose of the Job In close collaboration with the TSSR Capture and Transactional Sales teams, to manage the development of proposal to win profitable business for the Steam Turbine Product Line in those Areas, and for those fleets, assigned to the Rugby Product Centre, including: Organising and leading the Commercial Tendering team within the Rugby Product Centre, with a focus on resource management, team development and compliance with Corporate, Sector, Business and Product Line directives and processes, especially with regard to ethics, sales processes and risk management processes; Managing the implementation of competitive winning profiles (e.g. technical features, price, performance and schedule) and opportunity capture strategies to increase market share and profitability; Managing the timely production of proposals, managing risk, approval processes and providing inputs to contract negotiations; Managing the production of key tendering performance indicators; Knowledge and Experience 5 years minimum relevant operational experience in an engineering tendering environment. Good power plant and steam turbine technology and product knowledge. Good understanding of steam turbine service requirements and the associated international steam turbine service market. Good understanding of sales and tendering strategies as applied to complex high value capital equipment. Good understanding of business case, financial scenarios and profitability assessments. Teammanagement and leadership experience. Responsibilities Accountabilities Team Development and Resource Management:  Leadership and management of the Rugby Product Centre Commercial Tendering team, including: team development, resource management, training, communication, costs and budget management. Management of Tender Process:  Supporting Capture and Transactional Sales teams by managing the coordination of tendering activities within the Rugby Product Centre throughout the tendering process, including: implementing tendering strategy; maintaining an overview of the tendering workload and tender status; where necessary, initiating tender prioritisation / optimisation for maximum company benefit; managing the quality and timeliness of tenders; acting as first level risk manager for the business in the tender approval process. Critical Challenges Tender processing lead time Costing completeness and accuracy Documentation completeness, quality and accuracy Sustainable and profitable order intake. Measurement / KPI's of the role As per annual objectives. Market share and hit rate. Order intake and margin. Costing completeness and accuracy. Educational Requirements Degree or equivalent in technical or commercial discipline. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ManagerofCommercialTenderingProposals_job****