Title: MultiSkilled Maintenance Engineer 2469M4AM
Webindex: 66949206
Company: Pioneer Selection
Description: Overview: A leading manufacturer within the food industry is currently recruiting for a MultiSkilled Maintenance Engineer due to expansion. Completing, maintenance and breakdown duties as well as being involved in various project work and installations; this is a fantastic opportunity to join a large organisation with exceptional career development opportunities. The Company: Our client has been established for over 70 years and is a leading organisation within the food industry. Their brands are one of the most recognised on the shelf and they currently turnover in excess off 10million. Our client has 5 manufacturing sites across the UK and has grown throughout the past 5 years by acquiring businesses and expanding their workforce to cope with demand. The Role of a MultiSkilled Maintenance Engineer The MultiSkilled Maintenance Engineer will be required to perform maintenance, breakdown and repair duties on a variety of machinery within the factory. You will be involved both on the electrical and mechanical side of work as well as taking an active role in project work and installations. As an Engineer, the ideal candidate will work on both the packing and process side of the business, and make sure operators are operating the machinery safely and to full capacity. Key Skills: The ideal candidate must be qualified to NVQ Level 3 in either electrical or mechanical but must be multiskilled. You must have good faultfinding abilities on PLC’s and have ideally worked within the food industry previously. The ideal candidate must pay attention to detail and have the enthusiasm and energy to take an active role in project and installation work. Benefits: Overtime, Pension, Healthcare, 25 Days Holiday Salary: Basic **** Commutable from: Kettering, Northamptonshire; Market Harborough, Leicestershire; Stamford, Lincolnshire; Peterborough, Cambridgeshire. Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a: Maintenance Engineer, Electrician, MultiSkilled Craftsperson, or Maintenance Technician If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Alternatively for further details contact Andrew McFarlane on;  **** or Email: cvpioneerselection.co.uk Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MultiSkilledMaintenanceEngineer2469M4AM_job****