Title: Electrical Process Engineer
Webindex: 68807071
Company: Newman Stewart Ltd
Description: Electrical Process Engineer ****  **** Yorkshire Our client is an internationally recognised, progressive market leader in the innovative design of materials handling systems and air pollution control systems for the power industry. The main engineering function is responsible for carrying out project management and engineering on projects typically valued between EUR**** EUR20 million, in addition to supporting a number of Joint Venture companies and partners worldwide. They have a requirement for an Electrical Process Engineer to join their outstanding engineering department on a permanent basis. Reporting into the Process and Electrical Team Leader, this is a new role that will be responsible for ensuring that the Customers specified engineering and contractual requirements are interpreted fully and correctly. You will verify the overall Project control and electrical requirements against Customer specifications, and clarify all control electrical issues with both Customers and Suppliers. A large extent of the role will be producing a range of electrical and process documentation required for the project in a professional, proficient and timely manner. This will include I/O lists, Equipment Technical Specifications, diagrams in Product Panel Wiring, Control Configuration, Piping Instrument, Logic and Equipment Electrical Data Sheets where required. Other elements of the role will be to provide technical assessments, evaluation and support to Supply Chain in discussions with potential equipment and system suppliers. You will attend customer meetings, taking a leading role in discussions relating to the CBMH design process and also attend the Electrical Control Panel and Logic Control System FAT(s) as required to ensure that the vendors system meets the purchase specification requirements (normally only when being attended by the customer). As well as the above key tasks, you will be expected to carry out other duties which can reasonably be assessed as part of your role. This will include an element of international travel as required. This is an outstanding opportunity to join a multinational business with an enviable track record of success and to be a part of an industry leading engineering function. You will possess a degree in Electrical Engineering and ideally have 25 years working experience. Experience within a bulk materials handling setting would be advantageous but not essential. You will have experience of working within a capital equipment environment and critically be willing to learn and expand your knowledge. In return they will offer a competitive package and provide you with exciting and challenging career development opportunities. Please apply in the first instance by sending a copy of your most recent CV to helen.obriennewmanstewart.co.uk or call **** **** for a confidential discussion.