Title: Outfit Engineer  Naval Architect  GCS
Webindex: 69249317
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Outfit Engineer  Naval Architect GCS Scotstoun (Glasgow) Filton or Portsmouth 6 month Contract  pound;**** p/h Ltd Important Fully qualified engineer. Demonstrable skills in the management of Outfit systems on board ships. The Job Job Description We are seeking an Outfit Engineer to assist the Assistant Outfit Manager in determining the baseline solutions for Outfit systems to be taken forward in Stage **** design. This role could be based at Scotstoun, Filton or Portsmouth. The Engineer will be part of a team undertaking analysis of Cabins, Mess Rooms, Dining Rooms Gallies, Pantries, Storerooms, Workshops and Medical Facilities and Seamanship who will progressively establish and manage information to discharge the growing scope of work proceeding into Stage **** Design. Key Technical Skills: The role holder will require a knowledge of Naval Architecture and specifically Hotel type facilities. It is essential that the role holder has the experience to support integration issues with other disciplines, to assess the concept work already carried out under the AoO contract phase, and further develop these concepts to support the development of the baseline solution in Stage **** Design. They will require the capability to complete the work to the required quality and the technical acceptability of solutions proposed subject to management review. Major Tasks and Activities: Ensure that the quality of outputs in own area of responsibility is satisfactory Provide specialist technical input to key areas of the design to ensure the suitability of solutions adopted Produce Progress reports for allocated work packages, ensuring that the agreed scope is delivered within budget, and that any additional scope is identified and costed/ charged separately Liaise with external agencies (the customer, approval authorities amp; subcontractors) to delivery BAE Systems Surface Ships outputs. Qualifications: Fully qualified engineer. Demonstrable skills in the management of Outfit systems on board ships. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK