Title: Tooling Manager
Webindex: 70608426
Company: Gi Group
Description: TOOLING MANAGER Up to ****  **** per annum DOE Permanent role, with immediate start Working for a prestigious company who are a progressive 1st tier supplier of engineered systems s experience in injection mould process and tool making Proven track record in an Automotive or High Volume technically complex moulding environment Extensive knowledge of injection mould tooling, toolmaking and mould process Understanding of mechanical design, APQP, business principles and program management. Professionally trained Engineer. Experience of full service supply  DFMEA / PFMEA / PPAP Personal integrity with a drive for flawless launch of new projects Commercially aware. Excellent negotiation and influencing skills Detailed knowledge of PPAP and new model launch control systemsRESPONSIBILITIES: Take customer specification and liaise with external toolmakers to contribute ideas that ensure tool designs will function properly with minimal maintenance. Review and develop tooling specification. Support purchasing team with tool specifications and technical analysis, Reviews project plan with supplier on a weekly basis to ensure all programmes are completed on time, to specification and within budget. Support the Programmes Manager in providing payment schedules for new tooling projects. Support sales and project management with information to support commercial negotiations Ensure new projects requirements comply with customer quality standards Ensure adherence to the company APQP system, supporting Quality Manager with documented evidence Active involvement in design and quotation stage, to ensure the most cost effective processes are used, and working with H&S to ensure best practices are used. Work closely with vendors during tool construction to solve and avoid design, build and tryout problems. Support programme manager with information as necessary for internal and customer reporting, management gateway reviews, and project financial tracking Support customer meetings and presentations at a programme level as required Supports design team in prototype development and production to ensure design, manufacturing and program objectives are achieved Updates, maintains and oversees the lessons learned database. To apply for this role please send your CV to