Title: Global SHE Manager  World wide leader
Webindex: 68291189
Company: Huxley Associates
Description: Huxley Associates is proud to be working exclusively with a world leading, global manufacturer to the building industry who require a new Group Health, Safety and Environmental Manager / SHE Manager to join their team. As Group SHE Manager you will head up a team of 13 across multiple sites throughout the UK. You will manage the Health, Safety and Environmental strategy for the business and drive this team to succeed. Ideally you will be primarily be based out of the companies Loughborough site and will travel within the UK as part of the role. Interested? We are looking for some of the best SHE Managers in the industry. Ideally you will have a manufacturing background from a similar heavy engineering or processing industry. Most importantly though you will need to show experience of managing all aspects of Health, Safety and the Environment over multiple locations in a strategic role. This is a brand new role due to a restructure within the business so we are looking for someone who can take an autonomous and pro active approach and wants to put their own stamp on the role. On offer for the role is a starting salary of circa **** plus a generous benefits package including company car. It is also the opportunity to join a huge well known company which can offer stability and long term career progression. This is an urgent role with shortlisting occurring now so if you would like to be considered please apply online to Brooke Whitehead at Huxley Associates ASAP in order to avoid disappointment. NB This role may be suitable for, but is not limited to, the following job titles: Health, Safety and Environmental Manager, SHE Manager, HSE Manager, QHSE Manager, SHEQ Manager, Health and Safety Manager. This role is commutable from: Loughborough, Nottingham, Derby, Leicester, Birmingham, East Midlands, West Midlands, Midlands, Nottinghamshire, Derbyshire, Leicestershire.To find out more about Huxley Associates please visit