Title: Shift / Control Room Operator – Gas Plant
Webindex: 71900519
Company: CG Consultants
Description: Control Room Operator Are you looking for your next exciting challenge? A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an experienced Control Room Operator to work for a world leader in gas production. Working on a COMAH site responsibilities include monitoring and analysing data broadcasts. As the Control Room Operator you will monitor things like pressure, temperature and flow. You will be working on DCS systems and be responsible for ensuring the plant is running within its most efficient parameters whilst remaining at a safe operating level. THE SALARY/RATE/PACKAGE/BENEFITS •****k  Shift Allowance  Bonus •2 Mornings 2 Afternoons 2 Nights •**** Hour Shifts THE CANDIDATE •Running the plant according to demands whilst defining and implementing the best routines from the control room •Experience in plant layout and operation ideally within a control centre environment •Knowledge of Health and Safety including COMAH regulations •The Control Room Operator will be able to analyse data and identify remedial works that need conducting •You should be able to respond to emergency situations •NVQ level 3 in Control Room Operations or similar. THE ROLE The Plant Operator will be working on a shift basis monitoring the efficient running of the facility. You will be working with DCS and Alarm systems making sure any faults are rectified and any alarms are immediately responded to. In line with these duties it will also be your responsibility to advise the maintenance team of any updates relating to the operation of the plant. The Control Room Operator takes responsibility for full handovers during each shift change as well as recording all of the information including alarms, malfunctions, works, diagnostics, parameters, configuration change etc. If this sounds like you and you are looking to take the next step in your career apply directly to this advert. Shift / Control Room Operator – Gas Plant REFERRAL INFORMATION Please submit your CV via email to apply in the first instance. We offer referral fees to those recommending unique applicants we go on to place. Do you know anyone suitable? Location: Northwich, Chester, Crewe, Winsford, Cheshire