Title: EMC Engineers  EMC Test, RF Engineers
Webindex: 67440953
Company: Advanced Selection Ltd
Description: Motivated EMC Test Engineers are required for our specialist client to be based in their sites in Hampshire and in Warwickshire. These are challenging roles that would suit EMC test / RF professionals looking to further progress their career in an established international and prestigious company. Apply now These roles are technical testing and interface roles between the client and the project managers and will be predominantly test engineering on a combination of Consumer and Industrial products both onsite and insitu. Duties and Responsibilities • EMC – Both Screened enclosure and Insitu. • Electronic Logbook Keeping Data Collation. • Test Plan (where required), IR and Report Writing. • Test Equipment / Method Development / Evaluation. • Technical Document generation • TMS Generation including provision of photos and MU calculations. • Assistance to customers during failure phase of their EMC test programme and general consultancy prior to start of job. • Technical Validation of clients’ requirements (may require site visits). • Assistance to sales with provision of information to enable quote generation. • Involvement in Continuous Improvement projects. • Develop as specialist in a specific area of testing i.e. rail, marine, radio EMC requirements, etc. • Provision of training to engineers regarding in specialist area. • Involvement in Continuous Improvement projects Essential Criteria : • RF Background or HNC in Engineering or equivalent • Strong technical background • Good commercial awareness. • Full Driving Licence flexibility and willingness to work offsite or conduct shift work, where required. Desirable Criteria : • Working knowledge of EMC testing requirements • Knowledge of EMC specifications and application of tests • Working knowledge of international compliance requirements including R TTE directive, EMC Directive and FCC requirements To apply please email your cv to with salary expectations and availability and detail how you meet our clients criteria. Please also advise which site you would like to work at Fareham in Hampshire or Bearley, StratforduponAvon, West Midlands.