Title: Project Engineer (Paper/Petrochem/Process Industries)
Webindex: 68218015
Company: Otj Recruitment
Description: Project Engineer  process engineering experience  paper or petrochem industries  AutoCAD and/or Solidworks  experience in pipework and plant layout an advantage  paper drying process  UK and international travel  based Ilkley, Yorkshire  salary ****  ****K We are looking for a Project Engineer who is educated to HNC/HND/degree level (or equivalent) and who has had some process engineering experience in the paper or petrochem industries or similar Candidates for the position of Project Engineer (Paper/Petrochem/Process Industries) will be, ideally, from a paper industry background and familiar with the paper drying process. It is essential that all candidates live either close to Ilkley or are prepared to relocate. Basic AutoCAD skills are required as is experience with MS Office software. Experience in pipework and plant layout would be an advantage as would Solidworks skills. You must be selfmotivated, enthusiastic and able to work independently using your own initiative. Travel within the U.K. and internationally will be required. The role of Project Engineer (Paper/Petrochem/Process Industries) will entail working with the technical manager to prepare process flow diagrams and supporting documentation for initial quotations. After a contract has been won the Project Engineer (Paper/Petrochem/Process Industries) will be involved in  organising and engineering projects involving piping installations on paper machine dryer sections  collecting data and site surveys with the help of technical and local sales staff  producing the necessary bills of material, technical documentation, control loop drawings, logic diagrams and piping layout drawings.  Generating inhouse piping drawings for small projects The Project Engineer (Paper/Petrochem/Process Industries) will work closely with mill personnel and piping contractors during the installation phase and company support technical staff at the commissioning phase of the project for this interesting position Project management skills and knowledge of CDM regulations would be an advantage and you must be physically fit Benefits include 25 days holiday plus statutory holidays; permanent health insurance; death in service insurance and company pension scheme OTJ specialises in engineering and engineering related positions. We are currently looking for Project Managers and Engineers, designers, draughts people, Mechanical, electrical and Electronics Design engineers and draughts people, service engineers, sales engineers, avionics engineers and buyers All candidates should have the unrestricted right to live and work in the UK This vacancy is advertised by Otj Recruitment Ltd. The services advertised are those of an employment agency