Title: Banqueting and Events Manager
Webindex: 72440109
Company: CCN Recruitment
Description: About the role This is serious service, serious volume and a serious opportunity to join one of Scotland's most ambitious F B teams: A great chance to get all the benefits of working with a large independent where you get to call more of the shots. Do you have what it takes? Exceptional customer service is at the heart of the business, so your friendly, welcoming personality is a given. Leadership is another area you'll excel in, and your enthusiasm and passion for hospitality will inspire and energise the teams you lead. You'll have previous management/supervisory experience in a quality food and drink setting. No two days are the same and you'll thrive on the constant challenge of the role. From training the team, managing budgets and improving our service  everything you do will show your commitment to driving the business forward. What you'll get from the client They offer the chance to work in a friendly, forward thinking company with investment as a priority. There's an attractive remuneration package on offer, where benefits include company pension scheme, share save scheme and great onsite discounts. And, if you're relocating to Crieff, they can even offer temporary staff accommodation to help you with the move. Banqueting and Events management is a vocation. You have to think on your feet, stay calm under pressure and be prepared to get stuck in with the team to deliver the event as promised. If this sounds like you, then read on Here at the resort they offer a diverse range of Events, each with their own unique atmosphere and style. From parties to fourstar private dining, weddings to gala dinners, we've got it all. And whatever the event, we'll make it memorable. That's where you come in You'll run events and lead the team to exceed customer expectations. Whether you're the MC of a wedding, planning staffing or managing an event for **** clients, no two days will ever be the same. You'll have previous management experience in a high volume banqueting operation, a keen eye for detail and a passion for getting the standards right. You'll thrive on building and developing a team and working in a busy environment that will constantly offer a challenge. We'd also like you to have previous experience as an MC. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BanquetingandEventsManager_job****