Title: Engineering Administration Assistant
Webindex: 71630455
Company: Badger Associates Ltd
Description: Our client is a global manufacturer based near Bury St Edmunds in Suffolk. They have an immediate and exciting opportunity for an engineering trained individual wishing to move to a role that has management potential and the chance to use a different, yet related skill set. We are looking for someone who is ambitious and keen to learn and who can demonstrate a desire to develop a career in procurement in this type of environment. You absolutely must have an engineering background which will probably have started at a trainee or apprentice level. Engineering experience is essential. The Procurement Assistant will learn all the jobs currently carried out within the Procurement and Contracts Department and will be expected to learn how to carry out the buying, transport/logistics and subcontract functions. You will be to support the Procurement and Contracts Manager with the administration and organisation of subcontract items and assist in converting the internal MRP orders into purchase orders. You will also work with suppliers on outstanding deliveries and progress items into the factory in a planned and timely manner. So, a wide and interesting role for someone with a solid grounding in engineering who is prepared to work hard and apply themselves. You will also need to be physically fit as the role will involve some lifting. Qualifications are not critical provided you have reasonable GCSE grades in Maths and English and a grasp of Microsoft office. Above all you must have a willingness to learn and the capability to absorb information. You must also be a team player with the ability to work proactively without supervision. A good communicator both verbally and written. Trustworthy, organised and methodical. You will also need the ability to use a computer in a business environment. Most importantly you must demonstrate the potential to grow into a more senior role within the department. To be considered for this role you must make sure your CV clearly demonstrates all the characteristics that our client is seeking but most especially the engineering/manufacturing background. The role is rather remotely located so you will need to consider transport options. Buses are not a reliable option and you will need to be able to travel independently. This role is a monthly paid staff position and starting salary will be between **** and **** per annum depending on the level of relevant experience