Title: Ventilation & safety Engineer
Webindex: 66497619
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Our Client currently has an opportunity to work on a contract basis for a leading Nuclear company based at Hunterston. PURPOSE OF POST To support the Project Leader (Design Engineering) to project manage the design phase for large projects ensuring delivery to scope, schedule and cost with acceptable quality, environment and safety. Objective Key Task Responsibilities. Developing project/contract scopes and specifications where required Delivering the design and safety case production phase for specific contracts to scope, schedule and cost including design risk management and any necessary reporting on behalf of the Project Lead (Design Engineering) and the Project Leader Ensuring designs and safety cases are costeffective and satisfy specified operability, reliability, maintainability and decommissioning requirements and statutory requirements particularly those associated with Site Licence conditions, the RSA authorisation and CDM regulations Ensure designs and safety cases satisfy the design and safety principles and appropriate engineering standards Producing appropriate safety and design documentation including safety design submissions, quality plans, Independent Technical Assessments, etc Assisting the Project Lead (Design Engineering) manage the supply chain within a specified area, including management of tenders Ensuring appropriate records are produced Exercising delegated authority on behalf of the Project Lead (Design Engineering) Take reasonable care of own health and safety and that of others who may be affected by their work Comply with all Health, Safety, Environmental and Quality policies, procedures, work instructions and risk assessments and support the continuous improvement of Health, Safety, Environment and Quality on Site Cooperating with the company in complying with health and safety requirements Undertake a role within the Site Emergency Scheme if required and as appointed by the Site Director. Experience. The post holder should have demonstrable experience in the production and/or management of safety cases and/or designs, preferably within the nuclear industry The post holder must have the technical knowledge to understand the relationship and interdependencies between safety cases and designs The post holder must have good communication and interpersonnel skills to present specialist information in a clear and unambiguous manner and to ensure efficient dealings at site, corporate, contractual and regulatory levels The post holder must have a clear understanding of the requirements of the Construction (Design Management) Regulations ****nowledge/Specialist Skills. The post holder should have substantial technical knowledge to understand the content and management of nuclear safety cases and designs The post holder should have substantial knowledge of nuclear and conventional plant and the techniques and processes applicable to its decommissioning The post holder should have an overall knowledge of decommissioning and waste management strategy, and the problems likely to be encountered The post holder should have a clear understanding of relevant corporate and site requirements, procedures and instructions. Experience of ventilation systems in a highly egulated industry. this could be, but not limited to, nuclear, defence, pharmaceutical, oil Gas or food. None If you are an experienced engineer with the above experience I would be very keen to hear from you. Pay Rate Details **** per hour (limited) Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.