Title: Business Development Manager  Automatic Doors  Manchester
Webindex: 68373678
Company: Alecto Recruitment
Description: Business Development Manager  Automatic Doors  Manchester Salary/Package  ****k  ****k basic  Car  Commission Location/Region  Manchester/Liverpool  North of the UK My client are specialists in the design, supply, installation and service of Automatic doors and roller shutters throughout the UK working with clients such as M & E Contractors, Private & Public sector and architects. Due to continued growth they are seeking an experienced Business Development in the north of the UK. The ideal candidate would be an established industry professional who is currently working within the Automatic door/Roller Shutter/Access Control industry.? The ideal candidate will have extensive contacts within the Automatic Door industry that would include selling to the following, • Aluminium Fabricators (Curtain Walling, Aluminium Shopfronts/?Ground Floor Treatment, Commercial Doors & Windows, Glass Facades.? • Local Authorities /? Local Government • Educational (Universities, Colleges etc) • Healthcare trusts • Building Contractors • Architects • Specialist contractors • Utilities Essential Requirements • Must have PROVEN Industrial/Automatic Door Sales experience • Must be located in the Manchester/Liverpool area • Must have FULL UK Drivers licence? Advantageous • To be able to understand construction drawings and have a basic understanding of electromechanical products.? • Must be Computer literate and able to use standard Microsoft products such as Word & Excel.? • Must be highly presentable • Must have a good standard of education and be articulate, numerate and literate.? • Must have no underlying health problems that would prevent them from undertaking the responsibilities of the role.? To apply for this role, please forward your CV to Sean Byrne, Alecto Recruitment. seanalectorecruitment.com or call [blocked] in strict confidence. Alecto Recruitment Limited is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. If your experience matches please forward your CV immediately. For more information about the positions we are currently recruiting for, please take a look at www.alectorecruitment.com or follow us on Twitter alectorecruit