Title: Sales Engineer  Process Engineering
Webindex: 66299834
Company: Tech Direct
Description: URGENTLY REQUIRED  Sales Engineer  Process Engineering To work for a UK subsidiary of a large European Engineering company who work in an EN ISO 9001 environment and design, manufacture and install Thermal Fluid Heaters ,Steam Generators, Fire Tube Steam Boilers, Heat Recovery Units and Gaseous Effluent Thermal Oxidisers. They now require an Engineering Sales person to sell products, systems and turnkey contracts to new and existing industrial clients covering an area from the Midlands to Southwest UK. Roughly Birmingham to the Oxfordshire area. The customer base is broad and includes the food, chemical, metal, pharmaceutical and marine industries plus important Public Sector opportunities.  This role will be working from home and reporting directly to the Managing Director. This is an engineering sales role that will require you to develop detailed specifications and projects to sell to new and existing users, thereby extending the current range of applications as well as finding and developing new sales opportunities.  A mechanical or chemical background with a proven track record in industrial sales within a steam, process or other thermal engineering related environment is seen as ideal but candidates with clear potential will also be considered.  You will be energetic, enthusiastic, results orientated with empathy and a sound commercial awareness. You will be suitably qualified and have a successful background in related or similar industrial environment.  The company will provide a full Technical Support, Training and above average income including commission and bonus, the limit of which will depend on you.  A quality car is provided as are all necessary telecom devices to make best use of time. A Company Pension Scheme including Life and Personal Disability Insurance are available to all staff.  This is a tough, demanding and rewarding job with a high degree of autonomy, which will allow the successful candidate to develop within a large industrial group