Title: Area Sales Manager (East Midlands)
Webindex: 67948317
Company: Heads Engineering Limited
Description: Job Summary: Responsible for promoting Company products as a professional sales representative to all assigned existing and prospective accounts. Develops and maintains productive working relationships with customers that allow sales and marketing goals to be achieved. Works consistently and effectively in order to achieve targets and goals set by the company. Conducts sales calls to seek the placement of product in high volume areas. Ensures that customers are well satisfied with products and services. Makes recommendations to management regarding product development, pricing, and sales projections. Assists other area personnel in the East Midlands to promote the System sales strategy to clients and potential customers as needed. Responsible for the success and implementation of our System Sales strategy in the East Midlands dealing primarily with Fieldbus applications and Industrial networks. Tasks and Duties:  plan a weekly diary of sales calls and visit clients  talk to clients about products and update their product information/knowledge  arrange contracts and payment details with clients  find and contact potential new customers  develop new sales ideas to attract more clients  develop and understanding of customers industry / products  offer products and/or solutions tailored to customers requirements  arrange quotations to be made and follow up their progress  deal with customer complaints  enforce payment terms in the interest of the company  arrange equipment trials  ascertain customer requirements for delivery or installation of products  keep in contact with clients and answer their enquiries  arrange servicing of goods if they are faulty, even after they have been sold  remain informed about own new products and competitors offerings  advise management and staff of the clients needs  keep sales records and write reports  send in a weekly sales report and mileage form  finance day to day work, to be refunded through a monthly expenses claim  may organise sales budgets  attend / man trade shows and conferences  predict future market trends Qualifications / Professional Requirements:  Preferably HNC or higher in Electrical / ElectroMechanical Engineering  A proven track record in the field of industrial automation would be desirable  Min. 3 years electrical or electromechanical product sales/support experience  Full clean driving license Specific skills requirements:  Proven knowledge of our market/products/industrial automation  Good communication skills  Able to work in a professional and dedicated manner alone  Ability to plan and budget  Ability to speedily analyse opportunities and advise solutions  Computer literate (Word, Excel, CRM packages etc)  Ability / willingness to learn and promote new products and technologies Working environment / Physical requirements: Home based office with extensive travel Generally 4 days on the road with min. **** sales calls per day, unless otherwise discussed on a specific basis with the Sales Manager Working hours: Core hours are 8.30am  5.00pm, MonFri. with **** mins lunch break, unless there is a specific and individual agreement. You will however be required to work such hours as are necessary to fulfil the requirements of the job and the needs of the business. As an Area Sales Manager, it is likely that these start and finish times of the day will be extended in order to facilitate travel (to the first appointment and from the last appointment) and to make the most efficient use of the working hours on behalf of the company. It may be necessary to stay away from home regularly i.e. to attend training, exhibitions and visit parts of your sales area.