Title: Power Generation Sales Support Engineer
Webindex: 71856148
Company: Seismic Ltd
Description: We have a unique opportunity for a Sales Support Engineer to join our clients global operation based in Bracknell. The role has arisen so our clients can realise the growth opportunity in power generation within the on and offshore Drilling and Production segments. An excellent base salary is on offer plus benefits and bonus. Key Responsibilities of a Power Generation Sales Support Engineer The Sales Support Engineer provides technical expertise and presales commercial support for production power applications for their Petroleum business in the EAME region.  Working with dealers and end customers to successfully apply natural gas and diesel engines into on and offshore petroleum applications.  Review customer specifications and use these specs to build technical solutions through commercial quotations for engines and generators.  Select products, assess the competition and aid dealers and managers in the quest for market leadership, customer satisfaction and attractive financial results. Power Generation Sales and Support Engineer must have the following skills and qualifications:  Technical knowledge of engines, mechanical systems, electrical power systems, and electronic controls is required along with strong mechanical and/or electrical aptitude. An ability to develop and articulate product concepts is essential.  The ability to communicate technical information effectively.  A selfstarter with strong technical leadership skills plus the initiative and ability to solve problems  Excellent judgment and decision making ability in order to work with both technical and commercial issues involved in the growing Petroleum business.  Ability to travel throughout Europe, Africa and the Middle East is essential  travel time **** to 40%  Experience with design and/or application of engine and generator products (desired)  Prior experience in dealer/customer facing positions (desired)  Strong knowledge of the diesel engine and generator market for on and offshore production power applications. (desired)  Strong working knowledge with respect to on and offshore generators, engines, controls systems, design and construction specifications, industry certifications, product applications and operation (desired)