Title: Insight Analyst  Leicester
Webindex: 69802305
Company: British Gas
Description: Insight Analyst  Leicester  Overview Base Salary up to ****  excellent benefit package Location: Leicester LE**** ****SZ Insight Analyst  Leicester  The Role: Responsible for liaising with British Gas Business Credit Internal customers, providing and delivering recommendations based on analysis, understanding future requirements for Insight in Credit, working in conjunction with the wider Credit Support Team and Central MI team Help support optimised customer collection strategy. Responsible for data analysis, profiling activity to increase understanding of the BGB Customer debt and associated behaviour. Produce and communicate analysis and reports with the business so that they understand and use the output effectively. Support business projects and adhoc queries as required. Insight Analyst  Leicester The Person: Highly Numerate Excellent working knowledge of Microsoft Office software (Access, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook). Competence in SQL or equivalent environments. Knowledge and understanding of the business key performance indicators. Knowledge of SAS Enterprise Guide would be beneficial. Data interpretation and analysis skills including data manipulation. Good communication skills both written and verbal with the ability to explain the analysis in a clear and concise manner. Ability to build trusted relationships at all levels. Good organisation skills, with the ability to prioritise deliverables and plan accordingly. Ability to work under pressure to tight deadlines. Insight Analyst  Leicester  The Business: This is an exciting opportunity to join British Gas, the UKs leading Energy Company and part of Centrica plc. Applications can only be made online by hitting the apply button. PLEASE APPLY ONLINE by hitting the ‘Apply’ button. Please upload your cover letter and CV as one document. Applications will ONLY be accepted via the 'Apply' button To request an update on this role, please email Neetu.kumarcentrica.com typing Insight Analyst  Leicester Insight Analyst  Leicester (BG****) in the subject title. This role is being handled by the Centrica recruitment team and NO agency contact is required. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InsightAnalystLeicester_job****