Title: Site Technical Manager
Webindex: 56293449
Company: JOBG8
Description: Position: Technical Manager (Food) Location: Edinburgh Salary: Excellent Package and Benefits The Oppotrunity Our Client is a major food producer with multiple sites across the UK. This is an excellent opportunity to join one of the UK's largest food manufacturers in a Senior position? A company that prides itself on inspiring customer loyalty along with employee satisfaction and rewards. Position: Technical Manager Overview To manage our clients site technical quality team to ensure that products that enter the market place are safe and legal and manufactured to standards that meet or exceed all agreed internal or external specifications. To support the Factory Manager to instil a quality culture throughout the site. To be the key interface with all members of the senior team ensuring that technical standards are adopted and delivered. Key responsibilities  To coordinate all technical quality activities to ensure that products are manufactured against agreed specifications.  To develop and maintain a robust auditing programme that continues to meet the requirements set by all audit bodies.  To develop the site technical strategy, to show continuous improvement and added value.  To support the central technical team to develop consistent best practice policies whist looking for alternative ways to solve problems  Delivery of site technical KPI's,  To be customer facing on all technical issues and to support the commercial counterparts where required to ensure business continuity  Primary contact with Government and Non Governmental organisational bodies  Inclusive of retailer interface.  To develop & support robust corrective action plans to ensure any consumer or customer dissatisfaction is addressed  To agree specifications that are achievable and review to ensure that customer satisfaction is always met  To develop a quality culture throughout the manufacturing site by supporting the FGM and senior team to continuously improve against standards  To develop clear hygiene standards ensuring that corrective actions that may cause risks are dealt with in a timely manner  Undertakes investigations on any internal incidents that have led to contaminated product leaving site control  To oversee all site technical contracts ensuring that they are managed and delivering against agreed KPI's  To ensure that there is a formal handover from the packaging team ensuring that all documentation is available and that quality standards are maintained.  To ensure that there is a formal handover of new products from NPD and that all documentation is available and that products quality standards are achievable  To develop robust capital plans for continuous quality improvements inclusive of supporting documentation Accountability/Responsibility  Accountability for final product compliance to regulatory standards  legal labels.  Accountability for all aspects of site HACCP, Hygiene, Food Safety, Pest Control and Auditing systems.  Accountability for the site maintenance of External and Internal Standards. (BRC, Retailer, Internal audits etc)  Responsible for site technical contracts and delivery of these to group KPI's  Responsible for ensuring compliance with group policy