Title: Konica Minolta Photocopier Engineer
Webindex: 72117636
Company: Print Recruit
Description: Our Client has an immediate vacancy for a skilled / trained field service photocopier engineer in the guildford area. coveirng the M4 corridor. You will be used to providing customers with a professional, efficient maintenance and repair service, ensuring full customer satisfaction prior to leaving the service call Key activities: Respond to callouts in a timely manner, identify and resolve technical faults and undertake all technical modifications as they arise. Install and network multi functional devices on the customer premises to the customer s satisfaction. Provide advice and training to customers on all aspects of the machine functions in order to ensure customers are fully aware of and utilise the full capabilities of the installed device. Undertake relevant training as directed, which will include computer based training, in order to ensure up to date knowledge is maintained on all Konica Minolta Multi Function products. Undertake all repairs in a safe manner and in accordance with manufacturers recommendations and health & safety legislation. Achieve key performance targets as directed in order to maintain optimum customer satisfaction Complete all necessary reporting requirement and paper work in an accurate and timely manner. Effectively use technology tools such as PDA and laptop in order to ensure continuous improvements in service delivery. Maintain car stock to required standards Support or response to service calls outs for other service teams as necessary Relationships & Communications Build strong working relationships and communicate effectively with other team members, team leaders, Field quality managers and service managers exception handlers ,sales and any other relevant department within the company. Build and maintain professional, confident and friendly relationships with customers and colleagues. Self Development Undertake relevant training and contribute towards own improvement as directed, in order to ensure up to date knowledge of all relevant products and applications