Title: Mechanical Design Engineer (System Pressure / Stress analysis calcs)
Webindex: 66595928
Company: Otj Recruitment Ltd
Description: Design Engineer (Mechanical/RSE)  able to undertake system pressure loss calculations and stress analysis calculations  design and operation of nuclear and nonnuclear based plant and equipment  familiar with legislation i.e. PSSR, PED etc  based Plymouth  salary c****  ****K We are looking for a Mechanical Design Engineer who is able to undertake system pressure loss calculations and stress analysis calculations. Candidates for the position of Mechanical Design Engineer (System Pressure/Stress analysis calculations) must have experience in the design and operation of nuclear and nonnuclear based plant and equipment and be familiar with relevant legislation i.e. PSSR, PED etc. An advanced knowledge of engineering office computer applications and design analysis software packages is required and you must have a sound understanding of mechanical engineering design and safety practice as relevant to mechanical systems along with a degree or HNC (or equivalent) in a Mechanical or Mechanical systems/services engineering discipline. The role of Mechanical Design Engineer (System Pressure/Stress analysis calcs) will be in a department which provides support covering Mechanical Building Services plant, equipment and systems for Commercial, Industrial and Nuclear Facilities and Refit Support Equipment. This support includes Building Services for HVAC, LEV, Domestic and Industrial Water, Steam Condensate, industrial gases and compressed air etc as well as refit support equipment predominantly for the design of process rigs connected to the Nuclear Steam Raising Plant on various classes of submarine. The main purpose of the role of Mechanical Design Engineer (System Pressure/Stress analysis calculations) is to provide mechanically biased technical engineering and design support/deliverables to Plant/Project Managers and Design Safety Managers covering mechanical and nuclear process plant and pipework systems Visits to radiological controlled areas, vessels and industrial premises will be required and the successful Mechanical Design Engineer (System Pressure/Stress analysis calcs) must have editorial and briefing skills, be able to work under pressure and possess leadership, good communications and interpersonal skills. Successful candidates will need to satisfy Ministry of Defence security requirements and may be required to complete a medical assessment. OTJ specialises in engineering and engineering related positions. We are currently looking for Project Managers and Engineers, designers, draughts people, Mechanical, electrical and Electronics Design engineers and draughts people, service engineers, sales engineers, avionics engineers and buyers All candidates should have the unrestricted right to live and work in the UK This vacancy is advertised by Otj Recruitment Ltd. The services advertised are those of an employment agency