Title: Low Voltage Contract Manager
Webindex: 71125664
Company: Reed
Description: Our client is the UK s biggest water and sewerage company with around 14 million customers. You would be joining a company with an amazing history and exciting future. There are a diverse set of roles within the organisation, ranging from engineering, scientific opportunities through to contact centre and regulation, finance and IT. On offer is a welcoming work environment and extensive benefits, as well as opportunities for career progression within the business. Role details This is an opportunity to become a technical specialist within our client s organisation. It is essential to ensuring that all electrical installation and inspection work is carried out effectively. You will be working with contractors, third parties and internal customers to achieve the desired outputs. You will be fully supported in developing your career as an electrical specialist and you will liaise with key stakeholders both internally and externally. You will manage the provision of planned and defective specialist low voltage electrical maintenance (periodic inspection and testing, Dangerous Substances and Explosive Atmosphere Regulations (DSEAR) and lightning protection) across a region. You will be responsible for the management of one Specialist Technician and Contractor Resource. This particular role will allow the position holder the use of a role profile car. Key responsibilities:  Manage periodic inspection and testing, DSEAR and lightning protection maintenance through contracts.  Line Management of Qualifying Supervisor.  Provide technical scrutiny and challenge of defect reports. Specify essential work and seek quotations for necessary remedial action.  Manage Thames Water inspection records including interface with Capital Delivery and DMC Project Teams.  Liaison with Specialist Services Assistant Planners (PaRC) to optimise, plan and record maintenance activity.  Provide cover for the Maintenance Delivery Manager. Your profile This is a technical role and requires electrical trade experience, including maintenance and fault finding on low voltage electrical systems. You will have an excellent understanding of BS**** (IEE Wiring Regulations) and inspection and testing codes. Experience of regulations and electrical equipment for use in potentially flammable atmospheres is essential, therefore a working knowledge of Dangerous Substances and Explosive Atmosphere (DSEAR) is needed. This role requires good working knowledge and understanding of relevant health and safety requirements, especially the electrical safety rules. You will have good analytical and interpersonal skills, with particular strength in managing relationships with contractors and operational staff. An understanding of water and wastewater treatment processes and their relationship to electrical power distribution systems would be an advantage. You must also hold a full valid driving licence. The closing date for this role is Tuesday 5th February, so please ensure your application is submitted on or before this date. To find out more about this role and other opportunities within the Water/Utility/Engineering industry then contact our Direct Sourcing team (MonFri, 8am6pm) on (Apply online only). Reed Consulting are part of Reed Specialist Recruitment who help public and private sector organisations of all sizes to transform performance by designing and implementing the most effective strategies to acquire and develop talent