Title: Bridge Engineer
Webindex: 66673960
Company: Thatcher Energy
Description: Bridge Engineer Exeter Our client is a leading International Engineering Consultancy with long standing expertise in Civil and Structural Engineering. Their Exeter office is a project delivery office with major public sector clients and an increasing private sector workload. The workload is diverse with the team specialising in Civil and Highway Structures and Geotechnical Engineering. Schemes vary from Assessment and inspection to the design of major new infrastructure structures including contract preparation and administration. A vacancy has arisen for a Bridge Engineer to join the Civil Structures and Ground Engineering business unit. Reporting to a Principal Engineer, you will assist with the delivery of civil and highway structure schemes for various private and public clients. You ll liaise with clients, stakeholders and other technical disciplines (Transportation Planning, Environment and Highways) to deliver innovative designs within time and cost constraints. You ll guide, supervise and direct junior team members in technical matters to ensure delivery of projects and aid technical development of the team. You ll assist in the programming of resources and projects to ensure timely delivery. Key Skills / Experience: Educated to Masters Degree level with relevant experience and close to submission for, or just attained, Chartered membership of a professional institution (ICE / IStructE). Extensive relevant post education experience Ability to work alone or as part of a team. Knowledge of the implications of works on the environment and knowledge of sustainable construction practices. Working knowledge of Highways Agency design standards for Bridges. Working knowledge of Bridge design standards BS**** and Eurocodes for Structural design, and design software packages (Archie, SAM, Lusas, SuperSTRESS) Experience of inspection and assessment of highway structures Ability to work closely with engineers from other disciplines and other construction professionals to optimise and develop bespoke, value for money and innovative designs. Experience of utilities provision, diversions and construction practices. Understanding and experience of the health and safety legislation covering the construction industry. Working knowledge of contract procurement, specification, supervision and contract administration experience. (NEC Contract). Excellent report writing skills. Excellent interpersonal skills