Title: Principal Civil Engineer  Water
Webindex: 69521485
Company: Atkins Ltd   Water Environment
Description: Atkins is the largest engineering and design consultancy in the UK, the largest multidisciplinary consultancy in Europe and one of the largest design firms in the world. Our Water Operations team is one of the largest in the UK. Our clients include highprofile water companies, local authorities and independent businesses. Capital Delivery Solutions is one of the business units in Water Operations and this business consisting of over **** staff based at offices in the UK and India delivering civil engineering solutions and designs for major Non Infrastructure and Infrastructure projects. Due to expanding workload in the NW of England, we have anopportunity for a successful individual to promote and lead technical excellence within our Civil engineering design team. This team is providing design support to many of the leading Civil Engineering Contractors in the country and is working on projects for water companies such as United Utilities, Wessex Water, Northumbrian Water, Severn Trent Water and Scottish Water. There will also be the opportunity for the right individual to lead and develop technical best practice across all the design teams within the national Capital Delivery Solutions business. This role is based at the Atkins office inBirchwood Business Park Warrington however regular travel to other Atkins/Clients offices across the UK will be required. Requirements Qualifications:  Degree qualification within Civil Engineering, or other equivalent engineering qualification with a civil bias and ideally should be a Chartered Civil Engineer Essential Criteria  Significant experience of working in the Water Industry, particularly Wastewater Treatment Works, Water Treatment, Pipelines and Reservoirs (One area is essential, **** or more preferred).  Extensive design experience within a civil engineering consultancy and a successful track record of Project Managing multi disciplinary design teams  Experience of carrying out check and review of design deliverables  Financial management and robust commercial and consultancy awareness  A track record of winning and delivering engineering projects  Stakeholder management  Excellent communication skills (coordinating a multidiscipline design team) Desirable Criteria  Experience in design and build projects  Experienced in producing detail design schedules. (Primavera preferred)  Microsoft Outlook, Word and Excel proficient Responsibilities  Report to the Team Leader  Production of monthly resource plans  Technical leadership of the design team of approximately **** staff which consists of Senior Engineers, Engineers Graduates and CAD Technicians  Setting budgets for the detail design of projects in conjunction with the Discipline Team Leaders, typically Structural, Geotechnical, Architectural and associated CAD services.  Incorporation of H S requirements and CDM regulations into designs  Development and challenge of Engineering Solutions  Provide Technical advice to Civil Engineering Team  Preparation of Technical Reports and Calculations  Production of Innovative Solutions Technical  Project management on a variety of engineering projects including detailed design with requirement for scoping and feasibility at times  Undertaking technical work, including checks reviews and design, on a variety of projects for the water sector and ensure the Design team contribute to the Commercial Risk Register. The Individual  Innovative and creative with ability of generating new ideas and following through  Ability to work collaboratively with clients colleagues alike  Strong change control skills and experience of preparing submissions to justify additional costs  Flexible approach to work Right to Work The UK Government have taken steps to reduce net migration to the UK by limiting the number of overseas workers from outside the EEA coming to the UK for employment. Please note that whilst we are able to consider applications from overseas workers from outside the EEA (who require a Tier **** (General) visa) we can only employ them if we can provide evidence that there are no other suitable candidates for this vacancy from inside the EEA. Training Atkins develops individuals through a portfolio of training and development activities designed to help you make the best of your abilities and talents. We encourage participation in all forms of training and have an active programme of inhouse and well as external training. Rewards and Benefits Please refer to our website for details of our full benefits package.