Title: Senior/Principal Hardware Engineer
Webindex: 68805259
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Our Client is a leader in defence electronics markets, with a distinctive strength in airborne mission critical systems and a wide range of capabilities for the battlefield and for homeland security applications. Important Knowledge of radar systems The Job Senior/Principal Hardware Engineer Job Description A key role has arisen for a Radar Receiver Integration Engineer within the Captor Radar Integrated Project Team (IPT). The successful candidate would be responsible for the delivery of product improvements to Radar Support Service and Production IPTs, for the Captor Radar Receiver product families. Working within this IPT, the successful candidate will be responsible for technical and engineering delivery against Radar Support Service (RSS) Key Performance Indicators (KPI), and be accountable to the Receiver Project Engineering Manager. Key Responsibility Areas The successful candidate will be responsible for leading design improvement and enhancement activities leading to the KPIs meeting the customer defined targets. The successful candidates will have particular responsibility for the reduction of No Fault Found Receiver LRI returns and reduction of Mean Time Between Arising of onaircraft faults within the Receiver LRI. Other tasks will include problem and defect resolution in support of reduction of Repair Turn Round Time , development and proving of design improvements leading to unit production cost reduction, design out of obsolescence, and other areas of product development and integration. The candidate will be required to act as an interface between the Receiver sub system Product Engineering team, Support Service manager, Production manager and Test Equipment manager, ensuring alignment of these activities and reporting against agreed delivery targets. The candidate will be expected to collate and present lessons learned and provide Defect and Problem Investigation reports to the RSS Engineering team and current production programmes for the purposes of customer query answering and business case preparation for future product development. Qualifications, Skills amp; Knowledge Qualifications First or second degree (BSc, BEng, MEng, MSc, PhD, EngD) in Electrical amp; Electronic Engineering (preferable) or related science (eg Physics) with preferably some specialisation in receiver techniques supported by appropriate fundamental elements. Skills It is essential that the applicant has a broad based knowledge of radar systems and / or a proven track record of leading significant RF/Mixed Signal development in a related sphere. Ideally the candidate would have recent practical experience of identifying and resolving design margin and manufacturability issues in high complexity mixed RF/Digital systems. It is essential that the candidate has significant practical electronic equipment development experience. The candidate must be able to work within a multidisciplinary design and development team. Leadership skills would also be highly desirable. Knowledge Knowledge in one or more of the following areas is also essential: Experience of diagnosing hardware faults Ability to collect investigation data and analyse in Excel, Mathcad or Matlab. Familiarity with Digital/RF Signal circuits Familiarity with performance and function of Calibration and built in test in a complex RF systems Ability to liaise with software and systems engineers Ability to liaise with internal and external support engineers Ability to understand component specifications and RF sub system specifications. Ability to prepare and maintain Engineering Plans and associated project reporting An understanding of configuration control methods and Product Data Management (PDM) tools Experience of using RF/digital/power supply test equipment. Knowledge of VEETest/ATLAS. Knowledge of Intrastage To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK