Title: Signalling Project Engineer
Webindex: 67945687
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview UK ConstRail Purpose of Role To be responsible for the overall deliver of design, construction and commissioning elements of signalling projects safely to time and budget, whilst delivering the functionality and quality expected by the client. Key Objectives of the Role Deliver the design, construction and testing and commissioning programme and activities to time, cost and quality, in accordance with Carillion and the client standards. Establish and maintain regular project construction management meetings and briefings to ensure that satisfactory communication links are maintained throughout the organisation for coordination of the works, maximising site productivity, briefing of changes, resolution of issues and reporting progress. The development and implementation of effective systems to manage, instruct and control changes and variations away from project baselines for scope, programme, budget and specification. Coordinate and monitor signalling staff competencies and IRSE licenses required to carry out Safety critical work. Compliance with all statutory and regulatory provision including the HMRI and CDM Regulations. Reporting on construction and commissioning progress, key issues, and the effective project management of such activities. Reporting of Key Performance Indicators To promote Target Zero ensuring involvement of Project Team in BBS and SAG securing total involvement from all levels of the workforce in Safety. Discharge Carillions Principle Contractor duties satisfactorily. Carryout safety briefings and Safety tours in accordance with Carillion Rail Policies. Dissemination of best practice initiatives throughout the project teams. Ensure all personnel under his/her direction possess the relevant information, documentation, competency and experience to undertake Signalling works, and any relevant associated works to the appropriate safety standards and procedures at all times. Develop, apply and monitor local safety arrangements and safety inspection regimes. Cooperate with outside party inspections, HSE visits and company safety audits. Adhere to all relevant legislation. Lead or participate in accident and incident investigations as appropriate. Lead and drive Carillion Rails Don t Walk By and If it s not Safe Don t do it philosophies/ culture. Job Level Overview Subject to managerial direction, the Job Holder will generally be subject to broad practices and procedures that are covered by functional/business precedents and policies. nbsp;The job holder will generally be at least part professionally qualified and will probably possess some specialised knowledge/skills gained through on the job experience. The Job Holder s performance will have either a very small impact on plc performance, or a small impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Accountable for specific areas of responsibility and deliverables and manages the associated risks Delivers activities to support operational objectives for their specific contract, project or specialism Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 6 months to one year Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines Interacts with client or users around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Manages the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility Focus of work is predominantly against defined targets but performs a range of tasks from complex to straightforward Financial Accountabilities Typically manages cost centre budget (first line budgetary accountability) Identifies ways to reduce cost and improve service Manages variable costs (e.g. overtime and agency costs) People Accountabilities For a small contract, section of contract or single disciplinary teams: Typically first line manager with overall people responsibility Optimises performance Undertakes performance reviews and provides training and reward recommendations Responsible for implementing disciplinary actions up to final warning Knowledge and Applied Skills Thorough working knowledge of one functional area through significant job experience amp; training Experience of supporting a business contract and/or providing support to a professional function Likely to have 5 years business experience and/or be a fully qualified professional with minimum of 2 years PQE with Intermediate Level Qualifications. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information To be suitable for this role applicants will have: At least ten years experience in signalling. A sound knowledge of multi discipline projects. An engineering background, developed from site. Role information: Offer full signalling support to the project manager and signalling engineering manager. Capturing change as the project develops. Setting out the agenda for teams. Holding regular project specific signalling engineering meetings with the design, testing and construction departments. When neccessary managing activities on site. To undertake this role successfully the applicant will need a company car. This will be stated as a job need within the contract pack.