Title: Technical Illustrator and Parts Compiler
Webindex: 70676043
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction We are looking for an experienced and professional Technical Illustrator who works well in a team and under tight schedules. Important Illustrator and Parts Experience The Job Your responsibilities working as a Technical Illustrator and Parts Compiler will include:  compiling parts illustrations from CAD (Vis Mockup and Teamcenter Engineering) data using Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop  editing previous illustrations using Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop  to update Parts Manuals using dreamweaver software (asp file editing)  liasing with the Parts Technical Author and Engineers to validate the Parts Manual  managing workload effectively for several customers  to report weekly to lead Technical Illustrator  to support team meetings and discuss workload and upcoming work  visit manufacturing line to understand component breakdown Specific requirements: The candidate must adhere to in house formats which will be detailed by the lead Technical Illustrator. Automotive and Parts catalogue creation experience is essential. General requirements: The candidate is responsible for completing work detailed by both the lead Technical Illustrator and Parts Technical Authors on a weekly basis. The main area of work is creating Technical Illustrations and associated Parts list which will be validated by the Parts Technical Author.  excellent communication and customer facing skills are essential. All of our engineers work directly with our customers. A tenacious and can do approach to our (and their) business is imperative.  excellent computer skills are important and experience of working in the ****D digital environment is helpful. Use of CAD and CAD visualisation tools are an important part of the daytoday role of a Technical Illustrator.  first class organisational and project management skills; you will need to be organised because in time your responsibilities will include understanding and implementing how your work will interact with a vehicle programme s product development lifecycle. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK