Title: Assistant QA Manager (Cabling Industry)
Webindex: 71552860
Company: Thorn Baker
Description: Job Role: Assistant QA Manager (Cabling Industry) Quality Inspection, Quality Inspector, Quality Manager Salary: **** to ****  bonus scheme Company Benefits: Pension  bonus Location: Doncaster The Role: We require a confident and highly organised individual to step into this QA Assistant Manager/QA Coordinators role and assist with ensuring that all QA systems are kept up to date. This is a handson role and will see the successful candidate overseeing a Technical Administrator, **** QA Inspectors and a QA Engineer, whilst reporting to the QA Manager. The Candidate: As an Assistant QA Manager, you will be responsible for: Supporting and guiding the QA team to passing audits. Making sure all staff members have received necessary training. Ensuring all staff possess the correct tools to perform their job to the best of their ability. Dealing with customers and suppliers providing technical advice for potential multi million  contracts. Suitable candidates for this role will: Be passionate and enthusiastic about the industry. Have previously worked within an environment accredited with ISO 9001, ISO 14001 or ISO 18001. Have a strong understanding of the cabling industry and a minimum of 5 years experience in a quality or manufacturing role. Possess technical report writing skills and have previous auditing experience. Have previous day to day man management experience of a compact team. The Qualifications: To be considered for this role you must have completed a relevant Mechanical or Electrical engineering degree. Candidates working towards chartered status will be at a distinct advantage Client information: This is a great opportunity for work in a niche industry for a well established distributor of cables. Additional Information: This role will require some fully expensed travel within the UK and overseas. If you feel you are suitable for this vacancy, please forward your CV and a cover letter outlining relevant experience to sianthornbaker.co.uk