Title: Electronic Systems Design Engineer
Webindex: 69008282
Company: CBSbutler
Description: Role: Electronics Systems Design Engineer Salary: **** Location: Surrey The company: Due to rapid expansion, a leading designer and manufacturer of solid state lasers is looking for an Electronics Systems Design Engineer to design and develop control aspects of advanced high power industrial laser systems. The Role: As an Electronics Systems Design Engineer you will:  Design and develop control systems for newly developed products involving the application of high power laser switched power supplies.  Take responsibility for electronics design and software aspects of key projects and manage the development program and time scales through to the release.  Creation of documentation to support the full engineering lifecycle, including requirements, design, test spec, risk assessment and user documentation.  Maintain existing technology systems, in terms of maintenance and customer specific design requirements.  Help to define quality systems and procedures, including document management, revision control, etc  Provide reports of test results, development progress and times scales.  Work in collaboration with other development staff providing guidance and direction for assigned projects.  Collaborate with other companies to support the product development or commercialisation.  Identify and develop vendors providing components and services.  Provide technical support to manufacturing and field service when required. Skills Required: As an Electronic Systems Engineer you will have the following:  Experience of industrial control systems design, both embedded and supervisory, including generalised I/O and hardware/software interfacing, PLCs, industrial PC or embedded computers  Embedded (microcontroller C programming skills  Some design experience of analogue and digital electronics.  Proficient in use of MS Office suite (Word, Excel, etc)  Ability to present technical and management reports Desirable Skills:  Experience of general analogue and digital electronics design from DC to **** GHz  Experience of safety and EMC certification, e.g. CE, UL, FCC  Good understanding of the engineering lifecycle, as applied to electronics and software  Software design techniques such as UML, OOD, Yourdon  Competent in highlevel modern languages such as C++, Java, VB in a Windows environment (Visual Studio preferred)  Design of systems involving high power switchmode PSUs or medium power RF generators would be a bonus. Academics:  The successful candidate will have a BSc (or equivalent) in Electronic Engineering (or related subject) If you have feel you can demonstrate experience in the areas above, and you are interested in finding out more, please contact me today at or on ****eywords: Control Systems, Design, Embedded, Hardware, Software, PLCs, Embedded FPGA, ARM based Microcontrollers, Xilinx FPGA, EMC, C, Programming, DC, UML, OOD, Yourdon, RF