Title: Machinist
Webindex: 65440355
Company: ASC Connections Ltd
Description: Job Title: Machinist / Fitter Location: Daventry Salary: ****K p.a. Shift: Days As a Machinist your role and responsibilities will include: Record all necessary data to produce expected service or design results including sizing and drawings. Perform milling operations such as drilling, tapping, boring, and conventional milling and lathe work using various engine lathes. Balancing mechanical assemblies using dynamic balance equipment. Perform various metalizing techniques as needed. Understand materials and applications as required. Perform various welding operations, including setup and use of MIG, TIG, torch and stick welders. Set up and perform toolpost grinding operations, broaching procedures and Babbitt bearing work. Use various hand held and stationary power and non power tools, included but not limited to: band saws, belt sanders, hand grinders, files etc. Ensuring all work meets the appropriate standards and quality control criteria as set out by the company. Ensure you adhere to Health and Safety responsibilities at all times, including following all appropriate procedures and using the appropriate protective equipment. Ensure that risks and hazards in activities undertaken in the role are acknowledged and conducted in accordance with processes, procedure and measures in place to mitigate risks Be familiar with environmental aspects of activities undertaken in the role and the procedures and processes underpinning. Ensure that the work area is kept clean and tidy in accordance with company initiatives and in accordance with health and safety requirements. Any other duties commensurate with your skills, knowledge and experience. SKILLS, EXPERIENCE KNOWLEDGE Formal apprenticeship in mechanical engineering Recognised qualification in mechanical engineering Basic mechanical aptitude Time served machinist Previous experience of working on Conventional/CNC machines The company: Multinational engineering company in specialising in the service and repair of pumps motors and rotating machinery ASC Connections is a leading recruitment business specialising within areas of both technical and business services. We operate as an employment business or an employment agency for all temporary and permanent roles respectively. For an extensive range of job opportunities please visit our website at www.ascconnections.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Machinist_job****