Title: Technical Support Service Engineer
Webindex: 68550184
Company: Matchtech
Description: Our SME client are a successful engineering company that produce laboratory scale food processing equipment for large brand names around the world. Due to increased sales they now require an Engineer with Electromechanical systems servicing skills. Reporting to the Head of Customer Support you will be responsible for servicing and maintaining existing customers’ equipment on site as well as installing and commissioning new equipment within the Industrial Food Technology Division of the Company. ****k****k  1015% annual bonus  pension  life assurance. This requires someone with an electromechanical systems skill set who has proven experience maintaining, repairing, faultfinding and servicing a range of production equipment. Ideally you would have worked on food processing equipment but other useful experience will be considered as follows; • Medical • Robotics / Automated Machinery • Captial Equipment • Actuation Systems (automotive / aerospace) Essential Requirements: • Solid diagnostic skills and the ability to work from and read schematics are also required. Thus, a bias towards electronic and electrical principles. • Excellent customer skills with a professional and diplomatic manner. • Used to working away from home often for long periods. • Available to travel at weekends, especially on overseas trips. Duties to include: • Carrying out service contracts both in the UK and overseas. • The installation, commissioning and training of new equipment on site. • Supporting customers who require immediate callout for emergency repairs. • Ensuring spare parts are accurately reported so that subsequent quotations can be raised. • Maintaining IFT service kits. If you are selfmotivated, have a current driving licence and current passport, substantial rewards can be earned. Full product training provided, a vehicle (not for private use), portable laptop, working clothes and a bespoke set of tools. This is an expanding area of the Company and would suit anyone who wishes to further their career by joining a wellestablished, international market leader in this field An excellent opportunity for an enthusiastic individual who enjoys travelling and interfacing with customers. ****k****k  1015% bonus  pension  life assurance Must be willing to travel for periods at a time globally (Europe, Asia, US) Commutable from Bournemouth, Poole, Salisbury, Winchester, Southamption, Shaftesbury. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.