Title: Instrument Control Automation Technicians
Webindex: 68612049
Company: Yorkshire Water
Description: Instrument Control Automation Technicians Elvington, York ****  ****  bonus depending on experience Covering North and East Yorkshire from Whitby to Hull and the Dales. ESSENTIAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS ATTRIBUTES ONC in Electrical / Control / Electronic Engineering. BS**** 16th / 17th edition IEE Electrical Regulations. DESIRABLE EXPERIENCE Fault finding and minor modifications on PLC s (Allen Bradley / Mitsubishi). Experience of SCADA (IFIX) systems. Working knowledge of a wide range of analytical Instrumentation e.g. Chlorine, Ph, Dissolved Oxygen, Turbidity, Colour, Nitrate, Sludge Density. Broad knowledge of Clean and Waste Water processes. Experience of fault finding and repair of point to point communications via Private wire. Setting up, faultfinding and repairs of point to point radio networks. Experience of Profibus. Fault finding and installation of Pressure/Level/Flow/Temperature instrumentation. Experience of working on telemetry equipment and systems. THE ROLE As an ICA Technician, you will be required to maintain, fault find and repair all of Yorkshire Waters ICA equipment to the Company standards in line with current KPI s (Key Performance Indicator) and QMS (Quality Management System) procedures. Your responsibilities will include: Providing a service to our partners on the analysis and rectification of hardware/software and process problems associated with ICA equipment install and commission new/ replacement equipment. Calibrating instrumentation to given standards, and complete accurate recording /certification. Participating in a formal standby rota providing out of hours cover, covering your base area and all areas when required, typically this could be 1 week in 7 depending on business needs. Carrying out multifunction working, and so will be working on both Clean and Waste Water assets. There may be elements of confined space working and working at height, however full training will be provided. THE PERSON Ideally you will be a qualified ICA Technician, however if you feel you have the relevant experience within an industrial control, environment and meet the minimum requirements for the role, we will consider developing your existing skills. In addition you will ideally have experience of fault diagnosis and repair on complex processes and control equipment. You will therefore need to have an analytical approach to problem solving and feel confident using IT in your everyday role. A full valid EU driving licence is therefore essential. As an essential needs business user you will be provided with a company vehicle if required. You will have an analytical approach to problem solving, and can demonstrate a proactive approach to Health and Safety and be IT literate. Yorkshire Water manages the collection, treatment and distribution of water around the Yorkshire region, supplying around **** billion litres of drinking water each day. At the same time we also collect, treat and dispose of approximately one billion litres of waste water safely back into the environment. But we re about much more than just water and sewerage services and our people work across a wide range of areas including IT, Finance and Regulation, HR and Health Safety. To help us achieve our vision of taking responsibility for the water environment for good we currently have two exciting opportunities to join Yorkshire Water as ICA Technicians to maintain our assets across the Yorkshire Region. WHAT S IN IT FOR YOU? Career enhancement and development, colleague wellbeing and a genuinely positive work experience for all are key priorities. We are continuously evolving and improving our ways of working and you will support us in achieving our vision of taking responsibility for the water environment for good . If you wish to be considered for this superb opportunity and to join a winning team, click apply. You must be eligible to work in the UK. People/Skills suitable for this role include: Instrument Control Technicians, Automation Control Technicians, BS**** SCADA,