Title: Senior Digital IC Design Engineer
Webindex: 69264834
Company: Redline Group
Description: My client is the world's largest supplier of EDA technologies and engineering services. They help customers break through their challenges by providing a new generation of electronic design solutions that speed advanced IC and system designs to volume. They are presently seeking a new Senior Digital IC Design Engineer to join their present compliment of consulting staff team, based in Edinburgh developing blocks of IP for various High speed applications. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a growing global design team, taking IC designs from concept and specification through design, synthesis and verification, as well as conversion to foundry specific standard cell libraries. As a Senior Digital IC Design Engineer you will be responsible for the complete development of logic blocks in VHDL / Verilog and logic synthesis of the complete designs in FPGA and standard cell CMOS logic. The ideal Senior Digital IC Design Engineer will be experienced in Digital IC design and be enthusiastic about joining an environment where you can make a difference and take ownership of your work. You will be BSc/MSc qualified in an Electrical/Electronic engineering discipline or equivalent with a demonstrable experience in digital IC design and/or verification from design to tapeout. In your role you will have used industry standard EDA tools such as Cadence  Verilog/VHDL RTL design and various verification methodology. Key Accountabilities • Apply stateoftheart technology and design solutions to the development of high performance leading edge Digital IC designs. • Provide technical leadership and coordination to the IC design community ensuring consistent and integrated approaches across projects/programs. • Seek opportunities to advance technology and business and to make a significant impact  identifies and articulates technology trends in area of expertise; defines and scopes customer implications of • Work across multiple design sites to leverage and contribute to entire design talent pool. • Excellent team player. If you would like to apply for this fantastic Senior IC Design Engineer position based in Edinburgh please call Jabe Bean on [blocked] or send an up to date CV to JBeanredlinegroup.Com quoting reference number JAB****/****