Title: Product Manager Control and Automation Components
Webindex: 71357143
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: BASIC UP TO CIRCA ****K PLUS BONUS SCHEME, PLUS OTHER BENEFITS, CAR MAY BE NEGOTIABLE DOE. On behalf of our Client we currently have a vacancy for a Product Manager of Industrial Electrical Control and Automation components. You will provide product support and technical support to customers and sales staff on a wide range of control gear and automation equipment, including industrial and installation products, control gear, switchgear, circuit protection, automation equipment, variable speed drives, plc, hmi, cable management systems, enclosures, sensors, etc. Therefore you will need technical knowledge and understanding of these products and their applications. You may not have expertise in all areas but will have strengths in at least some. You will also be liaising with suppliers and quality departments. Occasionally visiting customers and industry events. Liaise with Sales Engineers in order to understand and assist in commercial matters. Procurement and managing stock levels. Dealing with customer issues and complaints. An electrical qualification is likely at HND or above, but not absolutely necessary, however experience in a similar role is. Skills Required: Knowledge of electrical products, their applications and market place. Negotiation at all levels. Computer literacy with Micro Soft based packages, sales order processing systems and stock management data bases. Drive enthusiasm. Excellent communication. Self motivation. Driving Licence. For a confidential discussion apply for this position with you up to date CV now To view more of our jobs click on the link at the top of this page or visit our website. We work across a range of business to business/B2B market sectors including Electrical, Control Automation, Pneumatics, Hydraulics, Fluid Power, Instrumentation, Engineering services companies, industrial consumables, industrial components, capital equipment, electronics, electrical, material handling, scientific equipment, petrochemical and press industries/utilities. Rise Executive Search Recruitment Ltd are currently working on a wide range of business to business/B2B sales positions, account management, business development and sales management roles including: Sales Manager, UK Sales Manager, National Sales Manager, Country Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Area Sales Manager, Sales Executive, Senior Sales Executive, National Account Manager, Business Development Manager, Key Account Manager, Account Executive, National Account Executive, Sales Specialist, Global Account Manager, Sales Representative, Territory Sales, Field Sales, Client Relationship Manager, Sales Engineer, Sales Consultant, Technical Sales, Senior Sales Engineer, Export Sales, International Sales, European Sales, Branch Manager, Sales Director, Trainee Sales, Graduate Sales, Telesales, Internal Sales, Office Sales.