Title: Metallurgist  London
Webindex: 72179045
Company: Talascend
Description: My client is an international consultancy company based in London. They are in the market for a Metallurgist to work out of their London offices. The Metallurgist reports to the Company Metallurgist within Design Engineering and provides materials expertise to all departments within the company.  The Metallurgist is responsible for the selection of cost effective materials (metallic and Nonmetallic) of construction for all the company's processes and utility systems in a timely manner and with due regard to safety. The Metallurgist shall ensure that the materials specified meet the minimum requirements appropriate for the service conditions considering the plant location and ambient conditions, equipment and component reliability, local construction costs, material availability (locally and globally), scale of the plant, and the nature of the fluids.  The Metallurgist shall at all times specify materials which recognise the obligations of the company's projects as well as maintaining or enhancing our competitive position and reputation within the market place.  The Metallurgist will review and advise on manufacturing procedures including material production, welding and subsequent treatments, fabrication and NDT techniques. The Metallurgist will provide materials specifications for proprietary equipment and materials when required to do so.  The Metallurgist is also responsible for all aspects of insulation, cladding and coatings.  The Metallurgist will undertake materials failure investigations or material testing programmes in a timely and cost effective manner wherever and whenever necessary for DPT and or its clients.  The Metallurgist will provide advice and guidance on any materials related issue to all members of staff as and when requested.  Responsible in providing home office support to commissioning teams on all materials related queries.  Participate in client/site reviews where overseas travel may be occasionally required.  The Metallurgist will undertake consultancy work for 3rd parties and/or the company's clients or potential clients as and when the need or opportunity arises.  The Metallurgist will undertake whatever other tasks that may be reasonably assigned to him or her as and when the need arises.  The Metallurgist will undertake the work in accordance with the relevant company procedures and networks as well as within the project schedules and budgets. You must have a degree or equivalent in Metallurgy or Materials. You must be able to prove eligibility to work in the UK.