Title: Site Technical Manager – Meat Processing
Webindex: 58575227
Company: HPR Consultancy Ltd
Description: Site Technical Manager – Meat Processing Location: Lincolnshire Salary: ******** per annum plus excellent benefits Our client’s proven recipe for success is built on Standards of Excellence that includes: outstanding, hardworking people who develop and produce consistently highquality products that exceed the expectations of their customers around the country. Their culture drives growth by embracing diversity while encouraging constant learning and continuous professional development. The role: This position is responsible for leading and ensuring the overall functions of the Technical and Quality Assurance Department including, but not limited to: Quality, Regulatory, Food Safety, Technical Services, Hygiene and Microbiology. This includes accountability for monitoring and ensuring a high standard of food processing sanitation at the preoperational and operational stages of production. The incumbent manages, monitors and achieves high standards within the following areas: Quality, SQF/HACCP, SSOP, Labelling, Regulatory, Microbiology and Chemistry ensuring that operations has a consistent understanding of quality programs and actively participates in process improvement designed to achieve quality and company goals. The Manager directs the monitoring of sanitation with recorded preoperational inspections, recorded microbial analysis of equipment, notifications of physical plant deficiencies and evaluation of the overall effectiveness of plant clean up. The incumbent manages the reporting results of all required quality assurance tests. These tests may include slicing temperatures, slicing weights, cook temperatures, product net weights and packaging consistency. This position directs the monitoring of adherence to product specifications and proper processing procedures. Implementation and continuous improvement of inplant programs we need candidates who are willing to get roll their sleeves up and make a real difference to this challenging site Compilation and review of data for trends and deviations followed by reporting execution (with operations) of corrective and preventative measure. Shared ownership with operations management of product and processing issues. Manage accountability to the front line through QA Team Managers, ensuring immediate reaction and resolution to situations. Execution of business programs as appropriate with feedback on continuous improvement. Manage process and program improvement to help meet Group and Operations goals (i.e. yields, micro standards, etc.). Actively participate in new product and new process development and implementation acting on behalf of the plant as liaison to corporate R D. Through the team maintain measurement systems, process control programs and auditing processes, as tools to verify that customer expectations are being met. Channel customer feedback to appropriate levels on the plant floor. Lead and drive Statistical Process Control throughout the facility. Performs special projects as assigned. The person: Degree educated Science degree in Biology, Food, Meat Science or related field. Prior Technical management of food safety and quality programs. HACCP certification required. Strong Auditing experience BRC ISO etc UK meat or dairy industry experience required. Ability to be resourceful, demonstrate business acumen, creative thinking skills and be able to act as a decision maker. Exceptional leadership qualities. Excellent written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills. Demonstrated results orientation. Strong analytical, problem solving, lean thinking and statistical process control skills. Demonstrated multitasking and project management skills. Excellent planning and organizational skills. Exposure to both High and Low risk would be desirable This is an opportunity to make an important impact within a dynamic and people orientated business, so if this is you, please forward your details to kthprtalent.com or call Kait Turnbull for more details **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SiteTechnicalManagerMeatProcessing_job****