Title: Controls Test Service Engineer
Webindex: 67946165
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction My client is actively looking to recruit a Controls Test amp; Service Engineer to join their Bristol based team. Important Control Systems, Test Engineer The Job Our client has an immediate opening for a Controls Test amp; Service Engineer. The company in question has been supporting the Royal Navy in the UK since **** playing a major role in various projects including the Albionclass LPDs, Astuteclass submarines and Queen Elizabethclass aircraft carriers. Important: Good knowledge and sound understanding of Control amp; Instrumentation; preferably DCS amp; PLC systems in marine, defence or offshore. The Job: It will be your role to provide a test and support engineering expertise for all aspects of product and systems, from integration, test and acceptance during product development, through to commissioning and in service support at customer sites and UK dockyards. Key Responsibilities:  Build, commission and test system integration and acceptance testing facilities.  Prepare and issue test documentation for the integration and test of products and systems.  Conduct integration and acceptance tests at testing facility  Maintenance and configuration management of system integration and test facilities  Install, test, and commission equipment, software and systems as required by our client at customer locations. Maintenance and configuration management of equipment and systems throughout installation, commissioning and in service support.  Provide on board and on site support; including out of hours support where necessary e.g. as part of twentyfour/seven support.  Provide an effective and professional technical interface with the customer and to ensure that communications at the working level are maintained.  Take responsibility for identifying and resolving technical issues identified during the conduct of test and support activities.  Identify to the Test amp; Support Engineering Team Lead, any potential problems in the integration amp; test activities undertaken.  Contribute as required and appropriate to the whole design lifecycle of products and systems including participation and contribution to requirements analysis, design reviews, stakeholder project and progress reviews.  Provide the necessary set to work and commissioning support as required by the Test amp; Support Team Lead including out of hours support where necessary.  Undertake, upon request, the maintenance of any software and hardware tools in support of development environment.  Provide technical support via the management and resolution of technical queries, spares and obsolescence management. In order to be successful in your application, you should have a good knowledge and sound understanding of Control Systems amp; Instrumentation; preferably DCS amp; PLC systems in marine, defence or offshore environments. In depth experience in system test, set to work, commission and in service support. Good knowledge of test environments and software acceptance methods. Technical author skills. Strong communication skills written and verbal, ability to articulate technical issues to both non technical staff and to technical staff with different domain knowledge/responsibilities e.g. providing structured technical feedback to design engineering. Capable in people management Able to work under pressure; meet tight deadlines, problem solving and executing duties while being observed by customer and user communities. Demonstrable understanding of the requirements, processes and procedures for defence contracts is desirable Knowledge of software development lifecycle and simulation systems is also advantageous desirable.  Please note this role requires UK defence security clearance to SC level as a minimum, you must be SC clearable to apply for this role 