Title: Principal Design Engineer (Analogue,Digital, PCB)
Webindex: 69080896
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: Company expansion has made way for a Principal Design Engineer to join a Northampton based leader in high quality audio amplification equipment. The company provides amplifiers for the music industry for studio and stadiums use across the globe. The customers and support comes from musical icons such as Richie Sambora from Bon Jovi and Jessie J. If you would like to see you designs used by musical legends this is could very well be the role and company for you. The Role The successful Principal Design Engineer will join the company on a permanent basis and work in a team of highly passionate engineers to assist with the design and develop of the company s core audio products. You ll develop new and existing products and follow the company s successful process. You ll report to the R As the successful Principal Design Engineer you ll ideally have an audio background and be degree qualified. Have full product life cycle design knowledge and be confident with Analogue, Digital, Hardware and Software. You ll have team leader or coaching experience be confident to put your own ideas in to practice and production. You ll have PCB Design and Schematic Capture as well as excellent verbal and written communication skills. Technical Skills Analogue Digital PCB Schematic Capture This role offers a great opportunity for a Principal Design Engineer to see their ideas and productions used by music icons across the world. If you are interested in the position please forward your CV or call Terry on (Apply online only). Interviews will be taking place throughout January and February so please apply as soon as possible. If this Principal Design Engineer role isn t of interest to yourself, but you know of someone who could be, JAM operates a referral scheme. You can earn yourself up to **** in vouchers for the successful placement of a candidate you give us. View our latest jobs today at (url removed) and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position