Title: Engineering Manager  Energy from Waste  UK
Webindex: 72385713
Company: Spencer Ogden
Description: Engineering Manager Energy from Waste  UK My Client is a green energy startup focused on producing energy from organic waste matter. A renewable pioneer in the UK market with strong investment backing and support, they plan to develop a wide network of power plants across the UK over the next five years. As part of their expansion plans they are seeking an Engineering Manager with Anaerobic Digestion knowledge (and ideally an electrical bias) to join their team. The Engineering manager will provide an engineering lead during the development of AD projects, managing them from initial planning stages through to financial close and into construction and operation. This will involve working across multiple departments internally along with suppliers, investors and advisers. In particular it will involve providing an objective and critical viewpoint on technologies, and managing the technology aspect of projects from conception to commissioning. Job Description & Key Responsibilities The Engineering Manager will work to design and assist in the construction of Anaerobic Digestion plants nationally. Reporting into the Engineering Director, you will create design specifications for a small portfolio of projects whilst ideally also providing electrical advice on grid connection, plant capabilities and estimated yields into the whole programme of projects. You will then manage your projects through to commissioning and operational completion. You will work across various teams internally including planning, business development, commercial and legal, all of whom will be looking to you as the Engineering lead for technical guidance on projects and to advise on CAPEX. This will also involve working with external partners including subcontractors and technology providers, negotiating on terms and engineering deliverables but also addressing key areas such as managing project budgets, risk management and broader continuous design improvement across the programme of projects. Prior knowledge of anaerobic digestion projects is essential. Specific experience and focus on electrical engineering would be a great advantage but is not a prerequisite. You will be a fast learner and highly motivated to drive projects through to completion. You will be expected to take ownership of your projects and must be comfortable working with minimal supervision. This is a fantastic opportunity to play a key role in a Green energy startup. Key Skills BEng or MEng in either electrical and/or electronic engineering, or equivalent with a power or power electronics bias Previous experience of Anaerobic Digestion projects Commercial awareness An analytical and logical approach to decision making Excellent time management and the ability to manage multiple, simultaneous projects A flexible and responsive attitude tempered with ownership and accountability for their actions Excellent communication skills Excellent attention to detail Team player Please apply directly with your updated CV to learn more. For more information about this role please contact our London office