Title: CRB School Caretakers  Central London
Webindex: 68098775
Company: Capita Education Resourcing
Description: Capita are currently recruiting for Caretakers to work on a short term placements basis across a variety of secondary schools across London. General responsibilities include the upkeep of the school including maintenance around the school buildings and ensuring the outside areas are kept clean and are well maintained. The successful applicant MUST have experience of working in an education setting, have good DIY skills and preferably a full UK driving licence. In order to be offered a post, the applicant must have a cleared enhanced CRB check and be eligible to work in the UK. Responsibilities include: General school maintenance and school security Address any health and safety issues Attend to emergency call outs Be a key holder Communicate with other members of staff in regard to any issues Successful candidate requirements: MUST have previous experience working in a school environment A cleared CRB check Eligibility to live and work in the UK DIY skills such as carpentry, plumbing and decorating Awareness in health and safety procedures and issues Excellent communication skills and the ability to coordinate with others A full and clean driving licence will be advantageous Capita Education Resourcing offers: Regular opportunities to work in a variety of schools Competitive salary/pay Ongoing training/CPD Support from a dedicated consultant Keep more of your hard earned pay by using Capita Education Resourcing's approved payroll partner. We guarantee to increase your takehome pay compared to PA YE by offsetting legitimate business expenses against your income. Details provided upon application. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. Capita Education Resourcing is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CRBSchoolCaretakersCentralLondon_job****