Title: Site Manager  Glasgow
Webindex: 68804928
Company: Randstad
Description: An opportunity for a Site Manager with experience in overhead line and cable construction works has arisen for a multinational leader in electrical utilities projects Candidates will be responsible for the management and delivery of Civil, Electrical or Overhead Line amp; Cable site works in accordance with client specifications, British Standards, Euro Codes and other industry standards. Job Scope:  Manage and deliver site works to meet commercial conditions of contract including minimising delays and claims for variations. Collate and provide monthly reports including early warnings and variations.  Coordinate the site activities of the project (for relevant discipline area) in accordance with contractor s scope of work.  Act as the main site point of contact for your discipline area. Organise and supervise contractors, plan and chair site meetings, complete site quality, safety and environmental inspections. Deal with and resolve disputes whether they are technical, financial or other.  Minimise variations and manage the variation process. Review contractor measures, applications for payment and confirm accuracy.  Prepare and provide site works progress reports related to your discipline area on a regular and adhoc basis  Ability to work with a high degree of autonomy and in a team consisting of Project Management, Design, Commercial, Civil, Electrical, Overhead Line amp; Cable, Safety, Quality and Environmental staff whilst monitoring contractor activities  Provide technical support, advice and instruction (related to your discipline area) to various contractors and others onsite.  Deliver site works in accordance with Iberdrola Engineering amp; Construction Safety, Quality and Environmental processes and procedures. Minimise nonconformances or resolve within specified timescales Qualifications amp; Experience: Significant experience in managing Civil, Electrical or Overhead Line amp; Cable site construction works for electrical transmission projects HNC in related engineering discipline or equivalent experience Safety trained for managing site construction works e.g. **** day CITB SMSTS or equivalentPractical experience and awareness of CDM Regulations **** in particular the role of the Principal Contractor and Contractor We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.