Title: Plant Condition Based Monitoring
Webindex: 70214738
Company: Logical Personnel Solutions
Description: Company Our Client is a leading energy supplier in the UK and overseas. Due to rapid expansion and demand they are looking for professionals to join the business. Energy Sourcing and Customer Supply Nature and Scope The role is that of a Specialist in Condition Based Monitoring offering expertise across both Cottam and West Burton sites. The role will be that of reference, control and governance in decision making outside the normal routine maintenance activities. They will form part of the design authority needed for authorisation of plant modifications, operational changes and nonlike for like replacements, root cause analysis and remnant life issues. The key activities related to problem solving and performance related problems will form part of the daily priorities and assistance with engineering coordination will be expected during outages Skills and Qualifications Minimum of a bachelor s degree in Mechanical engineering. Member of the institute for Mechanical engineers( IMECHE) minimum of incorporated status Certificate in risk and safety management or equivalent. Certificate in (CBM) Condition Based Monitoring/Condition Based Maintenance. Certificate in vibration analysis, spectroscopy, tribology and thermography. Substantial experience in a large thermal power station environment. Design, overhaul, maintenance and repairs to turbines, pumps, large rotating plant user group. Desirable Electrical qualification in addition to the degree. Chartered Engineer Certificate in condition based programme management or equivalent Certificate in Failure modes and effect analysis/ Root cause analysis Substantial experience in CBM and RCA CBM instrumentation and monitoring programs/packages working knowledge Experience in the implementation and application of ISO and BS/EN standards in the procurement, project execution and maintenance environments. Experience and knowledge of existing UK CBM networking partners for technical support. Ability to apply first principles to problem solving and design solutions Principal Accountabilities Provision of first principles condition monitoring and system health management through a reliability centred process (including vibration monitoring, thermographic surveys, tribology, spectroscopy etc). Establishment of a fleet based programme and maintaining the fleet based monitoring programme through close integration with maintenance . Management for governance, oversight and system health for key activities during normal operations and outage work Management of the fleet rotating plant condition based monitoring programme. Assist with detailed plant condition based monitoring fault analysis & CBM surveys. Promote predictive maintenance and execute predictive failure mode analysis. Manage on line and off line monitoring equipment and upgrades. Determine and set standards for condition based monitoring routines and intervals. Practise all condition based monitoring techniques for electrical, mechanical and instrumentation related to plant and equipment, supporting maintenance. Work closely with external test houses and technical support providers for plant condition based testing. Complete testing of instrumentation during outages and validate calibrations. Ensure that a fleet based approach is maintained through a condition based technological system and management system. Ensure continuous professional development by applying latest techniques and technologies for condition based monitoring. Support performance department on efficiency and performance enhancement initiatives. Provide monthly reports to senior management of plant condition based status