Title: Technical Manager Mechanical Engineering
Webindex: 68995351
Description: Our client is a leading multinational Defence systems provider which boasts some of most advanced facilities in their areas of expertise. The client is developing technologies so advanced that they are currently being utilised outside their own industry sector. At present the company employs well in excess of **** staff worldwide and continues to grow in parallel with their continued success. As part of this growth, my client is seeking mechanical engineering focused Technical Manager, to be based in Stevenage, to work on weapons related projects. The Technical Manager will be involved in: • The delivery of mechanical architecture activities to time, cost, and requirements • Responsible for the structured management of all mechanical electromechanical activities. • Some, or all of the following: • Responsible for establishing a Missile projects to ensure a structured coherent mechanical response to the overall project. • Responsible for the management of the mechanical interface with the launcher. • Responsible for the management of Mechanical Thermal Interfaces across the Missile. • Responsible for defining the optimum mechanical architecture for all variants of the missile, ensuring the mechanical architecture and interfaces meet requirements. • Implementation of Policies to ensure objectives are achieved. • Responsible for the development of the overall proving logic for the validation of the project • Responsible for ensuring mechanical compliance to the missile certificate of design. • Manage customer expectations throughout the development process. • Responsible for producing Statements of Work and plans for activities • Responsible for direct technical supervision of engineers within their team and indirect management of engineers in the extended project team. • Responsible for controlling assigned budgets, managing personal workload and identifying any further resource needs. Suitable applicants will be: • Educated to degree level with significant experience, or an equivalent qualification having obtained significant experience of mechanical engineering. • Ability to technically manage internal subcontract activities. • Strong leadership skills, able to establish a clear engineering vision. • Good knowledge experience of missile mechanical design, including: • Static Dynamic Analysis • Design for Environment • Thermal Management • Good understanding of broader engineering disciplines, including: • Aerodynamics • Testability • Production • Experience developing proving logic and managing the generation of compliance evidence towards C of D. • Experience across the full Product Life Cycle. • Ability to influence senior managers and other stakeholders across the company. • Determination desire to succeed. • Strong interpersonal and well developed communication skills (written verbal). • Willingness to travel within UK and Europe. Please Note: Due to the nature of work undertaken at our client s site, incumbents of these positions are required to meet special nationality rules and therefore these vacancies are only open to sole British Citizens. Applicants who meet this criteria will also be required to undergo security clearance vetting, if not already security cleared to a minimum SC level. If you are a good match then please apply with a CV to learn more about this truly fantastic opportunity to work for a market leader who has an enviable reputation. Key Words: Missile, Weapon, Defence, Mechanical, Technical lead, Architect, Modelling Electus Recruitment Solutions provides specialist engineering and technical recruitment solutions to a number of high technology industries. We thank you for your interest in this vacancy. If you don t hear from us within **** working days please presume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. You are of course free to resubmit your CV/details in the future and we shall assess your suitability at that time. Services advertised by Electus Recruitment Solutions are those of an Agency (perm). This role is a permanent positionElectus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.