Title: Lead Mechanical Engineer
Webindex: 52010527
Company: Rullion Engineering Ltd
Description: My client who are specialists in the design, manufacture, assembly, test, installation and commission of bespoke solutions for a Major Mechanical Handling Manufacturing Company based in Wolverhampton are looking to recruit a Lead Mechanical Design Engineer. Salary is in the region of ****  **** You will be required to work flexibly to undertake a variety of mechanical designs associated with the design, test, substantiation and installation of high integrity mechanical plant and systems. By:  Determining overall requirements in terms of cost, time, resource and technical content of mechanical design with the Manager. Design and formulate plans which satisfy these requirements in conjunction with allocated staff.  Providing mechanical design input to tenders, consistent with the job holder s level of experience.  Producing mechanical designs which satisfy technical content, timelines, cost and satisfies company standards and procedures.  Assisting in the development of junior mechanical design staff as appropriate.  Undertake mechanical design tasks, particularly the design and analysis of mechanisms and mechanical plant.  Taking part in technical discussions with internal and external customers and suppliers.  Coordinating with other areas within the business in order to ensure designs are optimised.  Working within and maintaining records for all work in order to satisfy company standards, procedures, national quality and legal requirements.  Keeping abreast of latest technology and identify technology developments and resources appropriate to the business needs and engineering activities.  Writing comprehensive reports, proposals or recommendations for checking and approval by the supervisor and may support the supervisor in any technical discussions with outside bodies or customers.  Operating as part of a design team as tasks demand.  Experience in using either Wildfire ProEngineer , Autodesk Inventor or Autocad You will be responsible for producing technically accurate designs to time, quality and costs to the standards set by the engineering department. Liaise with C & I, safety and analysis personnel to optimise solutions. Ensure allocated staff satisfy fully their accountabilities