Title: Broadcast Systems Engineer
Webindex: 72484050
Company: ARM
Description: Broadcast Systems Engineer: London: ****K****K  Car allowance  Excellent benefits package My client are a leading global provider of content management and transmission services for the professional broadcast market and also help to support coverage of the biggest news and sporting events around the world each year in SD and HDTV formats. As a Broadcast Systems Engineer, it will be you responsibility to help design, install and maintain my clients range of DVB compression systems and related video systems. You will be required to project manage complex system builds, with particular attention to cost tracking, timescales and documentation. There will also be the requirement to be involved with Pre and postSales support roles, many of which will be Customer facing, together with provision of accurate project costing forecasts. The management of suppliers and external contractors in this role is essential and you will also be required to participate in an out of hours on call rota, typically one week in four. The successful candidate should possess:  A background in the installation, operation and maintenance of various types of DVB/MPEG compression Systems.  A demonstrable thorough knowledge and practical experience of DVB transport streams and their components and specifications, together with a good understanding of the principles of CA systems.  A demonstrable thorough knowledge and practical background of video facility equipment, including video routers, standards converters, reference timing systems, video monitors, multidisplay systems, 'digital glue' etc. A demonstrable thorough knowledge of digital video concepts and SDI.  Knowledge of and practical skills of SDH, SDI and Ethernet telecoms circuits.  Good IT skills knowledge of IP networking and associated equipment.  The ability to rapidly, logically and methodically resolve any technical problems which may arise within the facility.  The ability to produce quality system diagrams using both Visio and AutoCAD software packages and be very familiar with all other commonly used software packages.  A proven track record in the specification and design of broadcast related systems would be a distinct advantage.  A proven track record in the project management of broadcast related system installation would be a distinct advantage.  In addition to the above, knowledge of the principals of Content Management and Playout would be useful. The successful candidate must be:  Commercially aware, be able to produce accurate costing forecasts, be presentable and have the ability to be Customer facing.  Positive, methodical, enthusiastic, selfmotivated and be able work both independently and as part of a team across a wide range of duties.  Flexible and be willing to work outside normal working hours where required. A willingness to travel when necessary is also required.  Prepared to relocate or already live within a maximum of **** hour travelling distance from London. This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. We will never send your CV without your permission.