Title: Service Desk Analyst / IT Helpdesk
Webindex: 66584072
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Service Desk Analyst  technical understanding, 1st line Support, Service Desk / Helpdesk, applications, hardware, peripherals  As a Service Desk Analyst, you will work in a busy helpdesk environment and support Retail Systems, IT and Network equipment. Important 1st line, Service Desk, Helpdesk, EPOS, RF, VOIP, SAP, MCSA, MCSE, CCNA, technical support The Job We are looking for a Service Desk / helpdesk analyst to join a busy, successful Support team. As the Service Desk Analyst, you will be expected to provide technical support on IT, Network and Retail systems, ensuring processes and procedures are followed correctly. You will be provided with the tools and training to progress your career and there will be fantastic promotion opportunities available to move up in seniority as well as within the company. After an initial training period the role will be shift based  This will include working 2 weekends out of 5 as well as a mix of evening finishes and early starts as dictated by the business. Ideal applicants will have solid helpdesk or service desk experience and as well as an eye for accurate reporting and logging of technical problems, you will also have demonstrable experience of most of the following Good working knowledge of IT, including Windows, Linux and Microsoft Office applications. Proven ability in an IT Help Desk or Service Desk environment. Knowledge of retail systems (EPOS, RF, VOIP, SAP) desirable. Fault finding up to Network infrastructure and Server level Configuration of Wireless technologies advantageous Ability to quickly learn support for multiple bespoke software applications Good hardware/software problem resolution skills Remote control toolset and software distribution experience beneficial Knowledge of ITIL best practices an advantage. Proven customer service skills and experience required. Good communication skills verbal and written Selfmotivated with ability to work effectively under pressure Ability to work as part of a team Good organisational skills and attention to detail Willingness and ability to work on shift basis where required to provide adequate support Good time management, reliable and conscientious To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK