Title: Engineering Recruitment Consultant Manchester
Webindex: 64144829
Company: Kelly Services
Description: Salary: &pound**** to &pound**** Location: Manchester Company: Kelly Services Job Title: Engineering Recruitment Consultant Job Description Exciting opportunity to join our successful engineering department as an Engineering Recruitment Consultant in Manchester. Our Engineering department specialises in all forms of engineering recruitment incorporating search and selection, contract and temporary staffing solutions. We offer a competitive salary alongside a rewarding bonus scheme and an excellent benefit package including pension, healthcare and life assurance. As an Engineering Consultant you will be responsible for: Developing new business and achieving revenue targets Managing client accounts and providing excellent standards of customer service Managing end to end talent acquisition processes including head hunting, screening, interviewing and coordinating interview processes Increasing the positive reputation of Kelly Services Engineering with new and existing clients Why Work For Kelly? Kelly Services started the staffing industry as we know it in a small office in Detroit in **** and 65 years later we are a world leader in providing forward thinking workforce solutions. It&rsquos no accident that our company is driven by passionate, creative professionals that like to work hard, but have fun doing it. Kelly employees are up for a challenge, and motivated to work toward new career opportunities and growth within our organisation. We take pride in our high ethical standards and we realise the value of diversity Professional and technical recruitment is hard work, but can be the most rewarding of sectors to work in. Ideally you will have a proven track record in engineering recruitment however, we will consider applicants from an engineering background mixed with strong sales experience. We are looking for people who are motivated by the rewards that come with sales and who are looking for a long term career with a global leader. &nbsp PLEASE APPLY NOW