Title: Body Development Engineer
Webindex: 69669927
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction The body development team is responsible for the development of all body engineering components and systems. Important Body Structural Test experience The Job Job Purpose: The Body Development team is responsible for the development of all Body Engineering components and systems. The Body Development Engineer will have responsibility for executing Body Engineering durability and craftsmanship testing. In addition they will coordinate the design verification planning (DVP) across a number of Body Engineering systems and vehicle programs. They will create, critique, and execute testing to ensure we verify designs in the most effective and efficient manner. Key Characteristics: A handson approach: The engineer will set up tests individually and must understand how these mechanisms work. This role will require execution of testing combined with innovative solutions to any issues encountered during the test phase. Development: The individual will need to take initiative and raise innovative ideas. Communication: Issues need to be resolved, communicated to colleagues and other departments effectively whilst considering feasible solutions to problems encountered. Quality: Report writing and DVP planning with a focus on quality. Key Responsibilities and Tasks: ?? Liaise with Component / Test Suppliers. ?? Organise component Test Properties. ?? Support/Execute component/system/vehicle tests. ?? Communicate Test Results. ?? Write amp; Archive Test Reports amp; Deviations. ?? Raise Concerns where necessary. ?? Attend PMSTs and Advise on Upcoming Changes. ?? Support Design Reviews. ?? Benchmarking Activities to Support Design. ?? Source / Create Preprototype Parts. Qualifications and Experience: ?? Engineering Degree (or equivalent qualification). ?? Intuitive knowledge of fundamental engineering theory. ?? **** 2 years experience (or one full cycle) of hands on testing (body components, structures and systems). ?? Engineering problem resolving experience (body components, structures and systems). ?? Previous experience within the automotive sector preferred (experience within other transportation sectors e.g. rail or aerospace will also be considered). ?? Evidence of enthusiasm for the role. ?? Ability to manage multiple demands on time and priorities. ?? This role will require regular travel to the testing site based in Sweden