Title: Technical Support Design Engineer
Webindex: 71821551
Company: Future Engineering Recruitment Ltd
Description: Technical Support & Design Engineer ****  ****  Bonus (7%)  Pension (6%)  Private Heath Care  Life Assurance  Extensive Optional Benefits Package Greenford Mechanical engineering graduates with some professional experience will greatly benefit from this exciting role in a global leading engineering company. Enjoy extensive training on cutting edge products sold to major industries throughout the world. Phenomenal platform to enhance your engineering abilities in a role that will develop you in a true technical specialist This German engineering company design and manufacturing high quality mechanical products. With an extremely low staff turnover this company have enjoyed continuous growth for over fifty years and are still expanding due to huge work load. With a customer driven focus and a desire to achieve the highest standards, this is a role with responsibility which will allow you to become a technical specialist. The Role Technical support to internal departments and project team Warranty investigations on both internal stock and external products  Mechanical design using AutoCAD Reviewing project documents / specification and BOM (bill of material) Workshop auditing and technical training Producing technical procedures for the workshop The Person Graduate of Mechanical Engineering Experience with ****D design packages Experience or knowledge in electrical wiring (not essential) Apply now quoting ref JW****eywords: mechanical engineering, graduate, autocad, warranty, BOM, mechanical design, solidworks, turbo, gears, transmissions, gearboxes, pumps, machinery, production, manufacturing, mechanical degree, process pumps, Greenford, london This vacancy is being advertised by Future Engineering Recruitment Ltd. The services of Future Engineering Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Please visit our website at (url removed) to view other positions we are currently handling. Future Engineering Recruitment Ltd can only accept applications from candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed. We will endeavour to respond to all applicants however due to the sheer volume of response, we can only guarantee that candidates who have been shortlisted will be contacted