Title: Senior Planning Engineer  Derbyshire
Webindex: 70675899
Company: Randstad
Description: My client are currently seeking a Senior Planning Engineer based out of their Raynesway Office, Derby. You will be working independently to provide planning services for a Region or Client Framework (portfolio of projects) to ensure that programme plans and project plans have achievable but challenging timescales and are accurately monitored and updated. You will report directly to the Planning Manager and duties/responsibilities of this role will include:  Ability to manage and provide the planning services across a programme of work.  Understanding of the multidisciplined roles involved within an integrated programme. (i.e. design, construction, commissioning, interface with 3rd party others and framework partners)  Provide programme management for a programme of work comprising of a number of individual projects combined to form a programme work. Ability to determine the best fit for the projects within the programme for the cost / revenue / time envelop  Provide programme management to control the progress of individual projects by identifying and producing integrated programmes of work, monitoring performance against plans and identifying problem areas and other effects.  Minimise company risk by identifying the critical path within the whole programme of work and the individual contracts  Provide resource planning and levelling by appropriate resource analysis of contracts to ensure the best fit for the projects within the overall programme of work or subprogramme.  Enable control of the progress of procurement by producing schedules for all materials and equipment, updating regularly and analysing the implications of updates.  Update and monitoring of project plans for progress reports and to support applications for payment  Preparation of asbuilt programmes.  Programmes submissions for requests for extension of time  Provide programme/progress information in support of Earned Value Analysis (EVA to be carried out by others)  To implement Company Procedures  Assist with minimising project and sub programme out turn costs.  Assist with income forecasting. Applicants should possess:  Knowledge of planning systems. (Primavera P**** and Microsoft project (preferable), Suretek, powerproject)  Civil Engineering/M amp;E/Building experience.  At least 5 years experience  Possess sound understanding of planning skills and programming. The qualification requirments are  Educated to Btech/ONC/HNC level or equivalent or Substantial Experience We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.