Title: Mechanical Associate (Building Services)
Webindex: 68590643
Company: Beeby Anderson Recruitment Ltd
Description: Job Title: Mechanical Associate (Building Services) Job Code: BAR ****/JA Job Type: Permanent Location: London Salary: ****pa Car allowance  Benefits Mechanical Design Engineer required to join one of the UK s leading building services consultancies as an Associate. We are currently working with one of the UK s longest running building services practices in their search for an Mechanical Associate to join their property services division. This consultancy have built a solid reputation within the building services industry through their network of UK offices and have been responsible for producing some of the biggest and best projects in the UK. Currently they have a requirement for an experienced Mechanical Design Engineer to join their management team within the property services division. The role will entail a mixture of day to day running of the property services team, including taking a lead role on projects and working alongside the principle consultant developing the department by securing work both internally and externally. You will be a technically competent engineer, being able to develop more junior engineers and act as a point of QA for design work. The role will be client facing, therefore strong commercial acumen, along with good verbal and written skills are essential. Candidates for this role will be from a Building Services design consultancy background, having worked on a range of project types, taking a lead role on the project and within the design team. You will be degree qualified and have completed chartership with CIBSE or IMechE. In return this consultancy can offer you both career development and progression opportunities, in a nonglassed ceiling environment. For a confidential discussion with regards to this role, or to apply, please contact Jamie Argyle on **** **** **** or send a complete and up to date CV to cvbar.com. Keywords: Principle Mechanical , Associate Mechanical , Mechanical Associate , Building Services , Mechanical design , Building Services , Mechanical , Principle Mechanical , Associate Mechanical , Mechanical Associate , Building Services , Mechanical design , Building Services , Mechanical , Principle Mechanical , Associate Mechanical , Mechanical Associate , Building Services , Mechanical design , Building Services , Mechanical , Principle Mechanical , Associate Mechanical , Mechanical Associate , Building Services , Mechanical design , Building Services , Mechanical , Principle Mechanical , Associate Mechanical , Mechanical Associate , Building Services , Mechanical design , Building Services , Mechanical , Principle Mechanical , Associate Mechanical , Mechanical Associate , Building Services , Mechanical design , Building Services , Mechanical , Principle Mechanical , Associate Mechanical , Mechanical Associate , Building Services , Mechanical design , Building Services , Mechanical