Title: Principal Development Engineer  Machinery
Webindex: 72694364
Company: ARM
Description: Principal Mechanical Development Engineer StokeonTrent, Staffordshire c****K This is a new opportunity for proven development / test engineer to join successful business unit of a large international engineering company. The company is involved with the design, development, manufacture and support of an extensive range of offhighway construction machines for a broad international customer base. As a mechanical development engineer you will primarily be involved with the test and development of new systems and machines for the company's range of Wheeled Loading Shovels and Articulated Dump Trucks. You will work alongside mechanical, electrical and electronics design and development engineers, test, NPI and manufacturing professionals both on new and existing product developments and machine programmes. The nature of the work will be varied and challenging due to the broad variety of engineering disciplines involved; the wide product range and the ever changing demands of the market place. The ideal candidate would hold formal Mechanical Engineering qualifications and have a strong aptitude for testing and the development of engineered products and systems. Furthermore the candidate would have a strong practical engineering ability (able to get handson with mechanical fault finding, physical testing, assembly, test rig development, equipment maintenance etc). Time spent on the development of similar offroad machinery would be preferred (although other domains could be considered  e.g. agricultural machinery, military vehicles, commercial / special vehicles. The Principal development engineer may have responsibility for entire development projects, may lead small teams and will have gained extensive test / development knowledge from working within product design / development projects previously. This role may lead to management. Knowledge / Skills Required: oHND / Degree in a relevant engineering discipline (e.g. mechanical engineering, agricultural / automotive engineering, structural engineering etc) oAble to technically lead teams and manage projects (e.g. planning and control of development activities and budgets; compiling and managing machine / component testing and development programmes; management of resource  staff / tools/ test rigs etc) oAble to oversee and perform component and systems testing (mechanical, environmental, NVH, engine & transmission installations etc) coupled with the compilation of appropriate reports and documentation. oKnowledge of a wide variety of test systems, test tools / methods and data acquisition systems oAble to consult and liaise with other engineers and departments as part of the design, development and test process (good communication skills) oStrong documentation and report writing skills oAble to oversee and even assist with machine maintenance, upkeep of test equipment and test rigs, product benchmarking, machine problem solving and prototype build oGood understanding of engineering principles (ideally hydraulics, mechanical structures, driveline, FMEA, etc) oSelf starting, passionate and enthusiastic about engineering with a drive for product delivery and innovation oKnowledge of manufacturing and production processes Others: oKnowledge of heavy duty offroad vehicle design or development would be useful (e.g. mining machinery, agricultural machinery, construction equipment, military vehicles etc) however my client may consider candidates from the automotive world (OEM, 1st tier or perhaps commercial vehicles) oUnderstanding of Homologation / Certification would be preferred