Title: Senior Electrical & Controls Engineer
Webindex: 66745598
Company: MPI LTD
Description: JOB PURPOSE/ DIMENSIONS: To manage and, where necessary, design and/or coordinate all electrical, instrumentation, control and automation (EICA) aspects of projects in which the company is involved. These projects are typically for the design, supply, installation and commissioning of process plant for the treatment of water and waste water for the Utility companies. To work closely with the project and sales managers, the process and mechanical engineers and the commercial department to ensure successful integration of the EICA aspects of each project into meeting the delivery requirements of the Company. TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE EXPERIENCE: Required – ‘Competent person’. Proficient electrical design engineer, taking account of the **** th Edition electrical wiring regulations. Management or supervision of electrical/control engineers and subcontractors. Qualified to degree level with appropriate professional qualifications. Engineering construction site work experience. Working to budgetary constraints. Desirable – CITB CSCS card holder. NICEIC registered for inspection of and signing off electrical installations. Experience with writing and commissioning PLC software. Familiarity with standards and specifications used in the UK Water industry. Knowledge and understanding of terms and conditions of contract. REPORTING RELATIONSHIPS: This position reports to the Design Department Manager (or designated other) for technical and management matters and to the Project or Sales Manager for individual projects worked on. ACCOUNTABILITIES:  To manage the electrical / controls design and commissioning so as to ensure timely production of information for efficient contract completion within agreed budgetary constraints.  To establish electrical design criteria and scope of work for each project, including calculation of fault levels, preparation of single line diagrams, cable calculations, equipment schedules, functional design specifications and software requirements.  To prepare EICA work schedules and design programmes.  To prepare equipment supply and subcontract design specifications and scopes of work.  Checking and approval of supplier and subcontractor deliverables.  Preparation of design documents for: Power Distribution, Instrumentation, ICA and Control Systems, MCCs, Switchgear, Cabling and Earthing.  Supervision of software preparation.  Preparation of panel and site test procedures.  Preparation of procedures for and supervision of commissioning.  Attending, and on occasion leading, internal and external HAZOP meetings, and Hazardous Area Classification meetings.  Lead or participate in CDM design reviews. Preparation of EICA documentation to be incorporated into the Operating and Maintenance Manuals. PROBLEMS CHALLENGES: Time Management: Balancing conflicting priorities of various projects. May involve visits to sites or client/supplier premises at short notice. DECISION MAKING AUTHORITY: Scheduling of EICA resources. Authorisation of EICA Designs. Purchasing order / invoice sign off authorisation subject to Company rules and agreement with Project Managers. PERSON PROFILE: Required:  Selfmotivated Delivers Results Flexible attitude Good prioritisation Time management skills Team building and management skills