Title: Principal/Snr Consultant  Reading or Sellafield
Webindex: 72441023
Company: Gold Group Ltd.
Description: Principal/Senior Consultant  Reading or Sellafield A market leading Nuclear Engineering consultancy is looking to hire Safety Engineering professionals with experience working as a consultant on nuclear power plants. The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 3 years' experience and have written safety cases. Working with experienced safety experts highly respected in their field, you'll be part of Criticality and Radiological Assessments  a team growing at an impressive rate. In return a negotiable salary range is on offer as well as the chance to work for an organisation where your input will be truly valued. The role You'll act as consultant to a broad range of clients. You'll expand our customer base Providing and managing technical input on projects, you'll liaise with Regulators and stakeholders  getting the balance between safety and operability just right. You'll even mentor less experienced colleagues, so they can contribute more to the team. The candidate This is an extremely important and highly valued role. So much so that it underpins the safety of nuclear facilities in the UK and abroad. It regularly calls for selfmotivation, a flexible approach and excellent team working skills. Delivery of B**** live Safety Case LTPR including update of the PSR programme database. Project Management and delivery of Phase 2 Safety Case; with business benefits to the B**** live Safety Case. Periodic update of Live Safety Case Index of Change documents. Stakeholder Management, including ONR, Sellafield Ltd and colleagues at all levels of the business. Liaison with Design department to ensure delivery of a live B**** Engineering Schedule. Liaison between Business Directorates, Central laboratory Operational Engineering Teams and the Safety Case Authors to ensure fit for purpose safety cases are developed. Presenting safety assessments at PMP Management Safety Committees as required. If you would like to find out more about this opportunity or similar roles, please apply today. This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK's leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we've got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PrincipalSnrConsultantReadingorSellafield_job****