Title: Electrical/Lift Engineer
Webindex: 68714601
Company: Origin RPM
Description: Origin RPM’s client is one of Scotland’s leaders in lifting equipment supply maintenance, and now require a Lift Engineer due to continued growth. The role is based in Dundee and will involve a significant amount of travel across Scotland. Summary: Carry out routine servicing, repairs both scheduled and unscheduled, attend callouts during working hours and carryout on call duties as per the scheduled on call rota to all makes and models of passenger lifts, disabled access lifts, goods lifts and stairlifts that are within the Caltech portfolio. Carry out installations of stairlifts, On occasions you may be requested to install goods lifts, disabled access lifts and passenger lifts. On occasions you may be requested to assist with carrying out modernisation work to lifts Key Responsibilities: Perform routine servicing on Passenger lifts, Goods lifts, Service lifts, Vehicle lifts, Platform lifts, Stairlifts and occasional Bath Hoists. Perform repairs during servicing to various lifting types as stated above. Perform programmed repairs minor and major to various lifting types as stated above. Attend callouts during working hours and repair lift as necessary. If parts are required provide clear details on report. At times it will be necessary for all engineers to work overtime in order to get particular repairs/callouts completed before the end of the working day. Perform refurbishments to all makes/models of lifts, both electrical and mechanical. Installations of various makes of stairlifts including Meditek, Brooks, Platinum, Otolift, Bison Bede (onsite training will be given where necessary). On occasions you may be required to install passenger lifts, disabled access lifting platforms and goods lifts (onsite training will be given where necessary) Attend callouts out with working hours when required as per the on call rota. (Including potentially Christmas/New year/ Public Holidays) Review and critique proposed changes to engineering standards, policies, or details. Liaise with client representatives and/or architects, building owners, occupational therapists and site agents while on site. Perform thorough examinations and supplementary tests where required. Contact clients to arrange appropriate time to carry out service or repairs. Carry out all works while adhering to all company policies, especially Health Safety policies. Candidate Qualifications: NVQ Level 3 Lift Engineering or Electrical/Mechanical engineering (we will consider Electrical Engineers with good faultfinding capabilities who will then be trained in product to NVQ3 standards) Good level of lift industry knowledge on hydraulic and traction lifts. Or relevant experience on mechanical and electrical fault finding on AC/DC powered machinery Good level of lift industry experience – fault finding both electrically and mechanically. Or relevant experience in fault finding on machines. Electrical fault finding knowledge on machinery is essential. Good communication skills PC Literate Good time managements skills Highly motivated and able to use his/her initiative Proven track record within the lift industry Punctual , honest, and reliable If you feel that this is the right role for you, please get in touch via the APPLY button below. Successful applicants will be contacted within 14 days of application. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectricalLiftEngineer_job****