Title: Cell Supervisor (plastic injection moulding)
Webindex: 71124134
Company: Trulink Recruitment
Description: Experienced Supervisor/Team Leader with a plastic injection moulding background responsible for coordinating the Setting and Maintenance of Injection mould tools and ancillary equipment running within the Cell in accordance with our manufacturing guidelines and standard operating procedures. They will lead by example, be well organised, flexible in their approach and have good personal skills. Key Effectiveness Areas: Effective use of Technical Staff within the Cell. Efficient Setting of Injection Moulds and Ancillary equipment in order to maintain Quality standards and to meet the agreed production plan. Monitor / Improve Cell Performance and report against established Key Performance Indicators (KPI). Ensure company Health and Safety policies and procedures are adhered to maintain a safe working environment for all staff within the Factory. Roles and Responsibilities: In conjunction with the Production Director and Production Manager, you will need to fully understand the customer, stock and delivery requirements specific to the Cell. From this you will be required to plan production accordingly and set machine priority status. Monitor progress against the plan through morning production meetings and cell performance measures. Generate and maintain daily and weekly efficiency reports specific to the cell ensuring that appropriate control measures are taken to meet performance targets. Ensure that all scrap generated within the cell is recorded accurately. Generate weekly scrap records and put in place measures to actively control and reduce scrap. Communicate current cell performance and targets thorough meetings and notice board displays. In conjunction with the Production Manager ensure tools are cleaned and serviced as per the laid down procedures and service intervals. Assume responsibility for the dedicated Machine Cleaners working within the Cell ensuring cleaning standards are maintained and monitored. This to include all aspects of their work including training, performance and where required disciplinary action. In conjunction with the Production Manager and Quality Staff, ensure the laid down quality standards for all components running within the cell are met. Ensure that all staff working within the Cell work to the laid down procedures and standards. Ensure that all relevant machine and ancillary equipment safety checks are carried out as per the schedule and that any faults are reported immediately. Maintain good housekeeping practices within all areas of the Factory. Leading by example establish a positive attitude towards all aspects of Health You will be expected to complete suitable First Aid Training. Any other reasonable duty. Working permanent days