Title: Senior Quantity Surveyor  Residential Development
Webindex: 64350214
Company: Triple S Recruitment
Description: Our Client is one of the country's leaders in house building and residentail development and as a result of continued growth the are looking to recruit a senior QS for their Surrey office Your responsibilities will be Full commercial management of a number of housing projects from conception to completion.Provide information, where necessary, for the land purchase exercise that will enable clear materials and labour costs to be considered at that stage. Monitor and report build costs periodically reporting any savings and excesses Management, motivation and training of Staff. Key activities Calculate all the prime costs on developments within the business, reporting any movements in the costs since the preparation of the land purchase exercise.Prime costs to include but not restricted to house pricing, labour costs, site work operations and remediation work. Provide a detailed cost budget and share with Site Manager at the appropriate time. Implement wherever possible value engineering solutions strategy to optimise profit and efficiency for the business. Maintain schedules of quantities and price them individually for prime cost budget. Manage the adoption process of public works. Once land opportunities are identified, familiarise the geographical area and consider site issues. Prepare estimates of all prime costs inc subcontract and materials. Use BRICS systems to present feasibility study of the site incorporating all development costs. Assist in finalising/agreeing Housing Association contracts. Complete the apportionment of total prime costs to individual plots and produce a profit analysis for the Director. Monitor and explain subcontractor cost movements. Responsible for procurement of subcontractors including payments, variation orders and day works and settlement of final accounts. Undertake valuations of production at budgeted cost on a monthly basis and split the cost of profit completions and potential future profit to estimate a value for work in progress. Report on savings and excesses against budget costs to the Director. Forecast final accounts Be aware of all codes of practice that impact on estimating e.g. Building Regulations, NHBC requirements, HSE etc. Monitor, reconcile and recharge any costs which relate to shared cost items with either other businesses within the Group or external Companies. Attend pre start, specification and any other relevant meeting as required under the Company’s procedure. Input and maintain any computer based databases or systems. Any other duties as required by the Commercial Director. Key competences Team Working Negotiation Skills Attention to Detail Business Commercial Acumen Customer Focus Leadership Time Management Good communication skills Ability to interface liaise with other departments as well as external consultants/clients Key Skills Wide experience in the discipline within the house building industry. Strong knowledge of Building Regulations, NHBC and Health and Safety requirements. Industry related business qualification. Managing a team Preferably member of CIOB or RICS The successful Candidate will be rewarded with a market leading package as well as a structured career path into senior managment This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorQuantitySurveyorResidentialDevelopment_job****