Title: Senior Mechanical Engineer Design and Substantiation
Webindex: 31301427
Company: Gregory Martin International
Description: Senior Mechanical Engineer Design and Substantiation Defence, Aerospace, Nuclear, Oil and Gas sectors Our client requires a Senior Mechanical Engineer with design and substantiation experience to join their expanding team. They have challenging projects requiring the design and substantiation of complex components and structures in high integrity environments. The Mechanical Design and Analysis team is currently expanding to meet strong demand from its main clients. The team s work supports a number of key Defence programmes including the UK Submarine programme (both inservice and next generation vessels, as well as dockyard equipment and facilities) and high integrity structures for new Defence establishments. Our client also delivers a significant amount of work outside the Defence industry, making use of their strong design and analytical skills and plant knowledge to deliver projects for other internal or external clients. Engineers working within the team therefore have the opportunity to challenge themselves through delivering interesting and varied projects for a range of different clients and industries. Our client is the largest consultant engineer to the UK Defence market. Their mission is to ensure success for their clients, whatever the challenge. Their multiskilled experts cover land, sea and air, as well as information and communications they work across the lifecycle of a platform, system or facility. They achieve success by working in close partnership with their clients, by matching their skills to their needs, being flexible, and by using their resources efficiently. Whether they are delivering high quality engineering and technical services or programme management, they always deliver the solution that s right for the client. Requirements  Senior Mechanical Engineer Design and Substantiation The successful candidate will have a track record of supervising delivery of technical solutions in challenging timescales. Qualifications: Degreequalified or equivalent in Mechanical Engineering or a related discipline, Chartered Engineer . Essential Criteria Significant demonstrable experience in two or more of the following technical disciplines is requiredConcept design and development. Design for manufacture. CAD (preferably Unigraphics or Pro/ENGINEER). Design substantiation by hand calculation or Finite Element analysis (preferably Abaqus or Ansys). Furthermore, the successful candidate will demonstrate: A sound understanding of mechanical engineering principles and their application to varied projects and domains A desire to be challenged and to contribute to the success of the business Desirable Criteria Experience in one or more of the following industry domains is also desirable: Aero Engines or Aero Structures. Steamraising power plant and components (pressure vessels, heat exchangers, pumps, valves, pipework etc). Nuclear industry knowledge and safety case appreciation. Although the team is based in Silchester, opportunities also exist at various client sites around the country. Flexibility on work location and a willingness to undertake secondments to other sites is beneficial. Responsibilities  Senior Mechanical Engineer Design and Substantiation As a successful applicant, you would be expected to: Identify, supervise and produce designs supported by calculations to demonstrate acceptable performance or identify design issues Author and update major technical documents to present technical findings (e.g. design substantiation reports, safety justifications). Lead requirements capture activities to identify the scope of work required. Support bidding activities and produce proposal documents. Manage task delivery against Time, Cost and Quality requirements. Support our QA process through review or checking colleagues work. Lead presentations to clients. Lead or work within project teams (though some independent work, including placements at clients sites, may be required). Take responsibility for the quality and delivery of your own work and maintain our clients reputation. Senior Mechanical Engineer Design and Substantiation Defence, Aerospace, Nuclear, Oil and Gas sectors Salary: **** to **** Location: Reading, Berkshire