Title: Avionics Technician
Webindex: 72117718
Company: Shorterm Group
Description: Shorterm are currently recruiting Avionics Technicians (Mechanical & Electrical) based in Crewe, Cheshire Job Title: Avionics Technician Location: Crewe, Cheshire Duration: 3 months temporary to permanent Pay rate: **** per annum Experienced Avionics Technicians are required to perform C&D Maintenance Checks on Commercial Aircraft for our client based in Crewe, Cheshire Job Duties: Within budgeted or estimated time, repair, modify, install, and perform routine maintenance of all Avionics systems with accuracy and with minimal assistance. Accurately interpret maintenance manuals, service bulletins, wiring diagrams, system schematics, drawings, engineering orders and other documents from both the customer and company. Apply deductive reasoning to troubleshoot and repair and/or check complex systems. Utilise Avionics test equipment to perform systems test Maintain Avionics hand tools to perform repairs and installations. Keep leadership and coworkers apprised of work progress and/or problems. Accurately document work performed as set forth by company and customer maintenance programs on a daily basis using the standard format. Fabricate per drawings and standard practices, as well as wire bundles and assemblies to include marking of wires, properly securing wires into bundles, and termination of wires into a variety of contacts and connectors. Take immediate corrective action regarding unsafe conditions. Perform other duties as assigned. Job Requirements: An A License is strongly preferred, but not required. An FCC is License is required. 3 years of experience as an Aviation Avionics Technician is required. **** of 24 months of recent experience as an Aviation Avionics Technician is required. Commercial Aircraft experience is required. Must have working knowledge of Avionics systems and their operations and the proven ability to troubleshoot basic problems. Must have a broad, overall knowledge of other aircraft systems e.g. hydraulic, flight controls, etc. and major components. If you wish to be apply for this role, please email your CV or alternatively call (Apply online only)