Title: Sterile Project Manager CPGK
Webindex: 68711286
Company: Pioneer Selection
Description: Overview: This outstanding MultiNational company are currently seeking a Sterile Project Manager on a rolling contract basis.Working within the pharmaceutical industry, they manufacture and distribute some of the biggest brands within this field on a global basis. The Company: This highly ambitious company are well on their way to achieving the status as the world leader in their field within the next 5 years. With a current turnover in the millions, they still continue to grow. They are proud to develop an outstanding working culture that makes this company great to work for. They promote excellence, innovation and encourage people to be passionate about their brands and their roles. The Role of a Sterile Project Manager Manage coordinate Equipment Vendors for Packaging/Manufacturing equipment (Cartonners, Powder fillers; Labellers; IBC handling etc) Manage coordinate Internal Project Team resources, and to represent the Productions Department as a Client. Authorize Validation Documents including Plans, protocols and technical reports and execute Have knowledge of GMP and regulatory requirements Be able to follow a multi tasked schedule and prioritise workloads to achieve completion and understand the interface of project team and operational demands  Must understand the effect of risk for schedule, resource and quality Key Skills Strong communication skills, confident in getting the best out of people, project management experience from a relevant background – pharmaceutical, possibly food packaging. Benefits: Potential for contract extensions, working for this market leader Salary: ****  **** per hour Commutable from: Brighton, Worthing, West Sussex Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a: Project Manager, Project Leader If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Alternatively for further details contact Gavin Klinger on;  **** or Email: contractpioneerselection.co.uk Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further d etails. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SterileProjectManagerCPGK_job****