Title: Medical Field Service Engineer (Xray CT Medical Imaging)
Webindex: 69008305
Company: TRS Consulting
Description: Medical Field Service Engineer / Electronic Field Service Engineer Xray best in class solutions across a wide range of equipment modalities, their success is based upon a commitment to world leading manufacturing facilities, outstanding product innovation, excellent customer care and the recruitment and development of good people. The Role  Medical Field Service Engineer, Xray & CT Medical Imaging Systems Following expansion, they seek to recruit a customer focused and technically motivated Medical Field Service Engineer, responsible for the service, repair, breakdown and maintenance of their range of highly advanced Xray Medical Imaging Systems at hospital and healthcare centres throughout the Greater London area. Your Background  Medical Field Service Engineer, Xray & CT Medical Imaging Systems To be considered for this exciting role, you must be able to demonstrate a strong background working in a field service or technical support role, gained within a high value electronic capital equipment environment. You should be qualified to a minimum ONC or HNC level or above in electronics or another relevant technical discipline. Applications are encouraged from field service engineers from a wide range of electronic sectors, including medical device, medical imaging, nuclear medicine, laboratory device, print press, semiconductor, ex Forces (Radar / Weapons Systems and Biomedical Engineers), industrial / commercial imaging or areas of electronic manufacturing. You must have impeccable customer service skills and have the ability to remain confident in customer facing environments. The Benefits  Medical Field Service Engineer, Xray & CT Medical Imaging Systems This is an excellent opportunity to join a world class medical imaging systems organisation. You will be joining a national team of engineers who take great pride in their work and who aim to build upon long term relationships with customers. You will be continually challenged as you are exposed to new technologies. You will receive constant support and guidance from senior management and your technical knowledge will be furthered through training courses. For those with the desire there are opportunities to progress your career into more technical specialist roles. In return, the successful applicant will benefit from first class product training, recognised by the industry, which will run on an ongoing basis as new products are introduced. A generous remuneration package is also guaranteed, including competitive salary of up to ****K, company car or car allowance, healthcare, contributory pension scheme, phone and laptop, along with the opportunity to progress your career within a market leading organisation. Keywords: London, Watford, St Albans, Harrow, Edgware, Hatfield, Potters Bar, Barnet, London, Middlesex, Bromley, Croydon, KingstonuponThames, Wimbledon, Richmond, Uxbridge, Ilford, Walthamstow, Wood Green, Camden, Holloway, Dagenham. Stratford, Bow, Chingford, Lewisham, Greenwich, Putney, Hounslow, Fulham, Ealing, Esher, Epsom, Sutton, Orpington, Dartford, Brixton, Clapham, Tooting, Loughton, Romford, Enfield, Southall, Hayes, Brentford This vacancy is being advertised by TRS Consulting (UK) Limited. The services advertised by TRS Consulting (UK) Limited are those of an employment agency and / or employment business