Title: Corrosion Engineer (All levels)
Webindex: 72479250
Company: Suite A2
Description: Corrosion Engineer (all levels) Salary up to ****k plus bonus plus pension. BASED NEWCASTLE. MY CLIENT IS ALSO SEEKING TO RECRUIT PRINCIPAL CORROSION ENGINEERS AND CORROSION ENGINEERS (SALARY WILL BE HIGHER FOR THE PRINCIPAL) We are an independent engineering consultancy offering solutions to technical problems associated with the management, operation and integrity of pipeline systems and associated plant. We provide a full range of services for maintaining the integrity and extending the safe remaining life of ageing pipelines and plant. The Corrosion engineer should have a degree in an appropriate discipline with significant corrosion experience in the oil and gas industry. A detailed knowledge of corrosion mechanisms in oil and gas systems and appropriate mitigation measures is a key requirement of the job. Candidates should be able to work as part of a team and to work closely with clients. A willingness to travel in the UK and internationally is a key requirement of the job. We offer a competitive salary, continuous professional development and the opportunity to work on interesting and challenging projects. We also offer an excellent benefits package, including a pension scheme, annual bonus, relocation package, generous annual leave and flexible working. Person Specification: Qualifications: Degree in relevant Engineering/Scientific subject  Essential Member of Appropriate Professional Institute, Chartered Engineer  Desirable Experiencefor Senior and Principal: Considerable corrosion experience in oil and gas industry  Essential Experience of corrosion risk assessments  Essential Experience of corrosion monitoring techniques  Essential Experience of working in an industry other than oil and gas  Desirable Experience of leading a corrosion team  Desirable Detailed knowledge of corrosion mechanisms in oil and gas systems  Essential Detailed knowledge of appropriate corrosion control schemes and corrosion management strategies for onshore and offshore pipelines and plant  Essential Knowledge of pipeline engineering  Desirable Knowledge of inspection techniques  Essential Knowledge of asset integrity management systems  Desirable Knowledge of defect assessment techniques/fitness for purpose studies  Desirable Experience for Corrosion Engineers Skills/Abilities  all Essential Good communication skills Good planning and organisational skills Good report writing skills Ability to work effectively in a team Ability to work closely and effectively with clients Good analytical and problem solving skills Competence in use of IT tools, including Word, Excel When applying for this role, please indicate your current salary (plus benefits package), minimum salary required, notice period and your reasons for wishing to move from your current company. Alliance Consulting is acting as an employment agency in this respect. Alliance Consulting specialise in the placement of engineers throughout the UK. By sending us your CV you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your personal data on a computer database and/or in manual files for the purpose of evaluating your application for employment. This processing will be carried out in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act **** By applying for this role you hereby consent to us submitting your CV to our client. If you do not wish your CV to be sent to our client then you must clearly state this to us. Equally, if there are any companies that you do not wish your CV to be sent to (for whatever reason), then please let us know of this when you apply.