Title: Operations Supervisor  Wireline Fishing
Webindex: 62010073
Company: CCN Recruitment
Description: Be the interface between the Client and the UK PL for technical, operational and commercial requirements. This may require travel to destinations out with the UK for several weeks at a time dependent on operations. Provide operational support where the Product Line (PL) requires day to day operational control while developing internal competencies to progress the PL to operate as a selfsufficient GeoUnit. Actively participate in order to recognize, and respond to, changes in the marketplace including but not limited to customer requirements, competitor positioning, governmental regulations and pricing strategies. Communicate Business Unit successes from one Region to another and within the Region in order to seek additional opportunities. Assist with and generate new marketing materials, well reports and email newsletter materials and any other form of advertisement required. Prepare and submit SPE proposals. Present new and existing technologies and results to clients and build presentations as and when required keeping Weatherford employees and the market informed of our services. Assist Geounits in defining the growth needs (personnel, assets, training, other). Facilitation and coordination of all training requirements needed by the BU including but not limited to technical, sale, and product training needs. Participate and review technical market surveys to identify location equipment requirements for growth. Project engineer and deliver required information to said Region for submission into Budget and Growth Plans. Define specific engineering product development priorities that meet customer needs, reflect the Business Unit strategy, and maximize return on investment. Direct the introduction of new products and/or services in the Region. Willing to travel extensively. Travel may be within the UK & Europe but will also apply to any country outside the UK that is deemed safe to travel by the company security advisors. Clean and Current Driving Licence and own car as per company policy. QUALIFICATIONS Essential Literate and numerate Computer skills i.e. Microsoft Office SVQ Level 1 or 2 in Mechanical Slickline Preferred Engineering degree or a similar qualification. Some degree of financial training SVQ Level 2 in Mechanical Slickline or D****/**** Assessor EXPERIENCE/COMPETENCE Essential Extensive proven experience within oil field Operations with previous experience at Supervisory level. Previous experience of Budget preparation and Financial Management responsibility. Preferred HDWF field experience. Basic financial skills and understanding of P&L accounts. SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE Essential Working knowledge of Intervention oil field Operations Effective People Management skills Budgetary Control and commercial management skills Credibility with staff, management and clients. Change management and continuous improvement Business Development Skills Preferred Working background in a minimum of 2 Intervention disciplines Basic understanding of oilfield calculations & hydraulics Good Communication Skills Eager to learn new skills