Title: Engineering / Maintenance Manager  Heavy Engineering  Sheffield
Webindex: 72406466
Company: Jonathan Lee Recruitment Ltd
Description: Engineering /Maintenance Manager Salary ****k Manufacturing  Sheffield An experienced Engineering / Maintenance Manager with a strong manufacturing background and experience of a variety of manufacturing processes is required for a varied role with a leading manufacturing company based in Sheffield. Successful candidates would ideally have a strong Heavy Engineering background. The Facilities and Maintenance Manager is responsible for the general oversight of all industrial equipment, buildings and grounds. Responsibilities include identifying opportunities for cost reduction through enhanced equipment and systems performance along with oversight for maintenance activities on the site. Candidates should have previous experience of working in a high pressure Manufacturing Environment using Continuous Improvement Techniques Provide management for the maintenance manager, facilities engineer, and maintenance staff persons. Strategic Maintenance and Project Engineering leadership Management and control of maintenance and facilities yearly budgets Integral in the link between manufacturing and site support activity. Managing business improvement projects for facilities and equipment from identification through to establishing the solution and then undertaking condition monitoring to ensure a permanent fix is in place. Review and improve existing equipment and facilities in a controlled and methodical manner. Provide expert engineering support and advice throughout the plant specifically for preventive maintenance, site services improvements and safety initiatives Advising on new equipment, new layout new processes to increase production and efficiency Candidate should be educated to degree level in Mechanical or Electrical Engineering or related discipline however relevant work experience also acceptable. You should have a background from a Metal manufacturing background ideally including machining and forging. If you are interested in this Engineering / Maintenance Manager role please contact Joe Worthington on (Apply online only) as soon as possible as interviews are scheduled for next week Your CV will be forwarded to Jonathan Lee Recruitment, a leading engineering and manufacturing recruitment consultancy established in 1978. The services advertised by Jonathan Lee Recruitment are those of an Employment Agency