Title: Process Improvement / Quality Engineer
Webindex: 71849972
Company: Recruitment Genius
Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a Process Improvement / Quality Engineer to join an award winning, highly successful and well established business with manufacturing facilities based in the Midlands. As part of the Company continued growth plans they are looking for an enthusiastic and selfmotivated individual who will be required to recommend, implement and review all production processes in order to minimize waste and maximize efficiencies, reducing nonvalue adding activities through process improvement and engineering solutions capturing cost benefit at all times. Duties and Responsibilities:  To challenge current processes, procedures and practices within the production cells, ensuring HSE and Quality standards are adhered to.  Facilitate and directly contribute to improvement team activities at all levels and in all areas of the business.  Identify areas of waste on current processes in terms of time, materials and manpower. Identify and carry out quick wins where possible.  Carryout out VA/VE activities generating future state maps for current processes, establish required process/engineering changes, justify changes in terms of expenditure and payback.  Take an active part in NPI and APQP assisting the smooth introduction of new products. Also ensuring new business is within the scope of current production processes.  Training and development of production staff in quality improvement tools; ****'s, OEE, Kaizen activities, etc.  Directly assist the Quality function in identifying root cause and ****D corrective actions.  Where required, carryout Value Stream Mapping of current processes, establish current practice, create process flows.  Assist with the maintenance and improvement of ISO9001 and ISO14001current standards. Skills, Experience and Qualifications:  A proven track record as a Quality/Process Engineer within a manufacturing environment.  Qualified to HNC / Degree level or qualified in Quality / Manufacturing Management.  Experience in implementing Continuous Improvement projects through to successful completion, capturing all benefits.  Ability to implement and drive process changes/ Continuous Improvement projects with a minimum of disruption to production.  Knowledge and use of MRP systems required  Must be IT Literate  Ability to work independently and under own initiative.  Good level of communication and influencing skills. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProcessImprovementQualityEngineer_job****