Title: Presales Systems Engineer, Europe London
Webindex: 68552762
Company: Hi Calibre International
Description: Category: Engineering Salary: &pound**** basic plus. bonus, neg.Duration: Job Title:&nbspPresales Systems Engineer, Europe Location: London Job Description This world leader in technology for the Datacentre is delivering energy efficient power systems and solutions to help IT Managers monitor the server farms power efficiency for data centre infrastructure core management. We are seeking a Senior Presales/ Overlay Sales Systems Engineer with at least **** commercial years experience including Power Systems and ideally DCIM in IT and strong technical experience in SNMP, Modbus, Blade Monitoring software, systems, PDUs, Business Management Systems, HVAC etc. This is an exceptional opportunity to be in at the beginning of the London office, expansion in Europe and join this team in a UK & International role to help drive sales for the software, power monitoring solutions with the Channel and some direct touch as an overlay specialist. A good understanding of Carbon Footprint, Green Grid etc. would be useful. Key Responsibilities This is a Greenfield role so you will shape the responsibilities with the Sales Director and the US Parent Office to create and deliver compelling Proposals , Value Add, Technical benefits, ROI, Green compliance etc. These may include: Work closely with the Sales Team as the Technical Specialist in DCIM & Blade Power Monitoring as well as remote Apps monitoring software Identify and understand technical requirements and articulate value proposition of solutions for data centre power environments and hot/cold spots etc. Provide framework for Resellers, take lead and training from the US and work with the Partners across Europe to provide technical information & Audit Assessments to their teams Carry out Power Audit Assessments as a billable Consultant and deliver presentations and demonstrations of solutions and findings, recommendations to technical and nontechnical audiences across UK and Europe Customise demonstrations for customer needs and work closely with Reseller to plan and perform onsite &quotproof of concept/benchmark&quot tests. Develop and or modify technical training material and provide onsite training Work closely with regional sales team to build financial justification and ROI to help close sales opportunities. Build and maintain strong Reseller and customer relationships as primary technical pointofcontact during presales activities, implementation, and transition to postsales support. Work closely with Product Management and Engineering in the US or UK Office to prioritise customer requests and to plan and to contribute to future product releases. Ideal Profile Technical Engineering degree in Electronics, MIEE or relevant experience. 8 years of experience in presales or Power product specialist with customer facing experience as a Technical Consultant in a Data Centre build energy, consumption environment etc. Reseller support activities in the IT datacentre sphere. Working knowledge of Power and Rack stacking or monitoring architecture and products gained from leaders in DCIM such as APC, Emerson, Avocent, nlyte, Raritan, Rittal, Gist, PDU&rsquos, Remote Power Monitoring, Power loads and capacity planning per cabinet equipment etc. Happy to travel 30% including to the US for training, UK and Europe This is a great opportunity for an experienced Presales Systems Engineer looking to make a difference. If you are interested in an exciting challenge and future personal growth in a technology driven, innovative environment for an up and coming Global leader, please email us now. PLEASE APPLY NOW&nbsp