Title: Lead Engineer  train to wayside Systems
Webindex: 71855969
Company: Matchtech Group Plc
Description: Experience Wayside Communication Systems Engineer, required to work with a leading Train company in the East Midlands. Must have worked at Systems Architect level, covering Hardware, Software and Systems solutions. As an experienced train to wayside communications systems engineer, the primary activities involved in the role are to develop the communications and dataprocessing philosophies and technical roadmap, define the hardware architectures, liaise with suppliers, specify software requirements and vehicle test the resultant systems. You will also be required to commission the communications and dataprocessing systems on the trains and on the wayside postmanufacture, and to investigate and determine solutions for any problems found in use. In addition, you will need to provide cost and schedule estimates on complicated engineering programs, and provide technical expertise in support of other departments and less experienced engineering personnel. Qualifications Functional Knowledge: Degree and/or Chartered status essential (or similar), Masters Degree desirable. Technical domain experience essential, System Integration experience essential, System Architectural understanding essential. Rail experience preferred. Significant experience and hands on delivery of the design, analysis, development, testing and delivery of engineering solutions that solve complex requirements. Provide cost and schedule estimates on complicated engineering programs. Provide technical expertise in train to wayside communication systems Be able to demonstrate the ability to use this technical knowledge in the support of other departments (engineering, production, procurement, projects) and the development of less experienced engineering personnel. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.