Title: Maintenance Support Supervisor
Webindex: 72405997
Company: Candidate Source
Description: Role Reporting to the Maintenance Manager to control and supervise itinerant maintenance resources in carrying out safe, quality and efficient maintenance activities in a defined plant area. In conjunction with Maintenance Managers and Maintenance Team Leaders provide front line Maintenance Support infrastructure to promote safe, efficient and effective utilisation of resources and equipment within the Maintenance Teams. Responsibilities Supports facility Maintenance Teams in response to plant break downs (acts as first point of contact to resolve non standard problems). Provides local control and supervision of maintenance resources and effectiveness. Monitors quality of local maintenance activities and identification of improvements, ensuring maintenance standards are met. Identification of specialist equipment training needs for the plant area. Develop / revise Maintenance Schedules and Instructions as required. Accountable for deployment and safety of workers. Identifying and reporting any deterioration of condition of assets and reporting through appropriate process. Qualifications/Experience: Ideally several years experience with standard maintenance support processes. We are keen to hear from candidates with experience of performing a similar role within regulated, high technology sectors. Expected qualifications for lower grades are HNC/HND and relevant degree plus professional membership for higher grades. However, extended relevant workplace development and experience may be considered in lieu of lower level qualifications. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website