Title: Human Factors (HFI) Consultant
Webindex: 70438755
Company: Electus Recruitment Solutions
Description: Human Factors Consultant Bristol Our client is one of the UK s biggest providers of systems and engineering technology they work across a number of diverse markets, providing expertise to the defence, nuclear, power needs. A degree level education (upper second class or above) in a Human Factors related degree experience in a HF consultancy role. MErg Status within the Institute of Ergonomics and Human Factors. This position is ideally suited to somebody with a breadth of technical knowledge within human factors and experience in reviewing and verifying the work of their peers. In addition, the ability to provide technical leadership within projects to junior members of the team is essential. The role requires an appreciation of the role of Human Factors within multidisciplinary projects and the ability to plan and deliver Human Factors activities as part of a wider programme. Knowledge of Systems Engineering is a necessity. We would be interested if you have experience of integrating the Human Factors domains within other engineering and project related services. You will have held a Senior Human Factors position within either a consultancy business environment or an engineering organisation. Essential SkillsAbility to develop HF strategies for delivering complex projects, from both a technical and commercial perspective. Ability to manage projects from a technical and commercial perspective and to give specific direction to others as to how to complete welldefined tasks and monitor their performance within the project. Ability to author and review complex technical deliverables. Identify and support business development opportunities resulting in the preparation of estimates, proposals, budgets and documentation. Possess a good understanding and track record of undertaking formal HF analyses as applied to engineering programmes. Experience of forming and maintaining positive working relationships with customers Due to the nature of work undertaken at our client s site, incumbents of these positions are required to meet special nationality rules and therefore these vacancies are only open to sole British Citizens. Applicants who meet this criteria will also be required to undergo security clearance vetting, if not already security cleared to a minimum SC level. We thank you for your interest in this vacancy. If you don t hear from us within **** working days please presume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. You are of course free to resubmit your CV/details in the future and we shall assess your suitability at that time. This role is a permanent positionElectus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy