Title: Mechanical Design Engineer x****
Webindex: 67334273
Company: Premier Technical Recruitment
Description: Design Engineer to ****k, Warwickshire Our client is recognised globally as the market leader in the design and manufacture of hydraulic valves and electronic control systems for a diverse range of engineering and technical applications. As a result of continued success and a planned program of strategic growth, they are now seeking to recruit a number of high calibre, dynamic and self motivated Design professionals to complement their established and successful team. Reporting to the Design Manager and Managing Director, the successful candidates will provide an efficient design service for the company product range in line with both company standards and the customers requirements, so a strong technical background coupled with excellent communication skills are critical for these positions. Taking designs from initial concept and enquiry, you will identify material selection and liaise with internal divisions to appreciate the customer application and design, before creating and submitting design concept solutions whilst working closely with suppliers for both costing and availability purposes. The successful Mechanical Design Engineer will possess exhaustive skills and experience in the design of hydraulic manifold systems and valve packs and will be competent in using SolidWorks, DWG Editor, DraftSight and Microsoft Office. Knowledge of materials, plating, anodising, fluids, machining and testing techniques and Quality Procedures to ISO9001:**** will be an advantage. A flexible approach is required to accommodate changing priorities and tasks in order to fulfil customers' requirements. You should be commercially aware, capable of sourcing new suppliers and liaising with them and the production team to ensure delivery dates are achieved. Additional experience in the design of Proportional Directional Control Valves or Proportional Pressure relieving Valves  Proportional Pressure Reducing / relieving ValvesProportional Throttle Valves, as well as knowledge or experience of Power amplifier and control cards, Directional, Pressure, Reducing / Flow control, Digitally Controlled valves with integral Power amplifier controls and bespoke valve manifold assemblies for Construction/ Marine / Subsea Nuclear will prove distinctly advantageous. To be considered for this exceptionally varied and challenging Design Engineer opportunity offering genuine stability and progression, you should be realistically qualified to at least HNC Mechanical or Electrical Engineering with at least 3 years post academic experience. Interested? In the first instance contact the Design Team at Premier Technical Recruitment for further details or email your cv in the strictest confidence to designptr.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MechanicalDesignEngineerx****_job****