Title: Principal Plant Layout Designers  Piping
Webindex: 66079868
Description: Principal Plant Layout Designer  Piping  Oil Gas This global engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) contractor is seeking a Principal Plant Layout Designer to join them on a contract basis. Company Delivering solutions for clients in the upstream oil gas, midstream LNG, refining, petrochemicals pharmaceuticals biotechnology, and power industries. Their reputation for safely delivering quality projects on time and on budget is well recognised in the industries they serve. They have proven expertise in managing large, complex projects, a global reach and longstanding international presence, strong relationships with our clients and cuttingedge processes and technologies. The Role You will develop and prepare optimised plant layouts through the conceptual, study, and FEED phases of projects using sound documented reasoning and innovative techniques. You will have a cost focus approach in driving the layout development in a way that minimises installed plant operation costs whilst ensuring that constructibility and operational safety and maintenance requirements are appropriately addressed. In this role, you will provide quality plant layout input for proposals and support of business winning. You will provide plant layout consultancy to support FEED, Project Management Consultants (PMC) and Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) detailed engineering projects. Skills To be considered you will ideally have a solid background in PDS You will be able to develop and agree the project plant layout basis document (will typically include relevant codes / standards and record decisions made with regard to critical layout issues and specific process, operating, maintenance and construction criteria / considerations For more information or to confirm your interest in this opportunity please apply online or contact James Kenyon Hays Oil Gas work with many of the worlds premier Oil and Gas organisations. They trust us to source the industry's best talent from truly global skills pools. We are a global recruitment specialist and experts in our specified field.