Title: Principal Engineer  Systems Integration (EMS)
Webindex: 67946092
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Systems Integration Engineer with experience of Engine Management Systems (EMS). You will work as part of the Powertrain Integration team with a Global Automotive client. Important Previous experience in a similar role  Engine Management Systems , V amp;V The Job OVERALL PURPOSE OF THE JOB: To develop Engine Management Systems to meet legislative and functional specifications to meet and exceed customer requirements. Carry out activities to include but not limited to Verification, Validation and Reporting of EMS functionality working towards Engineering sign off. Able to assist with PT project planning and proposals for consideration, and execute the projects that are approved. To be a key member of the Powertrain Integration team, driving the implementation of latest available technologies to ensure the competitiveness and success of the company s vehicles. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Reporting to the Calibration amp; SI Manager for EMS Electronic Function activity. Creation / Support in developing Functional Specifications, Component FMECA s and Fault Tree Analysis (FTA). EMS Functionality (Cruise Control, Stop Start, Immobiliser, Electronic Throttle Control etc) Verification , validation and reporting of EMS functionality in support of the VVP amp;R signoff FMEA s (PIN/CAN) Component Integration Software fault diagnosis / report throughout S/W release phases. Vehicle build support and associated diagnosis Support Calibration team in OBD and diagnostic activity. Prioritise workload to ensure the requirements of the New Product Introduction (NPI) process are achieved for new product or modification introductions. Develop skills within the team through team working and use of personal development reviews to identify development needs and set challenging personal objectives. Work closely with Test Operations; ensure test plans are available so that the right facilities are made available at the appropriate time, whether in the UK or China. Ensure all data and reports are appropriately documented. Assist in developing EMS sign off criteria. Highlight any deviation from plan at the earliest opportunity and instigate recovery plans. Ensures that the appropriate test standards are applied and are reviewed / updated as technology progresses. Influence the development programme through experimental techniques. Support development and use of new technologies within the department. Support supplier selection process. The role requires frequent overseas travel to SMTC Shanghai, and climatic test locations REPORTING RELATIONSHIPS: Reports to: Calibration and System Integration Senior Manager KNOWLEDGE REQUIREMENTS Experience within an Engine Management System delivery team, either with OEM or a Consultancy. Minimum HND in Electronic Engineering or similar relevance. Good working knowledge of torque structure based EMS Working knowledge of MATLAB an advantage Have experience of the complete product development cycle from conception through to implementation and then on into current engineering. Good understanding of INCA, CANalyzer (or similar) and other propriety tools (e.g. ETAS). Knowledge of the Chinese automotive / OEM industry an advantage. Ability to prioritise, separating what s important from what s urgent. Good understanding of competitors products. Strong future thinking, out of the box thinking able to identify new opportunities Attention to detail and good communication skills Ability to interpret results and manipulate data using spreadsheets or databases Full driving licence To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK