Title: Qaulity CoOrdinator
Webindex: 70438666
Company: Adecco
Description: My client based in Northumberland is an expanding organisation with over **** staff based at the site in the North East. With office based around the globe they are looking for a Quality CoOrdinator to join there expanding team based in the North East. The successful candidate should have experience of working within an engineering or electronics background. This is an excellent opportunity for someone to join a growing organisation that offer great benefits and opportunities. Job Purpose To supply the quality support in the Manufacture of components and assemblies, thereby assuring a Quality product and service is supplied to our customers. The Quality Coordinator also has to develop expert knowledge of the company s products and systems. Duties  To assist in the timely and effective containment and resolution of Quality concerns at suppliers , inhouse and customers  To be proactive in identifying potential concerns and implementing robust corrective actions to prevent reoccurrence  Comply with the Health & Safety Policy and observe all the safety rules to ensure your personal safety and the safety of others.  Assist with driving quality improvements within the plant using PPS / ****D tools and methodology  Analysis of customer returns, concerns and defects found in the production  Help drive internal product improvements  Quality Audits within all manufacturing areas in line with company procedures.  Analysis and assistance with scrap reduction within the plant Perform Capability Studies and Process or other Audits.  Perform Gage Studies (Gage R&R, Bias, Linearity and Stability)  Identify and use appropriate statistical tools in use of the statistical applications and technique.  Management of production quarantine area, logging of nonconforming product and completion of all relevant electronic transactions  Liaise with design / production engineering for suggested continuous improvements to improve quality output. Skills & knowledge  Experienced in Quality Management Systems (particularly ISO9001)  Experience of Quality Techniques, including problem solving skills ****D, **** WHY and SPC  PC skills and user knowledge of Microsoft Office, Access, Excel and Word.  Continuous Improvement and Lean Manufacturing If the role is of interest please apply now Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy