Title: Production Supervisor 2521PMBG
Webindex: 70253880
Company: Pioneer Selection
Description: Overview: A leading heavy manufacturing company with a worldwide presence are currently recruiting for an experienced Production Supervisor with Previous experience and knowledge as a Team Leader within an engineering environment. This is an exciting position for any experienced Production Team Leader looking to join a vastly growing business with huge scope for long term career progression. The Company: Specialising in reinforcing industrial products used in everyday life, our client has seen dramatic growth since it was established in the early ****’s. Now boasting multiple sites in across the UK and excellent financial security, our client has an unrivalled reputation for providing a comprehensive service with their distribution network being second to none. Having recently moved into a brand new purpose built multimillion pound factory in Essex, the company have expanded their Production team, and are now recruiting for a production supervisor. The Role of Production Supervisor: In the role of Production Supervisor, you will have management responsibility for a team of up to **** production staff as well as team leaders covering various shifts.There will also be involvement in large capital projects, applying lean manufacturing techniques as well as ensuring KPI’s are met in this fast paced environment.Our client is seeking a confident and ambitious individual with a strong personality who is able to efficiently organise, plan and prioritise work tasks for the operators. As a Production Supervisor, you will also be responsible for the operator’s appraisals, sickness and holiday management as well as their training and development Key Skills: The Successful Production Supervisor will have a strong production background with proven supervisory experience and leadership qualities. You will ideally have previous experience in a manufacturing/production environment and have proven abilities in being able to manage and lead a team. Health and safety is also very important in this type of environment as well as being able to work under pressure and make independent decisions Benefits: Overtime  Pension  Healthcare Holidays  ReLocation Package if required. Salary: **** **** Candidates can live in / Commutable from: Braintree, Essex, Sudbury, Suffolk, Harlow, Essex, Colchester, Essex, Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a Production Team Leader, Process Supervisor, Production Manager, Shift Leader, If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Alternatively for further details contact Beau Giambrone on;  **** or Email: cvpioneerselection.co.uk Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details. you will drive an environment of continuous improvement ensuring that all quality and productivity targets are consistently achieved through the optimum use of resources in a safe environment. You must use effective communication skills with all team members to be able to analyse issues and effectively problem solve, thereby communicating instructions and implementing any changes that may be required. The successful Production Team Leader must have proven leadership ability with good attention to detail accuracy and organisational skills. You will have Knowledge of GMP and an understanding of H S gained ideally within in the pharmaceutical or food/chemical industry. A large part of the position is focused on improvements to the running of the machine as well and efficiencies of production so you must have knowledge of continuous improvement principles such as Lean / Six sigma. As a Production team leader you will be responsible for the Process Operators ensuring that all work carried out is to a high standard. Our client is seeking a confident and ambitious individual with a strong personality who is able to efficiently organise, plan and prioritise work tasks for the operators. As a production team leader, you will also be responsible for the operator’s appraisals, sickness and holiday management as well as their training and development. Key Skills: Ideally you would have had previous experience in a manufacturing/production background and have proven abilities in being able to manage and lead a team. Health and safety is also very important in this type of environment as well as being able to work under pressure and make independent decisions. The Manufacturing Manager will be responsible for overseeing the production facility.You will have management responsibility for a team of production staff as well as team leaders covering various shifts.There will also be involvement in large capital projects, applying lean manufacturing techniques as well as ensuring KPI’s are met in this fast paced environment. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProductionSupervisor2521PMBG_job****