Title: Prototype Fitter
Webindex: 69560053
Company: Advantage Group
Description: Our wellestablished manufacturing client located in Bradford, West Yorkshire has a current opening for an experienced Prototype Fitter on a permanent basis. Our client is the world s largest global supplier of advanced automotive technology, systems and components. They are the leading name in the design and manufacture of high performance heat exchange units and cooling modules. The company is a prominent global supplier to OEMs in the off highway construction and agricultural markets. The company has full research, design and development facilities on site to drive its product development. The key responsibilities within this role are: To produce components and assemblies from engineering drawings on time and in line with customer performance and quality requirements. To liaise with engineers to understand and / or clarify component and assembly requirements Responsible for maintaining good ****S and safety within own work area and general Prototype workshop. The ideal candidate will have some, if not all, of the following key skills: Excellent problem solving and good communication skills  able to liaise with all levels Ability to read and interpret technical specifications and drawings Ability to construct patterns and templates for fabrication work Excellent machining skills: Turning  including ability in screw cutting preferred. Milling using **** axis machining. Awareness of Health Able to work under pressure whilst ensuring highest quality standards are maintained It is essential that the candidate is fully skilled and apprentice trained in sheet metal work, alongside MIG/TIG welding with aluminium experience. The candidate will be working on a day shift Monday Thursday 7.30am 4.30pm and an early finish of 12.30pm on a Friday. In return, our client are paying **** per annum with 34 days holiday per year. In addition, there is a Stakeholder pension scheme and Permanent Health Insurance (PHI) Cover. Should you feel you have the necessary skills and experience to successfully carry out this position, please submit your CV immediately to be considered. Alternatively, please contact the office between 8.30am and 5.30pm to discuss the position in further detail