Title: Junior Bid, Proposal Writer  Southampton
Webindex: 72405279
Company: Office Angels
Description: Our client seeks a Junior Bid / Proposal Writer to join their team based in Southampton. As the Bid/Proposal writer you will be responsible for the writing, compiling and submitting PQQ s (PreQualification Questionnaires) & ITT documents to strict deadlines. Your Key Responsibilities are: Tender/PQQ submissions. Maintaining the Knowledge Base with standardised documents and information. Writing bespoke answers to customer questionnaires. Creating process maps, organisation charts, case studies & Gantt charts to ensure information is simply communicated. Liaising with the operational departments to ensure collation of information is timely and relevant, to highlight opportunities and implement improvements to processes and procedures to support the team. Identify problem areas and provide feedback that will enable solutions to be implemented. Our client is looking for candidates with excellent GCSE Maths and English qualifications along with and excellent working knowledge of standard PC & web applications such as Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, Visio & Adobe Acrobat. You will posses a high standard of administration skills. Candidates with working knowledge of Property Maintenance / Refurbishment is preferred You should be able to communicate clearly and effectively both verbally and in writing and at all levels with a the ability to show strong attention to detail & work to strict deadlines. Persuasion skills both verbally and in writing. Ability to prioritise workloads to meet the demands of the business. Able to handle information of a highly sensitive and confidential nature. Ability to make decisions based upon technical expertise and use of teams knowledge. To apply for this role please email your CV to (url removed) with a short synopsis DETAILING how your skills relate to the post. Only applicants with the relevant skills and experiences will be considered for the post Office Angels are an equal opportunities employer and are acting as an employment agency in relation to this role