Title: Principal/Senior Mechanical Engineer
Webindex: 69249298
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Principal/Senior Mechanical Engineer  Plymouth Permanent circa pound;****  benefits Important Mechanical Engineer with relevant experience in the design and engineering environment of the platforms or subsystems. The Job Main responsibilities: Produce unambiguous statement of the customer s requirements. Able to verify and amend statements of requirements prepared by team members. Extend a sound grasp of current engineering theories and techniques into new areas of work. Review and select the best design approach to solve engineering problems. Provide practical engineering solutions to problems and objectively assess different design options. Lead presentations, meetings and design reviews. Produce clear and concise technical documentation. Ensure application of quality management principles by team members. Ensure teams are working to appropriate processes and procedures. Undertake a range of design activities associated with marine / mechanical equipments and systems, and produce technical reports Review system drawings and specifications for marine / mechanical systems Ability to diagnose weaknesses in systems and identify potential solutions, and system improvements Undertake engineering assessment and review assessments by others, by way of attending, contributing or leading Design Reviews Technically lead a small engineering team To assist with bid activities including production of proposals and estimates iaw corporate procedures Manage project planning Key Skills and Knowledge Experience in Marine / dockyard environment, preferably related to design, operation or maintenance of Naval Ships / Submarines an advantage To exhibit a good understanding of marine / mechanical engineering subjects including mechanics, materials, fluids and thermodynamics; ability to translate theory into practical and pragmatic solutions Chartered Engineer or capable of achieving chartered status, ideally holding a degree in a relevant discipline and have relevant experience in the design and engineering environment of the platforms or subsystems. Competent with software packages (MS Word, Excel). Experience on CAD, Finite Element Analysis software and/or Fluid Dynamics software an advantage. Knowledge of Design Codes, British Standards, ASME codes and European codes an advantage. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK