Title: Radiological and Waste Characterisation Engineer
Webindex: 66537227
Company: RSK Group
Description: RSK Radiological is a joint venture between RSK Group and USbased decommissioning experts Radiation Safety Control Services (RSCS). The collaboration seeks to combine RSK’s extensive experience of providing innovative environmental, health and safety support services to the petrochemical and chemical sector with RSCS’s rare ability to work at every stage of the nuclear facility decommissioning process. We are now looking for a radiological and waste characterisation engineer with previous nuclear decommissioning clearance experience to become an integral member of the existing team. Radiological and Waste Characterisation Engineer – Essex Responsible for developing and i mplementing characerisation release standards for Buildings, Equipment, and Environment at the Magnox Nuclear Stations using the MARSSIM methodology. Applying advanced knowledge and techniques from the USA and UK to solve the issues associated with the release of material from the site, whilst providing technical consultancy on MARSSIM, Decommissioning, Decontamination, High Level Radioactive Material, Nuclear License Termination, High Level Radioactive Waste, and Site Characterisation processes used at numerous decommissioning facilities. Perform project management of site decommssioning characterisation using the MARSSIM process. Provide decommissioning site with solutions to radiological, waste and decommissioning related issues. We are looking for candidates with the following expertise: Previous radiological and decommissioning experience in USA and UK Nuclear decommissioning clearance and exemption process, using the MARSSIM methodology. MARSSIM experience needs to be fullscope from start of decommissioning of at a variety of decommissioning sites, including the final release of the site. Understanding of clearance of materials/land from site licensed facility Radioactive and Hazardous Waste Management relating to decommissioning Development of plans, procedures, training, etc. for decommissioning of a facility though license termination Excellent technical report writing skills Sound communication skills BSc educated as a minimum in a relevant subject Salary – **** plus benefits Closing date for applications is **** th February 2013 All candidates applying for positions with RSK Group must be eligible to work in the UK/European Economic Area. Candidates should confirm this when applying with their CV and covering letter To see further career opportunities with RSK Group, visit our website www.rsk.co.uk RSK is committed to our Corporate Responsibility strategy. We seek to minimise our impact on the environment; to engage positively with the community and education groups; to provide a safe and supportive atmosphere in which to work; and to promote Corporate Responsibility throughout our supply chain. RSK Group is and Equal Opportunities Employer.