Title: EPM Specialist  Oracle Hyperion, ACA, ACCA  London
Webindex: 70331685
Company: Randstad
Description: EPM Specialist  Oracle Hyperion, ACA, ACCA  London. An ACA or ACCA qualified EPM specialist with Oracle Hyperion financial consolidation systems experience is required by a leading London based Professional Services firm who are expanding their IT Risk Assurance team. The ideal candidate will have developed core skills in a wide range of disciplines including accounting/audit, IT, risk evaluation and project governance and will have had experience with implementing or as a user of consolidation, budgeting and planning processes and related systems. This is a highly specialised role that requires strong experience and knowledge of end to end group consolidation, budgeting and planning processes, experience with Oracle Hyperion financial consolidation systems, including implementation experience either from a user or implementation partner perspective and experience in evaluating and performing risk assessments at task and organisational level. In addition to a highly competitive salary and generous benefits package you will be given the opportunity to really develop your career in a stimulating work environment. This truly is an opportunity to bring your accountancy and technology experience to a growing team. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills amp; qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. Skills ACA ACCA EPM ENTERPRISE PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT ORACLE HYPERION COGNOS SAP BPC BFC IMPLEMENTATION