Title: Senior Flow Assurance Engineer  Oil Gas
Webindex: 70104885
Company: Allen York Ltd
Description: This opportunity has arisen for an engineer with strong technical and analytical skills in the oil and gas industry. You will primarily provide technical support to a range of projects in the offshore oil and gas sector. Additionally, you will be an integral part of our plans to grow our business services in this successful business sector. As a senior member of the team you will provide technical advice, close client contact, undertake technical projects, support business development and manage opportunities, proposals and projects.The successful candidate will possess indepth technical skills and experience to understand, concisely interpret and characterise the client s technical needs.Direct experience in some of the following skill areas would be advantageous: Thermal and hydraulic analysis; Solids management, such as hydrates, waxes, scale and sand; Flow assurance toolsets; Process engineering toolsets; Dynamic flow network analysis; Multiphase flows; Fluidstructural interaction (FIV and VIV). Requirements You will have a strong background in the oil and gas industry with exposure to a wide range of projects and feasibility studies. Successful candidates will have a good understanding of engineering assessment techniques, fundamental knowledge of thermofluids, typical analysis codes and standards used within the oil and gas industry. Experience of direct client liaison and excellent customerorientated skills are also essential as well as strong written and verbal communication skills. A proven track record of managing technical projects and managing and coordinating other engineering staff is an added benefit. You will be expected to work closely with our technical specialists, to develop our market penetration, identify and exploit further opportunities and development of our future service offering in this key business area. You will possess a strong degree or PhD in an engineering or similar related subject.