Title: Commercial Maintenance Electrician
Webindex: 66947625
Company: PDA Search & Selection
Description: POSITION: COMMERCIAL MAINTENANCE ELECTRICIAN (Warehouse / Industrial Environment) LOCATION: Covering Sites throughout Bristol and Surrounding Area SALARY: ****  VAN  FUEL CARD  BENEFITS Our client is a market leading Facilities Management Company enjoying substantial growth with an impressive multisite customer. To support new opportunities we are recruiting a Commercial Maintenance Electrician. The role will be looking after a number of sites within the Bristol and Surrounding area. Ideal candidates will be based in the Bristol area. The sites are within the Warehouse / Industrial Environment. The role includes the following Key Responsibilities: • Maintenance and repairs to a range of electrical, mechanical plant and equipment in environments including all building services in an efficient and cost effective manner • Completion of Planned Preventative Maintenance activities including lighting and safety equipment • Undertaking surveys and reports as required • Managing third party contractors ensuring they complete tasks on time and within budget to required standards Candidates should be excellent communicators (both written and verbal), with good interpersonal skills, selfmotivated and highly customer focused. Flexibility in working hours and mobility in travelling throughout the area will be essential as will the requirement to work on call and on a twentyfour/seven basis. Applicants should be fully qualified Electricians with City Guilds 17th Edition accreditation and a full driving licence. Ideal background for this role will be from Manufacturing, Industrial Maintenance and HM Forces. The role will involve a good deal of travel throughout Bristol and surrounding area so candidates must be fully prepared to travel on daily basis. Candidates should apply in strictest confidence enclosing their CV to Jonathan Sweasey at PDA SEARCH AND SELECTION LIMITED. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialMaintenanceElectrician_job****