Title: Senior Controls Engineer  Coventry
Webindex: 68057425
Company: PURPLE SQUIRREL
Description: Senior Controls Engineer  Coventry This is a great opportunity for an experienced Control Engineer to join a growing company in a key permanent position. Based in Coventry you’ll join a team working on the development and manufacture of an innovative and exciting product. Reporting to the Chief Engineer, you’ll be responsible for: Developing an existing motion control system to improve performance, stability and reliability. Investigating system behaviour to understand causes of production variation and implement appropriate solutions. Designing software for product upgrades new products Producing software specific documentation. Specification of control system hardware. Producing software for multiple axis printer control systems, to IEC **** Characterisation and development of closecoupled servo drive motion system for ultrahigh precision indexing of paper and film. Supporting the production Test and Commissioning team. Qualifications Experience required: At least 5 years experience in design, test and commissioning of control systems for machines using PLC based structured text software. Degree in Engineering, electrical or mechanical. Deep understanding of electromechanical systems, especially precision servo control and material (web, sheet) handling. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Full Driving Licence. Desirable Skills Experience: Experience with digital printing machinery. Experience with Beckhoff PLCs and Kollmorgen Drives. The salary for this position is ****K and in addition there is an excellent benefits package. To apply please send your CV today. Purple Squirrel Limited is acting as an Employment Agency with regard to this vacancy. (note we aim to respond to all applicants, however, if you haven’t been contacted within one week please assume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion) This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorControlsEngineerCoventry_job****