Title: Discipline Lead  Civils
Webindex: 72696935
Company: Resourcing Solutions Ltd
Description: This is a wonderful opportunity for a Degree Qualified, ideally Chartered Civil or Structural Engineer to work for one of the UK s leading Design Consultancies who are engaged upon a wide and diverse portfolio of civil engineering projects within the Rail and Transportation sector. Role Responsibilities: Reporting to the Rail Director, you will be accountable for leading the structural and civil engineering design teams, allocating work, checking and reviewing designs and when required, producing both outline and detailed designs. You will also be accountable for forecasting manpower requirements, assisting with the delivery and monitoring of live projects, working closely within the Bid / Estimating team in the compilation of estimates / quotations and proposals, act as and assumes the duties of Responsible Design Engineer, close liaison with Internal Departments, Client s and SubContractors, resolve technical queries and raise requests. You will be accountable for mentoring and developing team members to ensure career progression and personal development. Requirements: You will be Degree Qualified, ideally a Chartered Civil or Structural Engineer who is experienced in leading civil engineering design teams focussed on the production of designs for the UK Rail sector. The successful candidate will be experienced in the management of resources to deliver the programme, the development and production of tender documentation, surveying and inspection of structures, working on multidiscipline projects and be familiar with CDM regulations and requirements. You should also be adept at providing technical assistance and leadership to project teams and be able to develop and mentor less experienced staff. You will also be an excellent communicator, possess an indepth knowledge of the Microsoft Office Suite and be able to motivate the design team. You will be particularly familiar with Network Rail s processes and procedures with the ability to generate new work with new and existing clients. Package Offered: This is a superb opportunity for a career minded Degree Qualified or Chartered Engineer with extensive Rail Civils experience who wishes to work for a leading organisation and reach their potential and fulfil their ambitions on major Rail schemes across the UK. In return, you will receive an excellent negotiable basic salary and benefits packages, commensurate with your level of experience, together with a benefits package to include Pension, Bonus Scheme and 23 days annual leave. To Apply: Please note that we can only accept applications from candidates who are currently eligible to live and work in the UK. If you possess the relevant experience then please call David Haynes on **** **** **** or apply online quoting J****