Title: Powered Access Engineer London Home Counties
Webindex: 67763103
Company: The Hammond Recruitment Group
Description: Powered Access Engineer  London  Home Counties We are currently recruiting for a Powered Access Service Engineer to work within a well known company in the South East area of the UK. You will have a proven track record as a Service Engineer in a plant or powered access environment (essential), with the ability to maintain all machinery in optimum operating condition by servicing and repairing a fleet of machines both on and off site. Responsibilities Attend sites to carry out servicing and repairs of the company s rental fleet. Develop a professional relationship with internal and external clients. Ensure a high standard of Health and Safety for both colleagues and customers. Complete all paperwork, time sheets and job cards efficiently within a given time scale. Experience in D.C. electrics and knowledge of powered access machinery or similar is essential. Requirements Full drivers licence Must have own tools Excellent communication skills Commitment to excellent customer service and safety Ability to work without supervision Demonstrate flexible approach to working hours Awareness of health & safety issues Package Circa ****K dependant on experience with overtime, phone, lap top and company vehicle For further vacancies please visit our website. Hammondrecruitment or contact me on andy(at)(url removed) If you believe you have the right experience and qualifications please forward your CV If this position is NOT right for you, still forward your CV as a separate application. We specialise in many industries and have a number of other positions that maybe more suitable for your background. All communication will be treated confidentiality. Powered access, engineer, fitter, service, maintenance, london, home counties, Berkshire, surrey, kent, sussex, Hertfordshire, essex, high reach, cherry picker, platform lift, access platform, boom lift, Hammond Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy