Title: Technical Resource Supervisor
Webindex: 69967086
Company: KBM Resourcing
Description: Our client, a major player in the Aberdeen Oil To assist the Operations Manager and team members with the daily operations of the Cranes department. To provide an integrated and appropriately skilled Flying Squad resource pool to meet the requirements of the growing UK Cranes business. Assist in the transition, operation and auditing of the company crane operations Liaise with other regions to provide support as and when required. Main Responsibilities Include: Recruitment and Selection of Flying Squad and Pool Crane Operators. Allocate personnel to the plan and jobs according to their skills, competence and the scope of work. Ensure sufficient technical resources (Flying Squad and Pool Crane Operators) are available by communicating with all relevant department personnel. Manage annual leave of Flying Squad and Pool Crane Operator, ensuring that all annual leave is utilised and operational requirements are met. Liaise with all regions where the company operates and make them aware of other areas resource in order to control sharing of assets between regions. Monitor personnel utilization. Manage any performance issues within the Flying Squad and Pool Crane Operators. Ensure client feedback is obtained from each trip, including end of trip assessments and provide feedback to personnel as and when required. Set probationary objectives for new personnel and manage their probation period. Ensure new starts are formally inducted into the Company. Provide support to clients whether personnel or technical related. Take part in investigation and disciplinary meetings as and when required. Monitor the competency system performance of the Flying Squad and Pool. Manage the training and development for the Flying Squad and Pool Crane Operators. Assist with new contract transition and ensure correct selection of personnel. Assist with the development of Trainees. Succession planning and people development. Qualifications: Previous crane Project Management skills. Working knowledge of Regulatory Previous experience in people management, preferably in a supervisory position. Previous experience with client liaison. Remuneration: On offer for this position is a salary of ****K with additional benefits