Title: Senior Control Systems Engineer  Nuclear
Webindex: 69777176
Company: Quest Energy Resources
Description: Description. The Senior Systems Engineer possesses and demonstrates a diverse set of technical skills and product knowledge including the ability to work on both hardware and software across various applications. You should have acquired a solid technical background and be able to demonstrate leadership qualities. You will have commissioned, maintained and upgraded control systems in various installations. You will have experience of leading and managing teams of engineers, show commercial awareness and have successfully run projects. As our Team representative on client sites we would expect excellent verbal and written communication skills, and proven experience of developing successful relationships with a wide variety of groups: sales, engineering, maintenance and management. As this position carries much influence with the client and we would expect the senior engineer to assure accurate, timely completion of customer projects to our high standards. Main Requirements for job role. Leading and Managing teams inhouse or external environments. The ability to work independently and be self motivated. Flexibility and adaptability in accepting new challenges. Proven history of engineering, commissioning, troubleshooting, maintaining and upgrading complex control and safety systems. (DCS, PLC, SCADA, Fire Close working and adapting to multinational cultures and various levels of personnel. Detailed understanding of the requirements of Functional Safety Management to IEC ****/**** Reporting to Operations Manager Skills Minimum of 5 years experience in engineering design within the Control and Instrumentation environment with ever increasing levels of responsibility and accountability. Minimum HND qualified in a related technical discipline or equivalent work experience. Strong Interpersonal skills with the ability to develop and maintain positive relationships with internal and external customers at any level of the organisation. Excellent written and verbal communication skills Graphics Must be prepared to work flexible hours as the business necessitates Must hold (or be prepared to take) and offshore medical and survival certificate. Must be prepared to travel to client sites (both UK and abroad) as required. Elements of offshore working will be required within this role. Nuclear experience would be advantageous. Must hold (or be prepared to take) the Passport to Safety certificate. Any relevant product/technical training requirements