Title: Mechanical Engineer  Wokingham
Webindex: 70218741
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: Mechanical Engineer Reading Ref MR**** ****K Our client is currently looking to recruit a hardworking and experienced Mechanical Engineer to join its well established and strong knit building structures team. Our client is offering a permanent role in its thriving Reading office. Suitable Qualifications: Ideal candidates will be dedicated, passionate and work well as part of a team. Candidates should ideally hold a relevant degree, Masters degree or equivalent qualification in a relevant discipline and ideally will be either chartered or working towards chartered status. A full driving licence is advantageous though not essential. Ideally candidates will have:  Have gained experience in significant construction projects  Have acquired knowledge of Mechanical Engineering Services.  Have a clear understanding of specification, simulation and modelling techniques such as AutoCAD, ESPR, IES.  Have first hand experience of working as part of a multidisciplinary team  Have a clear understanding of sustainable technologies and low carbon designs.  Have an understanding of planning legislative requirements Company Our client is a well established development and infrastructure consultancy providing valuable advice in order to improve working communities. With extensive knowledge of the rapidly changing planning environment and a passion for sustainability, our client prides itself on its strong reputation for seeking out new and unique solutions throughout the UK and central Europe. Our client recognises the importance of its staff and reflects this with significant opportunities for mechanical engineers to progress and in addition enables staff to work in a friendly and supportive environment. Duties  Liaising with clients on the phone as well as face to face.  Creating detailed briefs on both mechanical and electrical building service requirements  Presenting calculated energy advice  Manage planning reports  Manipulating the design of buildings according to energy saving calculations  Generate outline, scheme and design reports. Benefits Our client is offering a highly competitive salary of ****k. In addition, our client is proposing a flexible benefits package includes a benefit allowance, pension plan and a profit related bonus. To apply For further information or for further vacancies within the Mechanical Engineering sector please contact Mikaela Rabaiotti of Penguin Recruitment directly on (Apply online only). Alternatively you can email your CV in word format and we ll call you back. Emails to