Title: Mechanical Maintenance Technician Severn Trent Water
Webindex: 69560171
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Mechanical Maintenance Technician  Severn Trent Water Gloucester **** plus Company Van, attractive benefits callout allowance and overtime (if available) Severn Trent Water serves over eight million customers across the heart of the UK, stretching from the Bristol Channel to the Humber and from midWales to the East Midlands. As a FTSE 100 company, they can offer a wide range of career opportunities and attractive benefits. We are currently recruiting for a MECHANICAL MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN to carry out direct planned and breakdown maintenance on a variety of Sewage Treatment Works and Pumping Stations across the Gloucestershire area. The MECHANICAL MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN is responsible for: Carry out direct planned and breakdown maintenance to minimise the number of non operational assets at our sewage treatment works and pumping stations across the Derbyshire area. Diagnosing, repairing and producing a report on faulty equipment Participating in a standby rota to respond to out of hours maintenance requests Assisting in training others. Comply with Statutory and Company policies and procedures to ensure the Health and Safety of yourself, colleagues, visitors and members of the public. The MECHANICAL MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN will have: A formal apprenticeship in Mechanical Maintenance with a minimum qualification of NVQ**** (or equivalent) in a Mechanical discipline. Experience working in general Mechanical Maintenance, ideally within experience in industries such as; water, sewage, heavy industry (mining, aggregates etc), waste management, process plant or similar.  Experience of Basic fabrication skills along with working with pumps, Hydraulics and gearboxes . Multi skilled individuals with Electrical maintenance experience would be beneficial (Single skill people will be trained over time in a second skill by us with a NVQ accreditation)  A full driving license. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us