Title: Environmental Health and Safety Officer
Webindex: 70694004
Company: Proactive Technical Recruitment
Description: Due to a company restructure an exciting opportunity has arisen for an Environmental Health and Safety Officer to join a Leading European Food Manufacturer in Bedfordshire. The Company is European leader within the Food Industry and offers the very best in quality, value, choice, innovation and service. Work with the EHS Manager to ensure safety, health and welfare prevails. Work with the project leader in order to develop and implement policies and procedures that result in the award of OHSAS 18001 and ISO 14001. Manage safety, health and welfare on site to minimise exposure to the company for statutory noncompliance. Key Responsibilities: On a site wide basis and in order to achieve OHSAS 18001 and ISO 14001: Devise roles and responsibilities, Collate policies and procedures, Implement and monitor systems. Devise and execute training programs to ensure that employees have sufficient information, instruction and training to execute their tasks. Undertake accident investigations where possible immediately after notification in manufacturing, distribution and office areas. Provide relevant accident information for Insurance purposes. Maintain accident statistics and trends data. Manage the collation and content of accident report forms and investigations. Manage the Occupational Health Surveillance program. Ensure weekly reports detailing safety, health and environmental issues are issued to the EHS Manager. Conduct weekly safety meetings with Manufacturing, Distribution and Engineering to ensure that safety, health and environmental issues are discussed and provide feedback to the EHS Manager. Integrate into the manufacturing and distribution setting. Manage the Business Continuity Plan. Education / Training Candidates should hold the NEBOSH Diploma or other equivalent qualification. Membership of IOSH either at Grad or Technical IOSH level, Experience in OHSAS 18001 and ISO 14001, Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, Ability to work on own initiative and as part of a team, Capability to produce comprehensive reports / presentations, Manual Handling Instructor Qualification  preferred. Experience Candidates should have a minimum of 3 years experience, preferably within the manufacturing sector. To apply for this position please send your CV to paul.leyshonproactivetech.co.uk or call Paul on **** ****