Title: Technical Services Manager (Facilities)
Webindex: 72439302
Company: Phoenix Resourcing Services   PRS
Description: Purpose Reporting to the Head of Technical Services (Line Manager), to lead the Technical Services delivery of a new major construction project and effectively manage and coordinate the planned maintenance services. The role will be site based whereby you will report directly to the onsite General Manager. The role will also involve close liaison with the Clients professional team prepractical completion to ensure that all aspects of Mechanical and Electrical Building Services maintenance can be expediently and professionally delivered. It is envisaged that this role will expand with the growth in relationship with the Client and will broaden to be responsible for a number of properties. Key Objectives  To provide technical advice and guidance in support of the operational teams on all Building Services related matters  To carry out a range of professional building services condition surveys and maintenance audits  To carry out a range of minor building services projects emanating from forward maintenance plans and reactive maintenance requirements  To manage the day to day site activity in relation to the M E Service Provider, particularly Planned Maintenance and Statutory Compliance activities  To liaise with the Construction Phase professional team throughout the duration of the project and post PC activities  Provide advice and support to the on site operational team and maintain service excellence in M E delivery Responsibilities The Landlord will be undertaking considerable M E enhancement works during 2013, therefore specific duties during this phase will comprise of the following:  Involvement from project brief to completion stages as main point of contact for engineering enquiries.  Meetings and attendance, including design, client briefing, progress meetings, snagging and commissioning attendance, out of hours work planning.  Communicating with facilities teams and customers, communication with security for contractor attendance and deliveries, trouble shooting with whoever is required, to minimise impact on daily operations.  Attend subcontractor visits as required, client meetings, progress meetings.  Review and comment on designs along with M E team.  Act as a single point of contact between FM team and Construction team during the enhancement works.  Ensure successful achievement of BREEAM credits for ventilation rates, thermal comfort, microbial contamination,  Ensure that the necessary CAFM and log book systems are implemented and tested before PC to enable full functionality of the Planned Preventative Maintenance (PPM) and Compliance record keeping.  Management of PPM programme.  Develop and lead an Energy Carbon Management Plan.  Approval of all utilities invoices prior to payment, communication with Energy Bureau Provider and appropriate suppliers. Undertaking CRC related calculations and providing utility bills and CRC related evidence to Hines as appropriate from April 2011.  Management' of Authorised Persons and Permit To Work system on site.  Arranging/update of training required for AP's, review of PTW system on quarterly basis, writing and updating of processes as required, relevant communication and toolbox talks with AP's, communication and attendance of meetings with SE team reviewing PTW system. Person Specification  Excellent interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills  Demonstrated ability to lead or work as part of a team  Ability to manage, and prioritise own workload  Innovative problem solver  Strong attention to detail  Good knowledge of Microsoft Office including Word, Excel and Outlook  Knowledge of utilities industry and experience of contract management  Experience of operating BMS systems to support tenant satisfaction and resource efficiency  Ideally with working knowledge and experience of implementing ISO14001 (Environmental Management system) and/or BS EN ****:**** (Energy management systems) or equivalent  To have an indepth knowledge of Building Services practices and procedures associated with maintenance, planning and design. Qualifications/Memberships  Associate member of CIBSE or other related professional body  HND in a science or engineering subject or a recognised electrical/mechanical apprenticeship supported by suitable vocational qualifications or experience. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalServicesManagerFacilities_job****