Title: Electronics R & D Engineer
Webindex: 68413061
Company: University of Wolverhampton
Description: This position is being readvertised, previous applicants need not apply Phoenix Calibration Services Ltd is a small but dynamic company specialising in the design and manufacture of bespoke materials testing machines. Phoenix materials testing machines are used in the research and development of materials, components and assemblies in a range of industries, including (but not limited to), aerospace, automotive, defence, pharmaceutical and universities. A complete system typically consists of a closedloop control unit and software, the mechanical frame with wiring and instrumentation, and a hydraulic power supply, all of which are specified, designed and built inhouse by the expanding team of specialist skilled engineers to meet the specific customer’s needs. Phoenix operates in a niche market as it supplies both bespoke control systems and manufactures bespoke testing systems. In order to improve the services of the company this Knowledge Transfer Partnership will be undertaking R D into the introduction of appropriate design software, and the introduction of a level of standardisation through the use of programmable measurement and actuator boards, which will improve the speed of development of bespoke requirements – allowing the company to take on more work. The successful candidate will have completed a relevant degree (First or ****) in Electronics or Instrumentation, or Mechatronics with a strong electronic component. You must have  experience of using PCB and circuit simulation packages (ideally Altium Designer)  knowledge of instrumentation electronics  circuit design experience  programming skills in C Experience of ARMbased microcontrollers would be an advantage. It is desirable that you have some experience in control theory and its implementation (possibly in an embedded environment), understand software engineering and have programming skills in vb.net. Any relevant work experience would be an advantage. You must be selfmotivated and enthusiastic, and able to take ownership of this project and see it thorough to conclusion. Strong communication skills are essential. You must have experience of working in a team environment, and have been an active team member. The successful candidate will be required to undertake any travel necessary to develop and manage the partnership element of the project. Whilst this is an R D post, it will best suit someone who is wanting to make the move from an academic environment into the practical world of industry. Please note that if you have not been contacted within 4 weeks of the closing date please assume that on this occasion you have been unsuccessful. Further details can be found on