Title: Senior Product Engineer Perm and Contract positions available
Webindex: 69994983
Company: Enterprise Recruitment
Description: Senior Product Engineer Perm and Contract positions available. Are you a Senior Product Engineer looking to join a rapidly expanding, hitech organisation in Huntingdon working on the development of groundbreaking new technologies? In this pivotal position you will be responsible for the New Product Introduction (NPI) on a range of different products ensuring new product developments are capable of mass manufacture and test.  To ensure out of box performance is exemplary.  To work with the Quality department ensuring products achieve an acceptable reliability standard.  To lead NPD programme teams to ensure that new product developments are capable of mass manufacture and test by providing design for manufacturing feedback.  Ensure that new product yields are improved through analysis of product performance parameters.  To work closely with R D and process engineering on new product introduction test methodologies, design for manufacture and product test data analysis.  Root cause analysis and elimination of repeat occurrences.  Work with R D to ensure products are capable of mass manufacture. For this role you will need to have:  Degree educated or equivalent a relevant engineering discipline.  Extensive product engineering knowledge with high tech semiconductor/electronic/electromechanical products.  Must have experience of bringing new products in to manufacture.  Experience of cross functional interfaces with R D, Quality, process engineering, production and field applications.  Previous experience in a multisite, multinational organisation would be an advantage.  Detailed knowledge of new product introduction, product yield improvement and product test development. Salary for the role will be dependent on experience level and will range ****k****k. The role will be based in Huntingdon. There is an excellent bonus and benefits package on offer. Contract rates will be paid hourly and will again be dependent on experience. The contract will be between 612 months. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorProductEngineerPermandContractpositionsavailable_job****