Title: Project / Senior Quantity Surveyors
Webindex: 69693710
Company: CDI AndersElite Limited
Description: Project/Senior Quantity Surveyors Ascot/Eastleigh or North London Up to ****k plus car allowance The Company Experienced Project or Senior Quantity Surveyors required by an award winning, privately owned construction company who have a credible and recognisable brand within the built environment. They develop and deliver new schools, housing, hospitals, hotels and office developments throughout the UK. They have a long track record for residential construction and are involved in some of the most innovative projects in the UK. The variety of the construction is exciting too, from highrise housing in city centres to estate regeneration covering over **** homes; delivering technically challenging, exciting and eyecatching projects. They are now looking to recruit experienced Project Quantity Surveyors to be site based on various projects which include social housing, care homes and private development. The live sites are spread throughout London and surrounding areas and the successful applicants could be based in Eastleigh, Ascot or North/South London. Responsibilities/Essentials The Project Quantity Surveyor will be responsible for all aspects Quantity Surveying and you will have a proven track record of managing contracts of minimum value of 5 million from inception to final account. You will provide commercial expertise and be responsible for the financial delivery of one or a number of projects as well as the ability to carry out subcontract procurement against budgets, forecasting dealing with the client s supply chain partners and design team. The role will report directly to the Lead Quantity Surveyor. It is essential for these posts that successful applicants come from a main contracting background and have extensive design build experience working on large new build contracts 5m plus. Preference will be given to candidates who have worked on social housing or healthcare projects. The client wants to attract some of the best talent and are prepared to pay a competitive package depending on skills and experience.