Title: PROJECT MANAGERS POWER GENERATION (CCGT)
Webindex: 69557578
Company: Jarvis King Associates
Description: Our client, a Global Leader in Engineering Consultancy, who due to an increased number of projects, now have numerous opportunities for experienced Project Managers/Engineers to join their team based in West Yorkshire. The roles will also require occasional travel throughout the UK and Overseas. Candidates must be degree educated in a relevant engineering discipline, preferably chartered status. Our client, a Global Leader in Engineering Consultancy, who due to an increased number of projects, now have numerous opportunities for experienced Project Managers/Engineers to join their team based in West Yorkshire. The roles will also require occasional travel throughout the UK and Overseas. This world leading firm employ thousands throughout hundreds of offices globally and are renowned for successfully winning and managing large scale projects. All applicants must have vast experience in the project management of large power generation projects. Candidates MUST have previous experience in a similar role within a consultancy firm. The candidate will preferably have acquired experience of the design and construction of large power plant of different configurations and fuel types to include knowledge of thermal plant/CCGT or renewable energy design and operation. The successful candidate will be responsible for leading teams on a variety of project assignments covering the full spectrum of feasibility, development, specification, tender assessment and implementation. You will be fully conversant with modern project control techniques and have experience in the Preparation of Proposals, Design Review and Testing and Commissioning. Experience in Commercial and Technical negotiation would be advantageous. Candidates must be degree educated in a relevant engineering discipline, preferably chartered status. An extremely generous salary and benefits package is on offer designed to meet both individual and family needs. The opportunities for career progression are vast and employees will be given relevant training and support to achieve these aspirations.