Title: Field Services Technician
Webindex: 71630449
Company: Exclusive Ltd
Description: Exclusive are delighted to be working with an internationally renowned company working within the Subsea Piping industry based in Aberdeen. The organisation is a leader within the Oil and Gas industry, with a wide range of products and services available for other industrial sectors as well. Committed to continuous improvement and maintaining their reputation within the Energy sector, our client is always looking for the best applicants. As Field Services Technician, you are an integral part of the Customer Services Team, ensuring that technical assistance is provided to all clients and customers in the use of company products and services. Minimum Requirements of the Role:  Minimum 3 years experience within field based technical assistance  Service experience within the Oil and Gas Industry  Relevant specialisation in Petroleum Engineering  Prior experience working within an onsite oil well maintenance role Conscientious and selfmotivated, you will be able to provide support to the regional area performing maintenance inspections and resolve customer queries and evaluations. Whilst providing assistance and support to clients, you will also be responsible for internal training activities and organising logistic and transport requirements between bases both on and offshore. Commercially aware and with an innovative approach to optimising the client supplychain, you will have demonstrable experience within contributing to business and commercial development, as well as personal and team training needs. Due to your responsibilities as Field Services Technician, it is expected that you will have previous offshore based experience as well as a high level of communication across all media. Knowledge of ISO 3183 and SOX regulations will be of considerable advantage to your application. With a generous bonus structure and the opportunity to progress, this is a fantastic opportunity to join a global leader within the Oil and Gas Services Industry. For further information on this role, please send your CV in the first instance to Laura Weaving in our Aberdeen Office