Title: Bridge Design Engineers (Chartered)
Webindex: 70536399
Company: URS Infrastructure Environment UK Ltd
Description: About URS URS is a truly unique global engineering company with exceptionally deep and broad expertise. Our scale, global reach, local knowledge and deep sector expertise mean there is no engineering challenge we cannot meet. Our talented engineers solve complex and diverse challenges all over the globe, from projects deep beneath the earth s surface to the world s tallest structures. We design, build, expand, operate and maintain the broadest array of infrastructure, from tunnels, bridges, roads and railways to all manner of public sector facilities and commercial buildings. Our expertise spans the breadth of the energy and natural resources spectrum, including every type of power plant. We also tackle the toughest renovation and redevelopment projects, bringing the seasoned expertise needed to safely decommission hazardous industrial sites. The Role URS have requirements for Senior Bridge Design Engineers to lead design teams across both our Rail and Roads sectors. Senior Bridge Engineers with experience of conceptual design, analysis, detailed design, checking, assessment and strengthening of all types of highway and railway structures to current codes and standards. Key requirements of the role:  Degree  Chartered with min of 5 years post graduate experience in the design and assessment of bridge works  Good technical understanding of steel and concrete bridges.  Good working knowledge of current Codes and Standards relating to highway and/or railway bridge design and assessment  Familiar with relevant bridge software eg SAM Leap  Capable of running projects from conception to completion managing projects  Capable of managing others and mentoring junior engineers  Good communications skills and a desire to succeed URS is a truly unique global engineering company with exceptionally deep and broad expertise. Our scale, global reach, local knowledge and deep sector expertise mean there is no engineering challenge we cannot meet. Our talented engineers solve complex and diverse challenges all over the globe, from projects deep beneath the earth s surface to the world s tallest structures. Please state clearly when applying what locations are of interest.