Title: Technical Manager  South Kensington
Webindex: 71847993
Company: EMCOR UK LTD
Description: Technical Manager is required to join our clients prestigious site in Kensington, London on a permanent contract. Purpose: As part of the Management Team, the Technical Services Manager will assist with delivery of all M E Services. This will include monitoring audit on satisfactory completion of PPM and reactive works, asset / CAFM update management, statutory compliance management, project management liaison production of monthly report information. This role is key in ensuring a smooth and consistent approach to building services, compliance and audit. Dimensions: The successful candidate will have previous experience in a similar role involving control and delivery of M E services, compliance management, project management , direct client liaison, production of management information / reports. The ability to communicate at all levels and in all mediums is essential. Principal Accountabilities: Ownership of Technical Services functions on the account. HV Appointed person for contract Monitor satisfactory notation completion of Reactive helpdesk tasks according to agreed SLAs KPIs. Manage asset capture at handover of estate projects Asset management, development of CAFM system audit of resultant PPM’s. Manage make available to the site team technical documentation as suitable. Technical advice to the team where required. Ensure all logbooks paperwork are completed correctly kept up to date. Develop and deliver a programme for continuous improvement of maintenance strategy. Production of monthly management reports and management information as necessary. Ensure all logbooks paperwork are completed correctly kept up to date. Subcontractor compliance control . Work alongside the BMS contractor in the delivery of energy innovations strategy development. Audit Quality and statutory compliance. Ensure all activities are compliant with statutory health, safety environmental standards Deputise for Contract Manager. Audits of completed work orders Qualifications and Experience: The ideal candidate will be qualified to HNC/Degree level in an Engineering discipline, with proven management experience Apprenticeship served Candidates must be effective communicators, both written and verbal, and have proven experience in developing and maintaining working relationships with clients . Proven leadership qualities, strong influencing skills and experience within a similar role. Working experience of HSE ACOP’s guidance . Experience of related facilities management systems (e.g. BMS, CAFM) 3 years experience in a technical role. Excellent IT skills including MS Word, Excel, Power point and Project. The ability to plan and prioritise. Smart, presentable appearance. A self starter able to operate alone and as part of a team. Innovative and focused on continuous improvement. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalManagerSouthKensington_job****