Title: Consultant Reliability Engineer
Webindex: 69961991
Company: Reed Energy
Description: Organisation description: My client provides specialist asset management services to customers in a wide range of industries from Oil & Gas and Petrochemical to Pharmaceutical & Manufacturing. They provide a fully integrated service based upon Condition Based Maintenance (CBM) ranging from Condition Monitoring (CM) to Computerised maintenance management systems (CMMS). Utilising these methods they deliver a flexible range of hardware and software solutions that enable realtime machine monitoring and performance analysis of every part of their customers process. They are currently seeking to recruit a Consultant Reliability Engineer to be the resident expert at their Aberdeen office. Job Description: Provide high level reliability support, internally and externally, in support of Condition Based Maintenance business. Key Tasks: Technical signoff on, and support to JCAMS Reliability Engineering staff with production of indepth reliabilty/CBM reports. Provide second point of view on technical matters as and when required. Development of additional CBM revenue through technical delivery of specialist customer facing work and through continuous improvement of the service offering. This may involve periods of working on customer premises both offshore and onshore. Development of additional CBM revenue through supporting business growth into new sectors by widening the range of customer electrical / mechanical equipment to be monitored . Integral part of management of CBM contracts and business To act as the lead specialist for the business on Vibration Analysis , including maximisation of the use of VA techniques in growing sales / customer contribution Person Specification: The ideal candidate will have relevant rotating equipment, maintenance and condition monitoring experience, which could additionally come from end user experience, within other industry sectors (power generation, chemical, pharma etc). Required Technical Knowledge: In depth Vibration Analysis Condition monitoring Root cause analysis Machinery maintenance and strategy development Rotating equipment knowledge Defect elimination Beneficial knowledge: Partial discharge analysis and/or phase current analysis Motors and use of transient analysis RE technique Multivariate statistical analysis Plant Maintenance optimisation Production loss management Maintenance benchmarking You will hold a Mechanical Engineering degree or equivalent and have Bindt Vibration Analysis Level 3. Although based in Aberdeen the role requires some nights away from home  both in terms of being offshore but also in wider travel to support the region when necessary.