Title: Commercial Maintenance Electrician (Retail Sites)
Webindex: 69201096
Company: PDA Search and Selection Ltd
Description: POSITION: COMMERCIAL MAINTENANCE ELECTRICAN (Retail Sites) LOCATION: Role will cover sites throughout East Coast of Scotland (Borders, Edinburgh, Dundee, Perth, Aberdeen) ? ideal candidates will be based in Central Scotland ? Edinburgh to Perth Areas SALARY: ****  COMPANY VEHICLE  BENEFITS Our client is a market leading Facilities Management Company enjoying substantial growth with an impressive multi site customer retail base. To support new opportunities we are recruiting a Commercial Maintenance Electrician to look after a number of retail sites primarily in the East Coast of Scotland from Borders up to Aberdeen. The role includes the following Key Responsibilities: ? Maintenance and repair a range of electrical, mechanical plant and equipment in retail environments including all building services in an efficient and cost effective manner ? Completion of Planned Preventative Maintenance activities including lighting and safety equipment ? Undertaking surveys and reports as required ? Managing third party contractors ensuring they complete tasks on time and within budget to required standards Interested candidates should be excellent communicators (both written and verbal), with good interpersonal skills, self motivated and highly customer focused. Flexibility in working hours and mobility in travelling throughout the area will be essential as will the requirement to work on call (1 week in every ****). It is essential that all applicants should be fully qualified Electricians with City & Guilds 17th Edition accreditation and a full driving licence. C&G **** and PAT Testing qualification would be an advantage offering excellent potential for progression into supervisory roles but is not essential. Candidates must have a background within Electrical Maintenance and ideally have some experience of Electrical Maintenance within retail sites. Candidates should apply in strictest confidence enclosing their CV to Jonathan Sweasey at PDA SEARCH AND SELECTION LIMITED.