Title: Electrical biased multiskilled technician  Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire
Webindex: 72459190
Company: Randstad
Description: Multi Skilled Technician  Huntingdon  ****k My client is looking for 1 Multiskilled maintenance technician based in Huntington, Cambridgeshire to be part of a new maintenance team. The role its self requires someone who has a strong building services track record of dealing with both mechanical and electrical maintenance. This will be based at a historical large static site that is still fully operational. This is a very unique opportunity and one that doesn t come up very often. The role itself key accountabilities are listed below:  PPM and extra work requirements in adherence to set engineering standards in accordance with HASAWA requirement.  Fault Finding and plant adjustments.  Check and inspection of electrical/mechanical services, plant and systems.  Execution of maintenance tasks in accordance with contract specification.  Respond to reactive works.  Minimum of Electrical/Mechanical City amp; Guilds, Part 1 and **** or A and B or equivalent, BMS experience and Multiskilling capability desirable. Desirable to have Health and Safety Training and Specialist training i.e. Water Treatment Systems etc.  General duties will require multi skilled discipline to carry out work such as relamping luminaires, fault finding to electrical wiring systems, motors, generators, lighting systems, chillers, AHU s along with cleaning of foul water systems, drains, inspections and repair of all M amp;E systems such as extract and supply air ductwork systems, plumbing and heating systems The Hours of Work Monday to Friday 8am 5pm Minimum of Electrical/Mechanical City amp; Guilds, Part 1 and **** or A and B or equivalent, BMS experience and Multiskilling capability desirable. Desirable to have Health and Safety Training and Specialist training i.e. Water Treatment Systems etc. Must be able to Pass Advance security Clearance Send your CV today We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills Multi Skilled Technician  Huntingdon  ****k My client is looking for 1 Multiskilled maintenance technician based in Huntington, Cambridgeshire to be part of a new maintenance team. The role its self requires someone who has a strong building services track record of dealing with both mechanical and electrical maintenance. This will be based at a historical large static site that is still fully operational. This is a very unique opportunity and one that doesn t come up very often. The role itself key accountabilities are listed below: PPM and extra work requirements in adherence to set engineering standards in accordance with HASAWA requirement. Fault Finding and plant adjustments. Check and inspection of electrical/mechanical services, plant and systems. Execution of maintenance tasks in accordance with contract specification. Respond to reactive works. Minimum of Electrical/Mechanical City amp; Guilds, Part 1 and **** or A and B or equivalent, BMS experience and Multiskilling capability desirable. Desirable to have Health and Safety Training and Specialist training i.e. Water Treatment Systems etc. General duties will require multi skilled discipline to carry out work such as relamping luminaires, fault finding to electrical wiring systems, motors, generators, lighting systems, chillers, AHU s along with cleaning of foul water systems, drains, inspections and repair of all M amp;E systems such as extract and supply air ductwork s