Title: Process Engineer (Mould Shop)
Webindex: 71850255
Company: Magna Exterior Systems
Description: Sybex based in Banbury, Oxfordshire is part of the $****bn Magna Group, a global manufacturer and supplier of automotive products for car and vehicle manufacturers, at Sybex we specialise in the manufacture of exterior trim systems. A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an Injection Mould Expert to optimise mould production processes on current tooling and new projects to ensure consistent quality and delivery. Main duties and Responsibilities: Optimise process on current production to ensure best possible cycle times and quality. Identify opportunities for development of current or new equipment to help improve our processes. Improve housekeeping through improved processes that remove all parts and sprues from production. Random audits of tool change process to ensure that standard practices are being followed to ensure tools are being checked for oil and water leaks, cycle times, water flow etc. Support the lock out procedure for processes that have been optimised i.e. EOAT (End of Arm Tooling) and robot programmes to ensure that problems trace root causes not easiest solutions. Support and advise start ups where issues exist. Conduct trials to process new product ranges. Maintain documented evidence of process trials to validate optimised processes. Check the MSTS (Manufacturing Support Tracking System) to identify processes that require reviewing. Update and publish process standard conditions as required. Record all process changes on log sheet to ensure traceability and support analysis. Attend internal meetings and toolmakers trials to review tooling plans and progress as required. Provide engineering and technical services to improve the performance of the plant. To project a professional image of the company to customers and visitors. To support all reasonable requests in line with the position. Skills Experience: A good knowledge of injection moulding tools and how they work Hands on flexible approach to ensure smooth production flow Selfmotivated and focussed team worker able to follow formal procedures Ability to work under pressure on own initiative Strong attention span with a good eye for detail Computer literate with good communication skills Willingness and ability to travel for engineering meetings, both in the UK and abroad as required Hold a valid UK driving licence Please apply with your CV and a covering letter. For queries please contact Katarina Buehling, HR Assistant, on **** **** **** Successful candidates should expect to be contacted within three weeks. However, if you are not successful do not let this deter you from visiting our web page and applying for any other suitable positions either within Sybex or another of the Magna Divisions. For further vacancies and information about the Magna Corporation please visit our website www.magna.com . All applicants must be eligible to work in the UK. NO AGENCIES PLEASE. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProcessEngineerMouldShop_job****