Title: Installations Manager / Site Manager  Construction / Home Improvemen
Webindex: 72696872
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Installations Manager / Site Manager  Construction / Home Improvements Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk **** DOE Plus Monthly Bonus, Company Car, Mobile Phone, Laptop, Staff Discount, Pension, 25 Days Holiday Bank Holidays With nearly 50 years of experience, our client is one of the UK s most respected and best known brands with a well deserved reputation for quality and innovation in the home improvements market sector. An opportunity has now arisen for an Installations Manager / Site Manager to join their team. In this role you will be responsible for the efficient and cost effective control of installation teams. This will involve managing sub contracted fitters at onsite installations, ensuring optimum customer service and adherence to procedures. As an Installations Manager / Site Manager, your duties will include:  Managing the performance of installation teams  Championing the company s right first time/first time fit vision, including audits, checklists, site visits  Ensuring effective vehicle management with respect to legality, quality, health and safety, and efficiency  Ensuring 3rd party relationships are managed effectively To be considered for this position, you must:  Be an experienced site or installations manager  Have Health Safety experience  Have a track record within the home improvement or construction industry  Hold a valid driving licence As an Installations Manager / Site Manager, you should also possess strong problem solving and negotiation skills, a good level of numeracy and literacy, and a flexible approach. Health Safety qualifications would be beneficial to your application, as would a Constructionrelated NVQ (level 3). To apply for the role of Installations Manager / Site Manager Construction / Home Improvements, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Installations Manager, Site Manager, Construction, Home Improvements, Installation Engineer, Installation, Construction Site Manager, Health and Safety.