Title: Chief Engineer  Electronic Warfare
Webindex: 68569372
Description: Chief Engineer  Electronic Warfare Enterprise Job Description A Chief Engineer is needed to join a growing System Engineering department as part of the EWOS Business area. The role is to lead the Team developing the new areas of functionality within the EWOS Business area while continuing to support the current customer base across the companies Products. Flexibility on skills will open this position to a trained individual who may have worked in a Defence organisation. Working as part of a multidisciplined team, the Chief engineer will be involved at every phase of the product lifecycle from conception, requirement through design, integration, trials, production and delivery to the customer. Key Responsibility Areas:  Developing tailored EWOS solutions to deliver sovereign capability to customers. Also helping advise customers how to turn Mission data into mission advantage.  Lead the technical discussions with the Customers and End Users to identify the key User requirements and capability gaps.  Translate the Customer requirements into solutions based around the products and other suppliers as required during the business winning solution reviews  Work alongside the Marketing & Sales and Capability functions in providing consistent direction and working with the Business development team to produce the bids.  Take on the role of Campaign lead on some prospects as agreed with Marketing & Sales  To ensure robust Quality, Performance, Cost and Time Tradeoffs are undertaken and then to establish the Technical Solution coherent with the agreed Budgets and Timescales  To ensure the current Products are supported across the End User community, i.e. support to conferences, customer visits, trials  To validate the effectiveness of the enabling systems that are in place (processes, reviews, reporting, communication)  To ensure Product Safety and compliance with Legislative and Contractual Requirements  Manage and communicate issues to senior management  Deliver to agreed performance targets  Using technical expertise to solve problems and generate ideas within the team Skills, Qualifications & Knowledge Essential Skills:  Knowledge of EW systems/ EW domain  Customer and end user engagement  Ability to think at the systems level.  Ability/flexibility to support all stages of the project lifecycle.  Technical problem solving Desirable Skills:  Knowledge of Mission Data production  Knowledge of End User Conops  Preparation of bid documentation/business cases  Self motivated team player capable of working with minimum direction Desirable Experience:  Execution of engineering process, including requirements management, systems analysis/design, system integration, validation and verification. Preparation of systems documentation, including system requirement specifications, system architecture specifications, system design specifications, system test plans, system test specifications. Personal Attributes:  Excellent communication skills.  Team player.  Drive and Commitment, maintaining high standards.  Ability to produce clear concise technical design documentation.  Be prepared to travel and work from different locations. Intrinsic Job Factors This is a predominantly office based role using display screen equipment working full time hours which can often be in a demanding environment. Additional Agency Information Security  SC  Access NATO CONFIDENTIAL or NATO Secret Acc to Caveat material tick box (eg UK Eyes Only) Direct access info/materialsubject to ITAR Physical access to one ITAR Controlled prog area Physical acc to multi ITAR Controlled prog areas To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.