Title: Automotive Project Engineer
Webindex: 70691991
Company: ATA Recruitment
Description: Project Engineer (NPI) (Automotive Tier One or Tier Two, Experience with PPAPs and PSWs) ********  Pension  25 days Interviews 17th Thursday With Jaguar Land Rover reporting an increase in car sales by over 30% due to impressive marketing in Russia, China and India and aiming to release 3 new models every year until 201****, this renowned supplier of automotive components is aiming for 20% growth year on year over the next 5 years. With the business securing major contracts which need heavy investment within new product introduction (NPI) over the next 12 months, the business urgently needs to recruit a motivated project engineer to help drive this through. This is a fantastic opportunity for a project engineer who wants to have a big say in the future growth of this business which will require the right people to step up into team leader and management roles. The business has put aside interview times for Thursday 17th January so send you CV now to be in with a chance: The successful project engineer will possess the following key skills: A good engineering qualification (Degree, HNC, Apprenticed). Automotive experience at either tier one or tier two levels. Backgrounds could be metal pressings, stampings, BIW, soft interior trim, exterior trim, plastics, injection mouldings, blow mouldings or similar. Have completed PPAPs and PSWs  at least 12 months experience. Project engineering experience  at least 12 months experience. Good core values  able to set an example to the rest of the office. The role will involve: Taking projects from concept. Daily contact with customer, predominately JLR. You will be required to go and see clients. Completing project plans and schedules. NPI  taking projects from design. Making sure design FMEAs, risk assessments, control plans and validation testing are complete. Making sure tooling is in place. Dealing with suppliers. Assuring quality is correct and logistics are in place. Making sure PSWs and PPAPs are completed. Making sure design FMEAs, risk assessments, control plans and validation testing are complete. Overseeing preproduction build. Seeing products into production. The company will offer the successful engineer: **** to **** dependant on skills and experience. Company pension. 25 days holiday and 8 statutory. Opportunities for progression to programme management or team leaders for product engineering in the next 35 years. The opportunity to be a direct part of the company's growth. The company: A renowned supplier of automotive components supplying to major OEMs. They have shown growth of 20% in the past 12 months and want to invest in their current NPI team to facilitate this level of growth over the next 5 years. To be considered for this role email David McKay, Katie Pickering or Andrew Gordon at ATA Recruitment (Automotive Division) on david.mckayatarecruitment.co.uk or call on [blocked] (office) or [blocked] (mobile). You must be eligible to live and work within the UK. Sponsorship is not provided.