Title: Systems Development  Technical Lead  Andover, Hampshire
Webindex: 62531222
Company: Randstad
Description: Technical lead is required by my Hampshire based client. This is a new role, reporting into the head of development and leading the design and development of new business critical systems. We are particularly interested in candidates who can offer expertise in the areas of Agile development, specifically with UML, Test Driven Development (TDD) and Continuous Integration. My client is in the early stages of adopting the Agile methodology, and is therefore keen to recruit further expertise in this area. The Technical lead will work closely with the Solution Architect and will be responsible for the systems design, incorporating a blend of COTS products, core systems and associated integration technologies. We require a strong level of Java (J****EE) development experience and the ability to lead teams through the complete SDLC. Key responsibilities: Takes full technical responsibility for all aspects of systems specification and design. Takes a leading technical role in systems development projects, both within systems design and in interfaces with other stages of development. Evaluates and undertakes impact analysis on major design options. Selects, in consultation others the appropriate design standards, methods and tools and ensures they are applied effectively. Ensures all work is documented to the agreed standards. Ensures that designs take full account of specified requirements and constraints, and are appropriate to the target implementation and support environments. Responsible for the development of, and adherence to, programming and development standards. Working with colleagues and clients / users to investigate and model business functions, processes, information flows and data structures, using methodical and consistent techniques. Leads development teams and plans, schedules and reports on their work. Have responsibility for technically progressing System Developers assigned to your projects including identifying any technical development needs ensuring compliance with development processes including unit coding standards, unit testing, peer review etc Essential Proven experience in: Application development methods, techniques and standards intended to facilitate the structured development of applications. Ideally this will be Agile methodology (UML, TDD, CI) Application development Software tools which automate or assist part of the development process. Information Capture Techniques e.g. contextual enquiries, focus groups, structured interviews, questionnaires, observation, statistical analysis Project Management principles, methods, techniques and tools for the effective management of projects from initiation through to implementation e.g. PRINCE. Project Planning and Control Techniques associated with planning and monitoring progress of projects Must have the ability to produce quality written reports, including tailoring to business and technical audiences alike. If you are interested in applying for this role, please send an up to date copy of your CV for immediate consideration. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills amp; qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act ****010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. Skills Agile, TDD, UML, Java, J2EE,