Title: Project Engineer (Mechanical Engineering)
Webindex: 71707545
Company: Forces Recruitment Services Ltd
Description: KM5547 Project Engineer (Mechanical Engineering) Salary: To ****k (DOE)  Bonus  Healthcare  Benefits Location: North Kent Position: Permanent A Project Engineer (Mechanical) is required by this very high profile global organisation to lead a variety of multidisciplined capital sustaining projects and bring their expertise into influencing continuous improvement processes. The Project Engineer will be responsible for a number of exciting and business essential projects that will have significant bearing on the direction of the operations. The Project Engineer will be joining a leading global organisation within its sector and the opportunities that exist are substantial. As such, this is seen as fantastic career choice for an ambitious and demanding Project Engineer with the relevant project management skills and expertise. The Project Engineer will have a Mechanical Engineering background and degree and it is preferable they should also have an Electrical/Electronics training/qualifications. In addition, experience in leading multidisciplined engineering projects from inception to implementation is required. Key Responsibilities: Manage multidisciplined engineering projects for Capital Sustaining and Continuous Improvement Schemes. To Manage Project Teams and Contractors on site to ensure Projects are undertaken and completed on time and within budget and to the necessary quality levels. Assist in the preparation of operational budgets and the formulation of programmes of work Design the Project Scopes and ensure effective liaise with the relevant stakeholders in each case Have experience within Project Management in Mechanical Engineering within an industrial background To supervise all project works and keep in continuous contact with relevant stakeholders To ensure all relevant documentation is kept up to date and amended where necessary including design drawings Arrange/deliver training where required to associated project teams Establish Project Milestones and make sure these are adhered to To be involved in project Commissioning and handovers Manage/coordinate a number of projects at the same time Qualifications/Experience Essential: Degree in Mechanical Engineering Experience of Project Managing multidisciplined Engineering Projects Excellent Leadership skills Good IT skills Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and written Confident in handling and interpreting a wide variety of data including numerical and information Ability to plan and schedule together with excellent organisation skills. The desire to develop personally and learn new skills and disciplines. Desirable: A qualification in Electrical Engineering Membership of a relevant professional organisation/body Project Management experience Experience across a number of Engineering disciplines Knowledge of AutoCad Knowledge of MS Project Interested applicants will be expected to complete and return by email a simple application form to which CVs must be pasted. Salary: To ****k (DOE)  Bonus  Healthcare  Benefits