Title: Senior Mechanical EstimatorUtilitiesNationwide: **** ****K
Webindex: 70438956
Company: Jonathan Lee Recruitment Ltd
Description: Our client is currently looking to appoint a permanent Senior Mechanical Estimator based nationwide. The company is a worldleader in the provision of project management, technical engineering and construction services to the Water industry, on programs ranging from Water Supply, Treatment and Storage to Water Resources Management and Coastal Restoration. As Senior Mechanical Estimator, you will ensure that through the submission of accurate and competitive tenders that satisfy our client s drivers the company secures adequate new business to achieve targeted turnover and profit levels with appropriate year on year growth. You will have responsibility for:  Preparation of estimates for Mechanical Engineering works, that are technically correct and with an acceptable risk level, from P and I s / GA drawings and specifications  Contribute to the efficient management and coordination of the Estimating and Proposals Department  Participate in the design development to access buildability, materials, innovation and cost effectiveness of proposals.  Provide high level pricing information early in the Tender for optioneering and budgeting exercises to ensure the most costeffective solution offered.  Prepare a staff resource for each project by providing information packages to various departments or from the contract programme.  Participate in the preparation of a procurement plan with the buying department to agree suppliers and subcontractors, terms and conditions and discount levels  Prepare enquiries and obtain competitive quotations for mechanical engineering resources, particularly materials and subcontractors. Obtain completed construction / design questionnaires and technical schedules where appropriate.  Maintain an up to date awareness and knowledge of Technical developments and new methods within the Industry.  Provide Mechanical Engineering expertise and technical advice to other members of staff.  Ensure that Client s requirements and project drivers are incorporated within tenders.  Cost code and input onto the system awarded tenders. Applicants must have a minimum ONC Mechanical Engineering and site experience ideally within the water treatment industry, estimating experience utilising a computerised analytical estimating system along with design and construction experience sufficient to influence the design and buildability of a project, choice of materials and be able to contribute to optioneering. This permanent position is offering a salary of **** per year depending on experience. If you are interested in this position, please forward your CV as soon as possible. To discuss the Senior Mechanical Estimator role in more detail, please contact Alec Price at Jonathan Lee Recruitment on (Apply online only). Your CV will be forwarded to Jonathan Lee Recruitment, a leading engineering and manufacturing recruitment consultancy established in 1978. The services advertised by Jonathan Lee Recruitment are those of an Employment Agency