Title: Software and Systems Test
Webindex: 69669920
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction This is an excellent opportunity for a Software / Systems Test Engineer. You will have experience of developing automated test tools, HIL and scripting. Experience from an Automotive, Aerospace or similar industry is essential. Important High level systems test. How to do Automated testing. The Job The Role A highly rewarding opportunity for an experienced Software Test Engineer with an interest in developing and implementing advanced methodologies to test the robustness and functionality of safety critical embedded systems for automotive steering systems during the product design lifecycle. You will be part of a growing team responsible for developing new advanced test technologies, including ProcessorintheLoop test tools, high performance FPGA electric motor models as well as test strategies to ensure system level compliance and robustness. The companies steering technology delivers fuel efficiency and carbon dioxide reduction benefits, as well as advanced functions such as parking assistance. Our department develops the application and driver software for millions of steering systems. This is a very fastpaced sector requiring advanced productdesign and problemsolving skills for programmes with short design cycle times and high production volumes. What you ll do: Develop Labview RealTime and FPGA code for advanced realtime hardware simulation Analyse product system requirements and develop test strategy Design test equipment using UML Write test tools using C, C, Python and Labview Review and debug test scripts which use the test equipment What we are looking for: Essential: Good software/electronic engineering or computer science degree Experience developing and implementing software tests Test Strategy, not just scripting. Automotive or similar market. Windows based Simulation tools. Desirable: middot; An understanding of analogue amp; digital electronic hardware middot; Experience of Modelling, eg. Simulink modelling of sensors and actuators middot; HardwareintheLoop (HIL) system development experience middot; Willingness to do international travel