Title: Steel Construction Manager
Webindex: 71188345
Company: Linear Recruitment South
Description: Construction Manager required for this reputable, top ten steel contractor. Our client has an excellent order book for the foreseeable future and are currently working on a number of prestigious projects both nationally and internationally. You will manage and take full responsibility for the successful planning, safe (IIF) timely and cost effective enactment and completion of the site activities. You will assist our clients London Divisional Director in the development of unified business and management systems for site activities. You will enhance the skills of our clients Site Services teams through developing and maintaining the training plan and programme for the departments' operatives. Along with producing erection estimates, programmes and tender methods for the group's tenders, you will also assist in developing and maintaining a supply chain of subcontract erection companies and ensure sufficient resources are requisitioned and appointed to meet outputs. Applicant You must be a high achiever, comfortable dealing with both detail and the bigger picture. Possessing strong interpersonal skills, you will also be a selfstarter, capable of original and independent work to achieve the company's goals, along with good man management skills. Most importantly you will have knowledge of IIF along with in depth knowledge of current methods and practice of steelwork erection (and associated products). With a strong commercial understanding of the industry from a subcontracting background, you will also have full comprehension of the common forms of contract together with an appreciation of the need for compliance with both these and contract specifications. With extensive experience in the steel construction industry, on site at a management level, you will have experience in management of subcontractors along with management of directly employed operatives. It is essential that you possess a black/platinum CSCS Managers card, SMSTS and First Aid at Work qualifications This is a fantastic opportunity for an individual who wants to establish themselves within a market leader and who wants to develop to the highest level This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SteelConstructionManager_job****