Title: Senior Test / Development Engineer  Engines
Webindex: 72689259
Company: Birmingham
Description: As a result of continued business growth and a growing number of engine development programmes, this is an exciting opportunity for an experienced Development Engineer who, reporting to the Engine Development Manager, will join a highly skilled and focused development team to validate that engine developments meet the demanding expectations of the machines and external customer needs. Our Client who is a leading worldwide manufacturer of Diesel Engines for the Off Highway market requires a dynamic and experienced engineer to join a small team in the Design Department working on Medium Duty OffHighway Diesel Engines. The Role: Working closely with design engineers and other stakeholders, key responsibilities will include: Design, plan and organise engine test programmes. Completion of operational tests and analysis. Reporting test results to design and commercial teams. Requirements: Background experience of gasoline or diesel engines. Experience in the development of test and validation programmes for various engine emissions control systems. E.g. fuel, charging, EGR and after treatment. An excellent understanding of engine test equipment. A demonstrable ability to problem solve with good analytical skills, including post processing and presentation of combustion/performance test data. This vacancy is only available to Candidates with relevant experience as detailed in the job description. Due to volume of applications, we are unable to respond to applicants who do not possess the required skills and experience. Recent Graduates who do not have the required level of industry experience need not apply. Candidates must be authorised to work in the country where this role is located BEFORE making an application. If you feel you can meet expectations and would like to work in a rewarding work environment with an enthusiastic and passionate engineering team, please contact us.