Title: SOURCING MANAGER  Lean Logistics
Webindex: 68096777
Company: Dats Holdings Ltd
Description: SOURCING MANAGER – Lean Logistics Horsham, West Sussex****k NegBonusCar Part of a multinational organisation, this division is a market leader in the manufacture and supply of automation and control systems with a worldwide distribution and support network. There is now a requirement caused through career promotion for a Sourcing specialist to be a key member of the management team driving the strategic direction with responsibility for $40m annual spend across their multisite operation. The main responsibilities will be for the leadership of the procurement team to achieve productivity, delivery and supplier quality targets in line with the Annual Operation Plan. Key duties include: Deploy lean supply chain management techniques to leverage agility in the supply chain tosupportthe make to order manufacturing operation. Align site supplier strategy with European Global Commodity strategies Drive sourcing involvement in NPI activities and continuously improve sourcing processes. Lead year over year site supplier agreement negotiations, driving timely implementation Team development through effective monitoring and coaching. Candidate must have a proven track record in successful leadership and implementation of sourcing strategies and be a member of CIPS or equivalent professional qualification. This will have been gained in JIT environment embracing kanban techniques. They will need to have strong organisational and leadership skills gained in an international environment driving projects through to completion.An effective team builder with strong communication and influencing skills, your strengths will be in sourcing, negotiation and contract administration. Skilled in MS Office and SAP is desirable. A willingness to spend reasonable time on business travel will be expected. Success in the role will lead to further career development opportunities within the group. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SOURCINGMANAGERLeanLogistics_job****