Title: PROJECT TECHNICAL LEADER  WATER INDUSTRY
Webindex: 69557890
Company: Jarvis King Associates
Description: Our client, a global leader in environmental engineering, has a requirement for an experienced Project Technical Lead to join their successful team in Longbridge. This is a permanent role with a salary of **** The role is a Project Technical Lead on water supply projects, incl. Our client, a global leader in environmental engineering, has a requirement for an experienced Project Technical Lead to join their successful team in Longbridge. This is a permanent role with a salary of **** The role is a Project Technical Lead on water supply projects, incl. collection, storage, pipeline, pumping and treatment works schemes and to supervise a team of technicians and Engineers in the production of feasibility studies, outline & detail designs and construction drawings, specifications and technical reports. Experience of Design & Construct project delivery is required. Responsibilities: Developing work breakdowns and budgets in conjunction with the Design Manager Ensuring that projects are delivered on time and within budget. Maintaining adequate work progress and estimating effort to complete each project Ensuring that the quality of project work meets agreed standards and specifications. Supervising subordinate Technicians / Engineers, as necessary, in the performance of technical surveys and the production of schematic, design and construction drawings in compliance with relevant Industry Standards and Regulations. Liaising with designers, other technical specialists and technical reviewers to ensure that appropriate expertise is applied to projects Carry out QA checks of drawings and documentation. Take the lead role in with the D&C Team driving efficient project delivery and liaising with the client and other parties. Maintain a reliable and consistent communication interface with Technicians and other Engineers Qualifications Responsibilities: Developing work breakdowns and budgets in conjunction with the Design Manager Ensuring that projects are delivered on time and within budget. Maintaining adequate work progress and estimating effort to complete each project Ensuring that the quality of project work meets agreed standards and specifications. Supervising subordinate Technicians / Engineers, as necessary, in the performance of technical surveys and the production of schematic, design and construction drawings in compliance with relevant Industry Standards and Regulations. Liaising with designers, other technical specialists and technical reviewers to ensure that appropriate expertise is applied to projects Carry out QA checks of drawings and documentation. Take the lead role in with the D&C Team driving efficient project delivery and liaising with the client and other parties. Maintain a reliable and consistent communication interface with Technicians and other Engineers Job Requirements: Have relevant experience in the water industry on a range of water supply schemes preferably at Chartered Engineer level. Have past experience and proven competence in delivery within a D&C environment and the supervision of a small team of Technicians and Engineers. Be sufficiently experienced to direct, guide and develop subordinate Technicians / Engineers on a range of different client design standards and drawing practices applicable to all types of wastewater infrastructure. Have an inquisitive mind and be able to make sound technical decisions and manage / coordinate difficult assignments and problematic projects. Be able to realistically estimate work effort required to accomplish project tasks. Be conversant with the project costing system and be able to prepare and present successful offers. Be technically highly competent. Possess superior communication skills in order to effectively communicate with client representatives, other Team Leaders, Project Managers and Principal Engineers. Our client recognises career progression through many different and diverse routes and backgrounds. They also recognise that focusing on a technical discipline as your chosen career should not be a limitation to your own progression within an organisation. All of their employees are able to specialise in their chosen discipline whilst still achieving director level. A very competitive salary is on offer along with an excellent benefits package.