Title: Planned Maintenance Technician  Leading Global FMCG Company
Webindex: 69250781
Company: PMP Solutions Ltd
Description: Planned Maintenance Technician 28,800 Shift Pattern 6am2pm, 2pm10pm Our client is a global FMCG company and a leading player in the UK and worldwide food manufacturing sector. With ever increasing investment into there UK sites due to expansion of one of its key sites they are now looking for a Temporary Planned Maintenance Technician for the site. Within the role of Planned Maintenance Technician you with be responsible for the maintenance and planned maintenance of site equipment and systems in accordance with health and safety (H S), quality and food hygiene standards, provide quick and effective reactive breakdown maintenance of site equipment as well as being heavily involved in the planned preventative maintenance (PPM) of all equipment too. You will be responsible for ensuring correct documentation is completed for work carried out and maintenance systems updated, conduct training of Technical Operators on site, be involved in project work and instillation and commissioning work where required. You will also be involved with working with Senior Engineers, Maintenance Planners and Shift Managers to run the maintenance department efficiently, look at ways the maintenance equipment and processes can be carried out more efficiently and work on continuous improvements projects for the site and departments. The ideal candidate for the Planned Maintenance Technicians role will have completed an apprenticeship or equivalent and hold a ONC, HNC or HND or equivalent in an engineering or technical discipline. You will also have experience working as a maintenance technician (Mechanical, Electrical or Multi Skilled) within a faced paced manufacturing or production environment ideally although other backgrounds can be considered with the right qualifications and apprenticeship. You will also have experience working to targets, be a good problem solved, have good prioritising skills and be a good team player and communicator. The package for the Planned Maintenance Technicians role is paying up to ****k. This role also offers the chance to join a truly global company and work with some of the most advanced manufacturing equipment in the world where you can develop your skills within a Maintenance role. PM Professional Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.