Title: Setting out Engineer  Civil Engineering (Marine)
Webindex: 71435093
Company: Triple S Recruitment
Description: Our client is a Joiint venture company with responsibility for delievering over 400million worth of project within the Marine Sector over a six year period. They currently have a need for a Site Engineer to work on a number of project based in Essex . The successful candidate will ideally be Degree/HND/HNC qualified in Civil Engineering and have worked either with a main contractor on general civil engineering project. Although it is not essential exposure to marine based projects or tidal works would be a distinct advantage. Key Activities include: • Maintain high personal safety and environmental standards in accordance with company policies and report any standards on the site which are considered by you as inadequate. • Where required supervision of chainperson, assistant engineers and work with section foremen. • Maintain good working relations with client / designer / RE, together with our supply chain. • Ensure that the drawings and specification documents contain sufficient, accurate information for construction of the works. Formally request any missing information in sufficient time to allow the programme to proceed without delay. • Provide accurate and clear setting out for works before work is programmed to commence, Allowing time for independent checking where required. • Communicate with foremen and gangers to ensure full understanding of information provided. • Arrange formal checking of setting out and ensure check request form is completed. • Confirm in writing, on the same day, any verbal instructions received from the client / designer / RE’s staff and ensure that comprehensive records of resources employed on additional works are maintained. • Complete inspection and test plans as required by the PMP/Specification, including checks of dimension accuracy and quality. • Keep a full and accurate daily site diary, including any changes/variations, subcontractors attendance, and records of work related discussions with client/designer/RE/project team. • Assist in the preparation and monitoring of 4 weekly programmes in conjunction with the section engineer. • Provide accurate measurements for materials required for site. Maintain material reconciliation figures for reporting in the weekly site review meeting. • Ensure that material delivery tickets are passed to the section engineer for cost coding. • Carry out testing / sampling of materials as required by the specification. • Provide assistance to the measurement department where required for example earthworks surveys. • Maintain survey books as required line manager. • Take receipt of materials and check description, quantity, markings and condition before signing for receipt. • Prepare written risk assessments and method statements for the control of the works. • Carry out other relevant duties as required from time to time. You will be employed by one of the country's leading contracting organisations and have excellent promotional prospects with a structured career path as well as a secure workload. You will also be rewarded with an industry leading package with excelent flexible benefits This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SettingoutEngineerCivilEngineeringMarine_job****