Title: Senior Principal Engineer  Plaform Integration
Webindex: 67957674
Company: Advantage Technical Resourcing Limited
Description: Senior Principal Engineer  Platform Integration  Naval Our client is a world leading, global missile systems company, delivering cuttingedge technologies to its multinational customer base. It operates in all of the major world markets and is the only company able to design and produce missiles and missile systems for army, navy and air forces. Their growing reputation for innovation and technical excellence owes much to their engineering facilities, rated amongst the most modern in the world. Role Purpose: To provide Naval Integration support to programmes undertaking Naval Platform Integration activities Accountabilities  Responsible for technically managing specific trials and integration programmes on naval development and inservice contracts.  Provide expertise and guidance as required by naval projects, providing the necessary inputs, skills and functional policies. The projects may include Seawolf (UK Export), PAAMS Sea Ceptor.  Provision of project control and associated reporting on a specific Trials and integration packages.  Provide support to Integration and Trial document reviews including Trial Safety Documentation.  Provide support to I SV Functional Reviews, Naval Trial Readiness Reviews, Fit to Fire Reviews and subsequent Washup meetings including preparation of review material.  Support to future business opportunities. Skills and Knowledge  Specific recent experience of UK naval weapon systems/ radar systems  Wide knowledge of engineering disciplines including Systems Engineering, Trials and Integration, ILS, Training, Electronics and Software Ability to persuade the Customer community in an honest and trust inducing way  Ability to asses Customer and System needs and ensure solutions emerge  Support the subcontractor in their work towards a technical solution  Knowledge of weapon systems and weapon system integration into platforms  Sound understanding of the principles involved in integrating a highly complex weapon system  Planning and risk management  risk mitigation via alternate strategies  Communications reporting; up and down.With over 40 years of specialist experience, Advantage Technical Resourcing is the recruiter of choice for IT and Engineering professionals across EMEA. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Please visit our website to find out more about us. Advantage Technical Resourcing: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work.