Title: System Facilities Manager  Health Safety  ****k  London
Webindex: 69080338
Company: Teambuilder Recruitment Limited
Description: System Facilities Manager  Health & Safety  ****k plus benefits  London OVERVIEW: This role has been created as part of an expanding management function for site facilities in central London which includes energy generation and infrastructure services and the successful candidate will be required to work with the existing System Facilities Team and provide daily cover to achieve a smooth and seamless service to the facilities users as well as provide Health & Safety support and advice for the site wide team. The successful candidate will be a suitably qualified H&S Officer/Practitioner experienced in practical handson application of H&S responsibilities in a commercial / industrial environment. This is a role based in an industrial plant environment and is a handson operational role rather than a managerial/strategic role with a focus on policies and procedures. The person will be actively working with subcontractors, issuing permits, working in confined spaces, airsampling, compiling/assessing RAMS and point of work assessments. This role also covers Fire Warden/First Aid duties within the demised areas. It is essential that the appointee be highly computerliterate although the majority of working time will be spent operationally within the demised areas. The role is varied and demanding and will require commitment and a proactive, flexible approach. Additional responsibilities and key tasks will be available for the right person to take forward. Although there are important technical aspects to this role, the right candidate must possess strong and demonstrable skills in relationship building, maintaining good communication and prioritization in meeting Customer requirements as well as maintaining client and site confidentiality and demonstrating the highest levels of discretion and diplomacy. SECURITY: This is a secure site and 3rd Generation Security Vetting (to grandparents) will be carried out. All candidates should be aware that any permanent employment is dependent on these checks being satisfactory according to current legislation and guidance, and cannot be made until these checks are carried out and approved. FUNCTION: GENERAL: You will be expected to undertake any training necessary to ensure that you are able to undertake your duties effectively All activities are expected to improve over time Key Deliverables against Which Performance Will be Measured: PERSON SPECIFICATION: PACKAGE: Salary  Initially up to Exceptional Benefits to include: Holiday: 23 days rising to 25 days after two years of completed service and by one day per five years of completed service thereafter to a maximum of 30 days Pension: Individual contributions may be made from commencement. The Company contributes 5% after one year of completed service and, after two years completed service, 7.5% if matched by an individual contribution of 2.5% Company Funded: Life Insurance Dental Plan Discretionary Bonus Scheme Childcare Voucher Scheme Commutable from London and surrounding areas