Title: Possession Planner
Webindex: 68512063
Description: Responsible for planning, requesting and managing possessions and planning safe systems for work that will take place on Network Rail Controlled Infrastructure, on or near the line or on the line side. An experienced Controller Of Site Safety with local knowledge of the location of the works. Accountabilities: Establish good working knowledge of the geographical railway infrastructure, for the area of project/works Maintain a good understanding and working knowledge of RT/LS/S/**** and plan safe systems of work and accurate RIMINI plans in accordance with it. Complete all required documentation accurately and on time. Advise management and COSS/Supervisor on RIMINI plan and requirements. Ensure their understanding Field enquiries from site and advise accordingly. Work closely with Line Safety Staff and Operatives and safely, as set out in the Rule Book. Assist in planning protection arrangements. Work closely with the construction manager and Planning Engineers to identify all available possessions to optimise working and to maintain the project program. Ensure the possession requests are submitted in line with Network Rail possession planning timescales Attend all possession meetings with Network Rail and client. Submit the possession request forms to Network Rail using the PPS system. Submission of Isolation requests. Submission of Road Closure requests. Brief all appropriate management and construction team on possession arrangements Planning possession/protection arrangements. Submit registered possessions and any other outside the rules possessions as required. Review and report on possession performance and utilisation. On publication of the Confirmed Period Possession Plan, check the details are in line with the possession requests. On publication of the Weekly Operating Notices, check the details comply with the work requirements for the possession ensuring any deficiencies are corrected in liaison with Network Rail and Project Establish good working knowledge of the geographical railway infrastructure, for the area of project/works Essential:  PPS planning access  Rimini planning qualification is Core Level 2  Trained and certificated as competent in Personal Track Safety Rules (PTS).  Trained and certificated as competent As a Controller of Site Safety [COSS] as defined in the Network Rail GE/RT **** Series Rule Book).  Medically fit to carry out work on Network Rail Controlled Infrastructure, preferably with previous experience of carrying out the duties of a COSS.  Ability to read, write and speak good English and a good understanding of railway geography and working.  Must have a good understanding of the Network Rail Rule Book and be able to interpret Sectional Appendices, Hazard Directory, and Environmental Assessments etc.  Holder of a full British Driving License.