Title: Metallurgist / Welding Engineer
Webindex: 71631574
Company: Akton Recruitment
Description: Metallurgist / Welding Engineer Location: North West Salary: ****K  Benefits An exciting new role for a Metallurgist / Welding Engineer  operating from a busy Production Services Department, using a variety of welding processes and hard surface materials. You will be working with an international leader in the research of engineering welding and cladding processes. Maintaining the associated manufacturing systems, in a robust and controlled manner, to include the generation and delivery of appropriate instructions and procedures. Ensure training is delivered directly to welders, using a variety of methods, face to face, power point presentations and instruction manuals to support for up to fifteen welders, to achieve the consistently high standard of quality required at times. Provide technical support for the business and where necessary drive, process improvement initiatives and development projects for new and established products. Responsibilities: Assisting in maintaining all welding processes to the level that customer standards dictate and to ISO9100. Programming an ABB welding robot, using ABB robot studio and ****D modeling software. Operating, trialing new programs and problem solving the ABB robot welding equipment. Assisting with the development of Strip Cladding welding methods, introducing new materials/techniques to the process. Working closely with the welding supervisor developing parameters for new weld materials/components. Developing new procedures/processes. Carry out material testing (microscopically, chemical analysis, hardness testing) to validate welding trials using sub contract test houses. Documenting the results of development work, testing etc. in technical reports for internal/external customers. Carrying out failure investigations and deciding repair procedures/report writing. Supporting QA, Engineering, Purchasing with materials issues. Maintaining thorough auditable records, Controlling weld procedure manual for all welding processes. Produce set up sheets, work instructions.If this is of interest then please contact Liam King at AKTON Recruitment or email me at