Title: Project Engineer (Water / Waste To Energy Industry)
Webindex: 69250459
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment Limited
Description: Project Engineer (Water / Waste To Energy Industry) Edenbridge, Kent **** ****  Car  Product Training  Potential Progression  UK Travel  Paid Travel Expenses  Private Healthcare Are you a driven and ambitious engineer with experience in the water or waste to energy industry? Do you have a proven track record in completing projects? Are you looking to play a pivotal part in a rapidly expanding and innovative company that is going from strength to strength in the waste industry sector? This company are a specialist in their field and have developed their success and customer base from scratch by really understanding a clients needs and providing fully tailored mechanical and electrical solutions to businesses who suffer with pollution issues whether it be air pollution or water pollution i.e water suppliers. Operating in a niche field has meant they have become a go to company for a number of well known businesses who require specialist pollution equipment and machinery, As a result they have expanded quickly and will continue to do so by acquiring new and existing contracts along with a view to tap into new sectors with their bespoke approach. Due to their success they are now in a position to recruit a project engineer to play a vital part in their success by overseeing the design and manufacture of equipment to onsite installation and completion at customer sites. The ideal candidate for this role will be a driven engineer with experience of the water or waste to energy industry coupled with a proven track record in completing projects. As a continually expanding business this is an excellent time to join with the opportunity to play a vital role in their success coupled with potential progression in the future. The Role Overseeing and managing various projects from concept to completion Overseeing the design and manufacture of specialist pollution control machinery ready for installation at customer sites Managing on site commissioning and installation of machinery Technical point of contact for customer and the installation team UK Wide travel will be required with some potential overseas travel The Person Driven engineer with experience of the water industry(i.e. Water treatment plants / Waste water / Sewage works / Water supply) will also consider candidates with waste to energy experience. Proven background in managing/overseeing and completing projects  Must be a driven candidate who is enthused by the prospect of being part of an expanding business If you are interested in this position, please send your CV to matthew.harrisrisetechnical.co.uk mailto:matthew.harrisrisetechnical.co.uk waste water, Engineer, service, maintenance, project, installation, treatment, pumps, field, works, utilities, manager, planner, pressure, hydraulics, management, pollution, hydro, commissioning, Project, planning, engineer, process, sewage, technical, supply, waste water, pumping, mechanical, electrical, supply, water, mechanical, civil, mains, manager, design The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from engineering candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom.