Title: Senior Mechanical Engineer
Webindex: 65801073
Company: Forces Recruitment Services  Ltd
Description: Senior Mechanical Engineer Location: Chippenham and Site based as required Salary: **** The Senior Mechanical Engineer will assist the Design Department Manager with respect to Mechanical Engineering designs for both internal and external clients, ensuring maximum commercial and technical effectiveness and maintaining efficiency. Role and Responsibilities • Contribute to cooperative working across disciplines and multidisciplinary project teams, leading them when required. • Ensure that effective internal/external working relationships are established and maintained with clients, subcontractors and specialist suppliers. • Make sure that confidentiality is observed and maintained when dealing with private/confidential correspondence, reports, statements, records, other documents and information. • Ensure the effective use of company resources and subcontract packages in accordance with individual project cost plans. • Manage the work and task of other Junior Mechanical Engineers • Monitor, review and report on the quality of mechanical designs produced by the mechanical team. • Ensure cross discipline collaboration with other internal and external designers. • Lead and manage internal and external design teams in the production of bids, tenders and full detailed design from concept to handover. • Prepare estimates for the implementation of mechanical services. • Carry out site surveys to identify the Clients needs and requirements making recommendations as necessary. • Produce and develop designs for mechanical services. • Ensure that designs meet user requirements, cost limits and time scales. • Contribute to the preparation of Health and Safety method statements and risk assessments in respect of construction work as required by the project to meet current legislation. • Coordinate with Clients, other professions and members of the Projects and Maintenance Teams. • Produce tender enquiry documents in respect of contracts for the provision of mechanical services. • Assist Quantity Surveyors in evaluating tender returns as required. • Monitor and comment on subcontractors work as required on individual projects. • Contribute to the Engineering Team by attending regular team meetings and courses to ensure that changes in legislation and Company policies are fully complied with. • Provide a professional and high quality service in accordance with the Company’s Quality Assurance procedures and assist in the review of standards and procedures to ensure a continuing improvement in the service provided to the company’s clients. Knowledge, Skills & Qualifications Essential • At least a HNC in Mechanical Engineering together with at least three years postqualification experience, with sound organisational, communication, interpersonal and Customer Care skills. • Broad experience in the design, installation and management of building services. Working knowledge of current legislation and practices in all elements associated with Mechanical building services. • Conversant with one or more of the following: o Computerised Building Management Systems o Ventilation systems o Air conditioning Systems o Domestic hot and cold water systems o Health and safety legislation. o Design Calculations Software • Ability to work to deadlines, under pressure and on own initiative. • Possess a current valid driving licence. • Experience of Quality systems to BS EN ISO 9001 • To be conversant with Computer Aided Design Techniques AutoCAD ****D • Possess good written and oral communication skills, and the ability to communicate well at all levels and able to control certain financial aspects of contracts and/or projects. • Experience in the planning, organising and control of subcontractors, be able to provide services to agreed standards, time scales and budgets. • Evidence of continuing professional development and an ongoing commitment to undertake training and studies to meet the demands of both current and future legislation relating to the design of building services. Highly Desirable • Degree qualified • Have experience in the high technology or industrial sector of mechanical services design. • CIBSE or IET Membership at any grade Location: Chippenham and Site based as required Salary: ****