Title: Sales Marketing Coordinator
Webindex: 66975383
Company: Advanced Leds Ltd
Description: The Company Advanced Leds Ltd are one of the longest established led lighting companies in the world. We have undertaken a number of prestigious interior and exterior projects around the globe. There is now an emphasis on our external luminaire range. The business has recently been subject to a private equity investment and a new management team with the specific intention of capitalising on an emerging led lighting market. This technology no longer has a cost gap between traditional solutions but offers significant energy savings, lower costs of ownership and substantial carbon reduction. The combination of the above along with a higher quality light and more flexible delivery platform clearly offers benefits to both the private and public sectors. Role Definition This is a multidisciplinary role across the Sales, Marketing and Commercial business functions. This role will however have some responsibility for post contract aspects. The broad nature of this role suits a graduate from either Business Studies or Marketing although applicants will be accepted from a Construction or Electronic Engineering discipline. The position offers scope for personal development and career progression. Duties will include initial contact at project level for newly generated leads, developing new business, inputting enquiries onto our CRM database, preparing quotations, updating our website through the CMS, producing technical sales literature and organising exhibitions. It is expected that the successful applicant will grow with the business as a new senior management team look to deliver accelerated but structured growth. We will provide trade specific training and structured career progression with a performance management/ personal development programme. There will be potential for the right individual to develop the role into a specific professional discipline as In addition to the above we offer 22 days annual leave plus the statuary entitlement, a profit share scheme, none contributory pension scheme and a **** hour working week. Location At our offices in Hinckley, in the medium term some travel will be expected. Please email your application and a full job description will be forwarded back.