Title: Infrastructure Compliance Manager
Webindex: 70252013
Company: Kobaltt London
Description: INFRASTRUCTURE COMPLIANCE MANAGER NEEDED I am currently working with one of the top civil engineering companies and they are currently looking to expand their team with a Infrastructure Compliance Manager a Qualified Safety Professional responsible for managing a team and coordinating operational compliance within the Rail business stream. The Role Implementation of SQE policy and group standards at all Rail sites, offices and depots throughout the UK Resourcing and managing the SQE team to support policy implementation. Maintaining proficiency and competency levels to current standards for self and own staff. Promoting best practice and setting high standards of performance to ensure the company is in class for SQE compliance for the Rail and Infrastructure sector. Oversee site accident / incident management and investigations ensuring underlying causes are identified with actions for prevention. Ensure adequacy of risk management process. Presentation of regular proactive /reactive performance reports and statistics to Senior Management Team. Liaison with HSE/ORR and other key stakeholders on compliance issues. Identify ideas and initiatives for improvement in SQE standards. Ensure compliance with CDM regulations. Ensuring SQE competency levels of operational staff and workforce including subcontractors. Involvement in SQE planning for projects, including review of SQE Plans, methodologies and risk assessment to ensure adequacy of arrangements. Development and maintenanceof Rail SQE Policies and Procedures necessary to ensure compliance with Railway Group and Company standards, ISO standards, current applicable legislation and Network Rail Licence Requirements. Contribution to Group Safety Strategy with the Group Compliance team. Development and maintenance of audit and inspection programmes for Rail to ensure compliance with policy and procedures. The Candidate Experience in implementation SQE Policy for railway industry projects. Diploma / Level 4/**** NVQ or equivalent 10 years H S experience 3 years’ experience working in the rail industry, providing both first line advice and tactical support and development on health and safety matters. Environmental Accreditation (IEMA or Eqv) Membership of relevant professional institution Quality/Auditor skills Good communication skills at all levels Leadership and personal management Good decision making skills Experience in Behaviour Based Safety (or similar) as appropriate to the role occupied If you feel you have the relevant experience or know anyone that does then call me on **** **** or email me at c.brownlieearecruit.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InfrastructureComplianceManager_job****