Title: Maintenance Engineer (Food/ FMCG)
Webindex: 69173090
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Maintenance Engineer (Food/ FMCG) Warminster, Wiltshire **** to ****  overtime  mobile phone  pension  holiday (20 days  statutory) Are you a multiskilled maintenance engineer from a fully automated manufacturing background? Do you want a challenging and diverse role that will see you involved in a variety of different tasks on a daily basis and placed within a progressive, everdeveloping business? Based in Wiltshire and established for over 16 years, this food production company are continually expanding both their product range and their productions output levels and now require another shift maintenance engineer to ensure the constant function and improvement of the business's machinery processes. The engineer would be responsible for a wide range of tasks across site. This includes setting the large production lines up and down, becoming involved in improvement projects and the general maintenance, service and repair of the food production machinery on the site. This role will offer you a wide variety of experiences, being one of only three engineers on site you will be expected to be intuitive and versatile, able to work quickly and efficiently in order to maintain factory production levels and quality at all times. The Role  Setting production line machinery up and down.  Service, repair and maintenance of production machinery.  Involvement in process improvement projects.  Site maintenance and improvements. Electrical and mechanical maintenance. The Person  Must come from a manufacturing background.  Ability to set large production line machinery up and down.  Significant experience in maintenance engineering roles.  Improvement projects experience and ability.  3Must have good electrical and mechanical maintenance skills Maintenance engineer, manufacturing, mechanical, electrical, maintenance, engineering, apprenticeship, Fault finding, mechanical maintenance, service, repair, breakdown, mechanical maintenance, PPM, PLC's, shift engineer, technician, Multi skilled maintenance engineer . This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MaintenanceEngineerFoodFMCG_job****