Title: Project Control Officer – Future Systems
Webindex: 68995840
Company: MASS Consultants
Description: Project Control Officer – Future Systems : International Defence Organisation based in Stevenage, Hertfordshire is currently looking to recruit a Project Control Officer – Future Systems. Please Note: you must be eligible for SC (Secret Level) Security Clearance. The salary on offer is ****k  ****k (depending on skills and experience)  Great Benefits Project Control Officer – Future Systems Job Description: Project Controllers own and implement the systems and methods to ensure that project performance remains visible to the Project Team at all times. The principle duties include, but are not limited to; • Working in collaboration and support of the Business Performance Management Team in the definition and ongoing management of the project execution. • Controlling the creation and update cycle of Engineering and Project / Workpackage Plans and Schedules. • Analysing ongoing progress and performance, assessing this against contractual and internal targets  determining variance and its respective causes. • Preparing reports and recommending actions to maintain and or improve progress • Foster good working relationships with engineers and the broader community to be able to implement and embed the project control standards, systems and methods delivering accurate and quality project performance status data in a timely manner. • Challenge inefficiency and apply improvements to increased performance  strive for a continuous improvement of best practices both at project and functional level. • Promote the profession of Project Control and its respective expertise and credibility across the business, accommodating and managing change, sharing experiences and embracing new ways of working. • Operate in a customer partnering and collaborative environment. • Develop competencies and capabilities in international working both at an individual level and team level. Experience/Skills: • Possess a high level of competence with industry standard computing applications (specifically spreadsheets) and possess an ability to work with large quantities of data. • Have an acceptable level of Commercial and Financial Awareness • Have a methodical approach to their work, willingness to promote and challenge efficiency and behold a well developed level of judgement. • Hold durable communication skills, capable of working in large teams with a complexity of skills (Engineering, Finance, Commercial, Project Management, etc) and are also posses the appeal of working in a multicultural panEuropean environment. • Are proactive team players who can inspire others, manage change, who are assertive as well as have a strength (or willingness to develop) on their negotiation and arbitration skills. • The dept is not necessarily looking for people with all of the above experience, they re looking for people with a career interest in Engineering / Project Management and have the energy, appetite to learn and relish the opportunity in embracing the above challenges.