Title: Continuous Improvement Engineer (Manufacturing)
Webindex: 68637240
Company: CVbrowser
Description: THE ROLEDue to rapid growth, our client, based in South Yorkshire are looking for an experienced Continuous Improvement Engineer to work in a large manufacturing plant.MAIN PURPOSE OF THE ROLE: Manage Continuous Improvement projects working on product and process performance, quality, cost and delivery improvements to meet and achieve given targets throughout our manufacturing facility.MAIN DUTIES:  Work with CI Manager to define and scope improvement opportunities, by reviewing existing manufacturing processes, equipment and technologies to identify opportunities to improve throughput, efficiency and quality performance. Delivery of improvements required to meet our operational targets for quality, cost and delivery while ensuring adherence to agreed date/times. To accurately provide management information in report format on time as requested. To accurately track spend and performance against agreed targets with respect to agreed improvement plans and capital investment. Ensure all appropriate in process controls are maintained while improvement plans are implemented in production facilities to minimise operator error and engineer out process problems. Develop layout plans for manufacturing area to meet current and future business needs Ensure manufacturing departments are supported to ensure daily / weekly OEE targets are achieved To ensure all ****D and problem reports activities are supported when necessary within specified time scales. To coordinate the activities of all departments with respect to individual or team projects. To ensure full commitment and support for training, communications, Health and Safety, housekeeping and personal discipline. Implement continuous improvement throughout the organization using Lean and Six Sigma principles. Kaizen facilitator.ROLE SCOPE: Plans and monitor activity on a scale of daily to monthly. Internal Contacts  employees up to senior management level across all departments and up to senior management level. Ensuring compliance with all TS **** and ISO 14001 requirements. External Contacts  customer equivalent level and external suppliers to Director level. Responsible for decisions related to manufacturing monitoring systems / equipment installation.EDUCATION EXPERIENCE: A demonstrable understanding and practical experience of process improvement in a manufacturing environment with Lean manufacturing and/or Six Sigma experience. Minimum of 2 years practising Lean Six Sigma Green Belt and able to demonstrate at least **** successful complete projects.  Ability to coach and lead teams undertaking Continuous Improvement Projects. Must be confident leading change in cross functional teams.  Excellent IT skills in MS Office: Excel, advanced, Word Powerpoint Intermediate, Minitab and SAP. Proven track record of leading and implementing Continuous improvements within large organisations. Ability to implement processes that have delivered benefits on Quality, Cost and Delivery. Excellent knowledge of LEAN Manufacturing to include Value Stream Mapping, Problem Solving Technique's, Quality Control Systems, ****'s, Waste Elimination, Change Management, DMAIC, OEE, Poka Yoke, Standardisation, Benchmarking, Best Practice, Kaizen, Containment Measures, PDCA and visualisation standards. Knowledge of systems / processes that ensure decisions are data driven.THE PACKAGEYou will earn a basic salary of between