Title: DESIGN TECHNICAL SPECIALIST  ****K
Webindex: 62119282
Company: Support Services Group 
Description: DESIGN TECHNICAL SPECIALIST (automotive)  ****K  co.durham This is an outstanding and rare opportunity to lead a Research and Development team within a global automotive manufacturer with tremendous career prospects with a challenging and interesting role on offer. Main Responsibilities To lead research and development activities in the technologies and requirements for passenger vehicle crankcase ventilation and oil separation. To liaise with customer engineers, in the UK and around the world. To provide technical support and onthejob training to design engineers from the UK and globally. Detailed Job Description Investigate and monitor trends and new developments in crankcase ventilation, Cam covers and other engine closures. To lead the research and development of new technologies that will give the business a competitive advantage in those fields. Lead a team of design engineers and simulation specialists. Provide technical support to customer development programmes in the UK and globally. Support the preparation and presentation of technical proposals to potential customers. Lead the education and training of design engineers from the UK and globally. Lead the creation of concept and design FMEAs for new technologies. Lead the identification and justification of expenditure to support specific R&D activities and projects. Support the identification and justification of capital investments required to support the R&D team Support the selection and recruitment of new engineers to the R&D team. Skills: Person Specification: Need to have: Proven track record of involvement in the design and development of IC engines, with particular experience in crankcase ventilation and cam covers. Strong communication skills. Sound academic foundation in engineering An enquiring and creative mindset Desirable Experience : Experience and knowledge of thermoplastics and / or tooling for injection moulding. Experience of the application of FEA and CFD and other simulation techniques Experience of working with automotive or related tier **** supplier. Some CAD capability, especially Catia or Solidworks would be an advantage. ExecEngineers welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. follow us execengineers PROFILE OF EXEC ENGINEERS RECRUITMENT LTD ExecEngineers Ltd recruit for a plethora of permanent, temporary and interim jobs in the Technical Engineering & Manufacturing industries. Our key strengths lie within the Automotive, Aerospace, Chemical / Process, Pharmaceutical, Energy, Oil & Gas, Electronics, Software, Food & Drink, F.M.C.G and Marine markets. We place a broad spectrum of professionals from areas as diverse as design, purchasing, planning, maintenance, production, operations, management, supply chain, software development and hardware engineering. Qualifications: HND or above in a related engineering discipline Keywords: automotive design cfd cae cad engineer development r&d research