Title: PRINCIPAL HYDROGEOLOGIST
Webindex: 68364155
Company: Jarvis King Associates Ltd
Description: Our client, a global leader in environmental engineering, has a requirement for an experienced Principal Hydrogeologist to join their successful team in High Wycombe. As Principal Hydrogeologist, you will be required to lead and manage the hydrogeological and environmental aspects of existing projects on behalf water supply, contaminated land, environmental, mining and regulatory clients. You will be expected to develop good relationships with clients, to win new business for the company, and to take responsibility for project delivery. The position offers the potential for strong career growth for enthusiastic and selfmotivated candidates. The successful candidate will have a Hydrogeology MSc with significant post graduate experience or a relevant PhD with post graduate experience of hydrogeology and groundwater resources. You will also be a Chartered Geologist or have an equivalent alternative international accreditation (e.g. EurGeol). Candidates need to demonstrate experience of working in multidisciplinary teams and leading and managing hydrogeological environmental assessments. Experience of working in Consultancy, or Regulatory Agencies, or Water and Mining Companies would be considered an advantage. Candidates will be expected to demonstrate an ability to produce high quality oral and written communications. Good time management and presentation skills and a flexible attitude are also essential to work within our busy and dynamic team. As a Principal Consultant you will be familiar with the regulatory, business and policy environment in which our clients operate, and have the capacity to develop and maintain long term relationships with our clients. You will also have experience of technical management of projects and teams, and an interest in developing the skills of less senior staff colleagues. Our client recognises career progression through many different and diverse routes and backgrounds. They also recognise that focusing on a technical discipline as your chosen career should not be a limitation to your own progression within an organisation. All of their employees are able to specialise in their chosen discipline whilst still achieving director level. A very competitive salary is on offer along with an excellent benefits package.