Title: Tube Lines Mechanical Engineering (Rolling Stock) Graduates
Webindex: 68241131
Company: Tube Lines
Description: Do you aspire to a career in Mechanical Engineering? Why not join the engineering company responsible for delivering the largest improvement programme the Tube has ever seen? At Tube Lines, we’re investing **** billion to maintain and upgrade the Jubilee, Northern and Piccadilly lines, which account for 500 million passenger journeys a year. We’ve achieved a lot, but there’s much more to be done, as we bring new ideas to the world’s oldest metro system. If you’re excited about making your mark on London, we can offer a twoyear comprehensive and structured development programme that will allow you to realise your full potential. After an induction, your series of threemonth placements will help you build your core knowledge in Rolling stock and Systems engineering. These rotations will allow you to experience the array of technology on the Jubilee, Northern and Piccadilly lines and get involved in the exciting multidisciplinary projects we’re implementing to upgrade the systems. You will learn about the commercial aspect of our business – covering planning, performance and procurement – and discover the challenges involved in roundtheclock maintenance projects. Throughout, you will receive the mentored development that will help you to achieve your professional registration with the IMeche, and build your longterm career. You will need at least a MEng ****:**** a mechanical related degree that is accredited by the IMeche, plus have a real interest in providing solutions that will improve the underground. Combining a strong technical capability with excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, you’ll be able to deliver innovative ideas and motivate, inspire and influence others to implement them. A team player with strong management potential, your keen eye for detail will be closely aligned with your ability to adhere to our values and principles – ensuring safety is at the heart of our business. The Underground is a twentyfour/seven operation so there may be occasional nighttime work, depending on your role. Applications are open until the end of January 2013, but will be reviewed as they are received, so early application is advised.