Title: Lead Commissioning Engineer  Permanent
Webindex: 68823856
Company: ATA Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Lead Commissioning Engineer Salary Location: ****K****K  Car allowance and Package Commutable: North Yorkshire Permanent position Role: You will be responsible for supervising a team of commissioning engineers throughout multiple projects, capable of trouble shooting, problem solving and strong leadership. Although this is a supervisory role it is still handson and you will be required to go to site as and when. You will be electrically biased with mechanical experience as the role requires both disciplines. As the lead Commissioning Engineer you will be required to; Liaise with both the client and internal departments, on issues such as budget and technical issues. Create, monitor and maintain all commissioning project documentation such as method statements and risk assessments. Scheduling the commissioning resources for the commissioning engineers who are out on site. You will be the goto engineer to; bounce ideas off, ask advice, provide support. Organizing engineers workload Although there will be some travel involved (30%) both UK and overseas. You will be mainly office based at the companies' site in North Yorkshire. Required Experience/Background: Electrically biased in qualifications. Mechanical knowledge Instrument set up and calibration Fault finding  electrical circuits Process/Utilities background would be beneficial IOSH or NEBOSH (desirable) Benefits Car allowance Pension 24 days  Stat Excellent opportunity for progression Company: The company is a wellestablished engineering company, who work within a range of process industries including; utilities and food, providing turnkey solutions for clients worldwide. If you're interested in this position please APPLY immediately, by pressing the Apply button Or email Katie Chadwick at Leeds branch of ATA on katie.chadwickatarecruitment.co.uk alternatively you can call the office on [blocked] Or DD: [blocked] Please note, you must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this position