Title: Mechanical Project Engineer (Stress Analysis, Test)
Webindex: 68545251
Company: SJB Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Mechanical Project Engineer (Stress Analysis, Test) Bristol Salary ****  **** per annum Our client is a leadingedge growing new company that develops and employs unique technologies and expertise for the measurement, management and assessment of residual stresses in engineering components enabling clients to enhance system performance with design, manufacture and maintenance optimisation and serving many industrial sectors Worldwide, helping to reduce the frequency and duration of downtime of client list of worldwide bluechip clients. They now have an immediate requirement for an enthusiastic and selfmotivated Project Engineer with a sound theoretical and / or practical working knowledge of stress testing and analysis. Duties and responsibilities include:  Project manage the stress testing and analysis activities faced in the laboratory and onsite worldwide; these include creating solutions for the adaptation and use of testing equipment on the wide range of applications faced.  Analyse the raw data generated during the testing process (by support technicians) and create technical reports for presenting the results to clients.  Provide client support as the Project Manager from contract signing to final delivery.  Design, maintenance and repair of equipment; which includes the design and assembly of mechanical parts and basic electronics.  R D of equipment, analyses and methodologies used in the supply of our services.  Manage measurement and analysis records for quality control purposes.  Writing and presenting scientific research papers at international conferences.  Operate and maintain a safe working environment for yourself and others.  The position can involve working throughout the UK and worldwide for periods of up to 4 weeks. However, the majority (i.e. >85%) of the working time will be spent at our facilities in Bristol. Qualifications, Skills and Knowledge Essential A recognised mechanical engineering degree or equivalent at a minimum level of ****:**** Good command of the English language as the postholder will be required to communicate with clients, industry experts at all levels, as well as with other technical and administrative support staff within the Company and to travel worldwide to perform their duties and hence will be able to communicate clearly with clients the world over. Desirable An understanding of basic electronics. Good skills in practical engineering in a workshop/laboratory environment, finite element analysis software and CAD software. Working alone or as part of a small team to achieve project objectives including onsite. Confident and outgoing in unfamiliar surroundings and with unfamiliar groups of people. Experience of structural materials testing and instrumentation, stress measurement and analysis techniques ideally in the Nuclear or Oil and Gas industries, writing technical reports.