Title: Contracts Supervisor
Webindex: 70519596
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of today s leading infrastructure, building and business services companies, with some **** employees and an order book worth over pound;****bn. In the UK and overseas, our people are working in areas vital to society. We are designing, building, and maintaining new environments for business and leisure, and safer, more reliable transport networks. Together with our clients in health, education, commercial property, local and national government, transport and defence, we are finding innovative, sustainable ways to improve the quality of life for everyone. Business Unit/Area Overview FMMedia amp; Technology Purpose of Role To assist and support the Facilities Manager in providing day to day operational nbsp;management for all services within a portfolio of buildings. To supervise facilities personnel as required. This is an active and visible role requiring excellent customer relationship skills. Working as part of a Team, the AFM will be expected to positively contribute to the performance of the business and build stong local relationships with the client and internal teams . Key Objectives of the Role Support the Facilities Manager in promoting a culture of excellent customer service and establishing excellent working relationships with client. Assist the Facilities Manager in reviewing existing services, specifications, processes, productivity levels and quality control to secure and increase the efficient use of resources. Support the Facilities Manager in ensuring that predetermined output specifications and key targets are met for the region amp; portfolio of buildings. Compilation of budgetary information to assist in annual budgetary and monthly forecasting processes. Advising on payroll issues concerning staff within the portfolio of buildings under postholder s responsibility (i.e. include overtime, absence etc). Assist in the management of Facilities staff to include: undertaking disciplinary investigations in line with company policy; undertaking initial recruitment interviews for Facilities positions; assist in the motivation and leadership of staff. Assist in the recruitment and induction of facilities staff within the region s portfolio of buildings. Ensure that all health and safety legislation and company policy is adhered to, within own level of responsibility (to include: undertaking role of Fire Warden and/or First Aider as required). Assist the Facilities Manager in undertaking regular site and service inspection tours and identifying areas on nonadhered to quality standards as appropriate Job Level Overview The Job Holder is subject to managerial control and the job is generally subject to practices and procedures that have clear precedents, or are covered by closely defined policies. The Job Holder may be part qualified and will certainly possess some specialised skills that may have been gained through on the job experience. The Job Holder s performance will have either a minimal impact on plc performance, or a very small impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Accountable for the completion of standard or nonstandard tasks, within the scope of the function Delivers activities to support operational objectives for their role Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically up to 6 months Makes decisions within parameters set by manager, using job/specialist experience Interacts with client or users around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Supervises the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility Focus of work on the completion of a set of related tasks for a particular section or service with the ability to accommodate new tasks Financial Accountabilities Identifies ways to reduce cost Work within a given budget, usually without authorised spend of their own People Accountabilities Required to supervise a small team Coordinates available resource to deal with the work in hand Required to assist less experienced staff Undertakes the performance reviews and provides training recommendations Responsible for performance management issues and recommending disciplinary actions. Knowledge and Applied Skills Working knowledge of one functional area through job experience amp; training Likely to have 25 years business experience, be a minimum partqualified professional, and have a Certificate Level of Qualification as a minimum. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information Additionlal allowance paid, London Weighting  20% of basic salary.