Title: Systems Intergration Manager
Webindex: 69670421
Company: Sanderson Recruitment
Description: This role requires a professional individual. Strong communication skills are a prerequisite as is a flexible and adaptable attitude. This role requires a professional individual. Strong communication skills are a prerequisite as is a flexible and adaptable attitude. The ideal candidate will be driven to rapidly immerse themselves in our business to get up to speed on software products, processes and practices. We are an established and dynamic organization with offices in 3 locations around UK. Our ability to grow year after year is driven by our desire to attract, develop and retain worldclass people who thrive in our environment and share our desire to provide a worldclass service both internally and externally. We offer an extensive training, excellent salary and benefits package. Main responsibilities:  Support, Maintenance and development for MIS Integrated Systems, including SAP, CRM, Websites, EDI. This will be both internally and with external third party companies / consultants  Installation and setup of new processes and systems  Manage small Integration team  Develop policies Procedures on procedures, security management of systems  Undertake project assignments on an ad hoc basis as identified to meet our business development objectives.  Manage 3rd Party relationships with service providers  Support, Manage deploy efficient and effective solutions  Recommend Purchase new computer equipment, Peripherals Software  Provide out of hours cover support for critical issues Required Experience/Skills/Competencies  Minimum of 2 years experience in a similar role  Knowledge of methods of systems integration  Knowledge of EDI and Communication interfaces  Be able to demonstrate excellent communication skills, decision making and task delegation  Be able to remain calm and collective while working under pressure  Selfstarter with the ability to work well individually  Close attention to detail  Good team work  Excellent time management Desirable Skills/Knowledge/Accreditations:  SAP ECC****  EDI standards  Application Integrator (GXS), Odex  Avaya  Scribe  Odex  SalesForce CRM  Microsoft Dynamics CRM  Web development