Title: Multi Trader  Plumber
Webindex: 71710280
Company: HRGO Recruitment Ltd
Description: Multi Trader  Plumbing bias London  South  Croydon Region Salary to ****  Vehicle  Fuel  Package Permanent This National social hosuing contractor are currently looking to recruit a multi trader to join their team working on a housing contract based in Croydon and the surrounding region. The role will be to carry out remedial work on various occupied and void properties carrying out anything from fitting bathroom suites, kitchen sinks, immersions, o/hauling taps and pipe work, drainage and underground pipe work replacements including dig down as required, small patch work plastering, simple carpentry such as bath panels, remove and replace ductwork, tiling around sanitary ware, painting and decorating. This is purely domestic maintenance; experience involving large construction will not be expected, though experience would be beneficial. Responsibilities:  To undertake plumbing and associated repairs and associated maintenance work on site as required. E.g. making good, patch plasterwork, tiling etc.  To carry out maintenance on domestic properties.  To work on various occupied and void properties carrying out remedial works such as fitting skirting boards, changing locks, hanging doors, door frames, fencing, small patch work plastering, replacing small pipe works, making good painting and decorating. Carrying out remedial works.  Ideally to be qualified to Part P to allow works to immersions and electric showers  To promote high levels of customer care.  To comply with all company policies, systems and procedures.  To comply with company Equal Opportunities policy at all times.  Read, Understand and Comply with the SHE Policy and Procedures  Always work in accordance with any Risk Assessment, Method Statement or Safe System of Work  Comply with the DSE Regulations  Ensure that relevant Task Specific Risk Assessments are available for tasks such as Work at Height, Electrical, Gas, COSHH and Manual Handling  Develop a concern for personal safety and the safety of others  Cooperate with the company in all matters pertaining to SHE  Do not operate any plant or equipment that has become defective  Report and Record any Personal Injury or Occupational Health matter and insure you inform your line manager  Ensure you are aware of local First Aiders, Welfare Provision and Emergency Procedures  Report and Record Near Miss situations  Take care of your own health and safety and the safety of others whilst at work and ensure you do not cause harm to others or the environment through your acts or omissions  Ensure Good Housekeeping The Person:  Experience in carpentry and plumbing is essential  Previous working experience with a RSL or sub contractor to a RSL  Experience is essential, as are tools.  You must have a full driving licence.  City and Guilds in either Plumbing or Carpentry is preferred but not essential  Comprehensive working knowledge of Schedules of Rates, appreciation of all trades.  Ability to work and manage workload to produce acceptable standards of work  High level of communication, demonstrating customer care and sensitivity.  Working knowledge and compliance with health and safety requirements.  Work as a team member and comply with set objectives.  Whilst working hours are contracted, the post holder will be expected to take a responsible attitude to delivering work objectives which may involve on occasion working longer hours Please email your Cv to apply for this role.