Title: Project Control Officer
Webindex: 71430755
Company: MBDA  Ltd
Description: MBDA are currently recruiting for a Project Control Officer. The purpose of the Project Control Officer is to own and implement the systems and methods to ensure that project performance remains visible to the Project Team at all times. MBDA (Defence) based in Stevenage is a world leading, global missile systems company, delivering cuttingedge technologies to our multinational customer base. It operates in all of the major world markets and is the only company able to design and produce missiles and missile systems for army, navy and air forces. Please note that in order to apply for MBDA UK opportunities you will need to be eligible for SC (Secret Level) UK Security Clearance. Accountabilities for a Project Control Officer include: Working in collaboration and support of the Business Performance Management Team in the definition and ongoing management of the project execution. Controlling the creation and update cycle of Engineering and Project / Workpackage Plans and Schedules. Analysing ongoing progress and performance, assessing this against contractual and internal targets  determining variance and its respective causes. Preparing reports and recommending actions to maintain and or improve progress Foster good working relationships with engineers and the broader community to be able to implement and embed the MBDA project control standards, systems and methods delivering accurate and quality project performance status data in a timely manner. Challenge inefficiency and apply improvements to increased performance  strive for a continuous improvement of best practices both at project and functional level. Promote the profession of Project Control and its respective expertise and credibility across the business, accommodating and managing change, sharing experiences and embracing new ways of working. Operate in a customer partnering and collaborative environment. Develop competencies and capabilities in international working both at an individual level and team level. Benefits at MBDA include flexible working, a comprehensive pension scheme, discounted private healthcare scheme, paid overtime (subject to level of role), sporting activities, fantastic site facilities, bonus schemes, superb learning and development opportunities, plus many others If you would like to apply for the Project Control Officer role, please click `apply now` where you will be taken through to our application page. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProjectControlOfficer_job****