Title: GRADUATE TEST ENGINEER  Software Engineering  Windsor, ****K, Windsor and Maidenhead
Webindex: 68805055
Company: Randstad
Description: GRADUATE TEST ENGINEER  Medical Software Engineering  Windsor, pound;****K; This is a great opportunity for a GRADUATE TEST ENGINEER to join a leading Systems Engineering company for the Healthcare industry. Based in WINDSOR, this role offers a salary of pound;**** (dependent upon experience) plus pension, childcare vouchers and 25 days holiday. The company: They design and deliver next generation applications and data communications solutions for pharmaceutical and healthcare management industries. These solutions enable patients to better selfmanage their disease(s) and in turn allow healthcare management organisations to dramatically reduce healthcare service delivery costs whilst providing better patient care. They have been on the market for the past four years and have been growing very rapidly since  they are currently employing a hundred staff and are looking to double that number in the next twelve months. You will be part of a fastgrowing company which delivers quality at scale, connects clinicians, patients and their data together through its secure, costeffective and medicallycertified solutions and continuously strives to improve patients quality of life. The role: As a result of the heavily regulatory environment they operate in, quality is at the heart of what they deliver  The endtoend applications they design are highly innovative, robust and massively scalable and follow a rigorous and highassurance, agile methodology. In this context, the testing team plays an instrumental role in that they push the developed applications to their limit so as to ensure the highest quality products are developed and ultimately patient safety is never compromised. As a Graduate Test Engineer you will join an eleven strong testing team and take part in the system level testing and play a key role in ensuring that the system meets specified requirements. You will execute test cases required to validate tools, execute test procedures to verify requirements, as well as raise and tack own defect to closure. If you come from a Computer Science degree (or equivalent) with an understanding of the testing process, this is an opportunity to work alongside experienced engineers and gain experience in all areas of the system test process. You will be fully supported with mentorship and professional development throughout and will be given the opportunity to obtain professional membership. Key skills/experience required :  Computer Science degree or equivalent is essential to be considered;  an understanding of the testing process (with ideally example of testing a component/system during a degree project);  experience in presenting problems and solutions to others (e.g. final year dissertation presentation) will be considered as an advantage;  good team/interpersonal skills.  Their offices are close to the M25, M3 and M4 and within commutable distance from West London, Hampshire, Surrey and Berkshire  Are you interested in finding out more about this Graduate Test Engineer opportunity? Please apply ASAP with an uptodate CV for immediate review or call me on **** **** **** for a confidential discussion. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills amp; qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. Skills test, testing, graduate, entry level, entrylevel