Title: WORKSHOP CONTROLLER, READING
Webindex: 71432702
Company: Hot Recruitment
Description: Workshop Controller, Reading: Our client sells and services some of the most prestigious vehicle brands in the world and an exciting opportunity has arisen for an experienced motor trade Workshop Controller at their Landrover dealership in Reading. THE ROLE The role of Workshop Controller involves allocating work to all technicians ensuring work standards and time scales are always achieved. You will liaise with reception when repairs are likely to take longer than previously agreed, ensuring the customer is kept up to date at all times. THE DUTIES Customer  Ensure all work is completed timely and are accurate, managing the customer’s expectations at all times.  To report and seek advice on any problems highlighted whilst work is being conducted so that these may be overcome and the customer kept informed where delays result. Technical  To assist in providing on the job instruction to Apprentices in order that they develop the practical skills required.  Ensuring all work is carried out with due regard to health, safety and welfare of both employees and customers.  Keeping up to date with all technological developments.  Complying with all Company policies and procedures. Team  To support all team members and work together for the benefit of the dealership. THE PERSON This is very handson role and the person appointed to the role of Workshop Controller will have:  good workshop knowledge  good technical skills  up to date knowledge of all technology  the ability to communicate effectively and resolve problems quickly and efficiently  the ability to provide outstanding customer service  excellent communication, organisation and interpersonal skills  good attention to detail  a flexible attitude and possess a GSoH THE BENEFITS The position of Workshop Controller offers excellent terms and benefits including:  A good basic salary and an ote of **** per annum  Generous holiday allowance  Pension and life assurance schemes  A Childcare Voucher Scheme is also in operation HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients’ business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Workshop Controller will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK and a full valid UK Driving Licence. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Automotive, Technician, Mechanic, Motor, MOT, Service, Repair, Maintenance, Vehicles, Workshop Control, Controller, This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/WORKSHOPCONTROLLERREADING_job****