Title: Lead PLC Software Engineer (Siemens Simotion/Servo Drives)
Webindex: 69007757
Company: Otj Recruitment
Description: Lead Software Engineer  Siemens Simotion or high end Servo Drives experience  designing PLC, HMI & SCADA software for complex systems  machine control & process applications and plant wide automation  based Wolverhampton  salary ****  ****K We are looking for a Lead PLC Software Engineer with Siemens Simotion or high end Servo Drives experience Candidates for the position of Lead PLC Software Engineer (Siemens Simotion/Servo Drives) must have a broad knowledge of designing PLC, HMI & SCADA software for complex systems in machine control & process applications and plant wide automation Specific experience in the Nuclear Industry would be an advantage but not essential and the PLC Software Engineer must be capable of producing technical & functional specifications and developing control software from concept through to testing and commissioning. You must have a sound knowledge of and be experienced in the application of the latest relevant IEC standards and statuary legislation. The role of Lead PLC Software Engineer (Siemens Simotion/Servo Drives) will be to deliver Software work packages of high integrity and complex control Day to day duties will include  Producing PLC, HMI & SCADA designs to IEC **** from concept designs and specification  Functional Design Specification and Detailed Software Specification  PLC, HMI and SCADA software coding.  Producing Software Specific Test Documentation  Specifying hardware & software parts list.  Designing project specific networking (Ethernet, Field bus etc)  Managing the interface between CE & I and the Mechanical function.  Supporting the Lead Engineer in the delivery of scope to budget and programme and in the management and supervision of subcontractors.  Supporting the Testing/Commissioning team during PAT & FAT testing.  Providing technical expertise to tenders  Providing input to the development of the CE&I function and resource. Benefits will include 25 days holiday, pension and life insurance To undertake the above role, the Lead PLC Software Engineer (Siemens Simotion/Servo Drives) must have strong communication and excellent analytical, design and problem solving skills OTJ specialises in engineering and engineering related positions. We are currently looking for Project Managers and Engineers, designers, draughts people, Mechanical, electrical and Electronics Design engineers and draughts people, service engineers, sales engineers, avionics engineers and buyers All candidates should have the unrestricted right to live and work in the UK This vacancy is advertised by Otj Recruitment Ltd. The services advertised are those of an employment agency