Title: Commercial Manager  Swindon
Webindex: 72459423
Company: Randstad
Description: Commercial Manager Permanent Swindon pound;****K The purpose of the role is to provide postcontract commercial management of medium value/medium risk activity and support precontract activity within the Project delivery team s scope of work, providing specialist commercial advice, guidance and recommendations to mitigate commercial risks. Key Accountabilities:  Support the Programme and project teams in monitoring for breaches of corporate governance compliance with our Rail clients Corporate Governance rules in a timely manner.  Manage cost reporting of all allocated projects within the Rail clients reporting framework including Cost Forecasting, Anticipated Final Cost, Cost of Work Done, Gross Billing and Current Contract Value.  Monitor, manage and report on all commercial aspects of allocated projects, flagging issues and proposing mitigation actions at the earliest opportunity to Project Manager and/or Programme Commercial Manager (functional reporting line) and/or Senior Commercial Manager.  Monitor awareness of all site activities on allocated projects in order to influence decision making from a commercial perspective. Review contractor delivery; including leading valuation of medium value/medium risk contracts amp; attending all progress meetings to actively influence contractor s commercial behaviours, delivery and activity.  Manage assessment and valuation of contractor s applications and processing of payment certification in accordance with The rail clients processes, contractual terms and conditions and commensurate with contractual entitlement. Cost elements should be challenged, audited where appropriate and valuations should be consistent with agreed site progress.  Provide proactive advice and guidance to Project Managers on all change including proposed scope changes, recommending appropriate action in accordance with the rail clients change control systems and produce all required documentation for approval in accordance with levels of delegated authority including comparative estimates where required in a timely manner.  Produce of applications for payment/invoices to outside clients in accordance with relevant funding agreements, including supporting documentation as appropriate.  Identify and advise on all commercial risk/claim events.  Provide of adhoc management information and analysis to promote informed decisionmaking.  Produce appropriate commercial correspondence and contractual notices for issue in accordance with contractual conditions. Commercial records should be retained and archived properly upon close out.  Undertake final account settlements and internal reconciliation to project closeout as per the project authority, project plan and within agreed timescales. For multiyear framework agreements, agree and reconcile annual accounts within 6 months of each yearend.  Support demonstration of efficiencies and continual improvement of estimating by undertaking cost analysis of completed projects and feedback as per Cost Allocation Feedback process.  Support with pre and post contract procurement activities as appropriate.  Provide support to estimating resources, offering guidance and advice on project scale/scope as required.  Support the negotiation of all prices under existing contracts/framework agreements (including the negotiation of target costs) and fully participates in the associated quantitative risk assessment and value management workshops, as required.  Check whether all contractual specifications set out for the management of safety, and as determined by Network rails standards, procedures etc., are effectively implemented and thereafter monitored to prevent any potential noncompliance, delay, or lack of organisational cover etc. which could introduce the importation of risks to the programme managers portfolio.  Check whether both Occupational and Operational risks are inputted into project Quantitative Risk Assessments (QRA s). Essential  Solid experience in commercially managing major projects  Demonstrable relevant experience  Good understanding of railway and construction industry forms of contract, specifically target cost contracts  Good understanding of the construction/railway industry  Good negotiation skills Desirable  Educated to degree standard in related subject  Membership of a relevant professional institute, chartered status  Awareness of industry issues We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.