Title: Physical Design Engineer  Bristol, UK
Webindex: 70623564
Company: IC Resources
Description: A skilled Physical Design Engineer with excellent implemenation skills is sought for a challenging and varied role within an international semiconductor company based in Bristol, UK. This position offers the chance to work on the next generation of advanced graphics, DAB digital radio and multithreaded embedded processor cores at the silicon level, within an expanding team based at this new R D site. As part of this dynamic and motivated design team you will work on creating the physical implementation of advanced SoCs, and it offers the chance to gain experience with cutting edge EDA tools and advanced silicon processes. The ideal candidate will have experience in many of the following areas; ? Place and route of digital designs, experience with leading industry PnR tools and low power design techniques ? Floorplanning, STA and timing closure ? Design rule checking (DRC) and LVS closure ? IR drop and Timing analysis ? Scripting (Perl, TCL) ? Knowledge of silicon manufacturing and yield issues Great communication skills and an enthusiastic approach are essential for this role, as well as strong leadership and organisational skills. You will be working on some of the worlds most advanced processor cores, as well as actively contributing to the development of the company and their technologies, allowing you to really make your mark in one of the UKs most successful IP companies. Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK. If this sounds like your next career move then please contact clareicresources.com to apply or for further details. Keywords: Digital, ASIC, SoC, Hardware, Software, Verification, Physical Design, Backend, RISC, Microprocessor, ARM, EDA, UNIX, LINUX, Tcl,Perl, C, C++, IC Design, cadence, mentor graphics, top level, block level, floor planning, Place and Route, CTS, logical optimization, physical optimization, logical equivalence checking, timing closure, STA, EDA, RTL Design, RTL Coding, power analysis flows, implementation, logical synthesis, makefile, low power, CPU, GPU, DRC, Physical Verification, power grid design, power grid analysis, static, dynamic IRdrop analysis, Synopsys, Xilinix, Altera, Microsemi, Lattice, FPGA, RTL, Design, OVM, VMM, UVM, SystemVerilog, VHDL, Verilog, testbench, Semiconductor, Bristol, UK, Europe IC Resources  your first contact for ASIC design and verification jobs globally. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PhysicalDesignEngineerBristolUK_job****