Title: Press & Milling Maintenance Technician
Webindex: 66980585
Company: Matchtech
Description: My client, who works in the Automotive and Environmental industry, is looking to take on a Maintenance Technician to join their team. The Maintenance technician will have a track record in Preventative maintenance within any production industry, They are looking for someone who has experience with PLC systems from a fault finding perspective and equally experience of working with robotics/Conveyors. Duties of Maintenance Technician role • Follow press an milling settlement closely with the suppliers, set up maintenance procedures and work instructions and set OPL for preventive maintenance, • Set up the spare parts inventory and the procedures for spare parts inventory management, • Set up visual management for press an milling maintenance Main Activities of Maintenance Technician: • Provide a rapid response to breakdowns and repair accordingly • Perform daily and weekly paint maintenance plan activities • Maintain and improve OEE for equipment such as: press systems and manage and maintain Press Planned Preventative Maintenance system. • Ensure preventive maintenance of entire press and milling equipment • Check spare part stocks in consignment warehouse • Check coagulation • Comply with current operating instructions • Contribute to TPM process • Record press and milling consumables in appropriate systems • Manage the spares system for press and milling equipment. • Support new installations required to improve press and milling performance. • Ensure that all utility equipment operates in a safe manner and exceeds current legislation. Competencies of the Maintenance Technician Role • Maintain process control by following process control plan. • Prepare press and milling process equipment for startup after a period of downtime (weekend or factory shutdown) • Prepare press and milling process equipment for shutdown (weekend or factory shutdown) • Maintain robot process setup (trajectory programs, brushfile maintenance, program backup) • Flexibility • Working knowledge of CE certification an equipment safety systems. • Ensure that contractor cleaning buyoff is completed after TPM gaps. Profile Must have a detailed knowledge of: • Pneumatics • Fabrication • Equipment strip down – pumps, gear pumps, wet paint specific equipment Lactec Bells • Control Systems • Fault Finding • Be flexible when weekend working is required MIT Hydraulic/Pnuematics experience To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.