Title: Document Controller  London
Webindex: 68804869
Company: Randstad
Description: An exciting opportunity has risen for a Document Controller to join a leading contractor specializing in the Rail sector. They are well known in the market and constantly growing and getting involved in more projects across theUK. You will be a joining an excellent team and the project will go on until 2018, opening you up to opportunities for growth and development in the field. You will be required:  To manage and control the drawings and correspondence between the project team and external parties, ensuring that the latest revisions are administered and distributed promptly.  To liaise with subcontractors, designers and the Project Team  To maintain the document controls processes and ensure appropriate storage of hard and soft copy material.  To ensure that site paperwork is being captured correctly and being filtered through to all those necessary  To maintain the Project s Document Control Procedures from the inception period to Project end  To conduct, and transact all Hard and Electronic Project Documentation.  To maintain the Project s content management system.  To maintain the Project s Document Control Procedures from the inception period to Project end.  To maintain the design structure of the Project shared networks/extranet systems.  To upload/download and process all extranet related documentation as per written procedure.  To maintain and transact hardcopies of all Standard and Technical Documents including Drawings, Method Statements and Work Request Forms as per written procedure.  To support the document control manager in all areas of Document Control.  To liaise with the supply chains internal document control covering all areas of Document Control.  To participate in handling CAD drawings, under Microstation / AutoCAD.  To maintain all Project Drawing, RFI, document transaction and general document As a document controller within this busy function, you will be awarded with a competitive salary and a strong benefits package including travel paid to and from work, 25 days annual leave, pension scheme and private health care. You must be a loyal individual with experience in the field, preferably in engineering or construction. You must be very able and competent in the job, and a proactive individual who can think for yourself. You must be truly interested in the job and have a true passion for document control and/or the industry. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills london, permanent, jobs, document control, engineering, construction