Title: Maintenance engineer (Days)
Webindex: 66416765
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Maintenance engineer (Days) Bradford ****'****  Overtime Training  Progression  Pension Position available for a maintenance engineer at an exciting stage of commissioning a brand new multimillion pound system, offering exciting projects work, in an environment where you will benefit from ongoing training and progression. Here is a fantastic opportunity to work for a leading manufacturer that offers a great package as well and being known to really look after there staff. This market leading FMCG manufacturing company is recognised for its excellent quality and great working conditions. Having just invested millions into a new manufacturing facility along with state of the art kit, they are currently on going the commissioning phase of a brand new area within production. As a maintenance engineer, you will be responsible for the mechanical maintenance on a range of state of the art manufacturing and process equipment used within the consumer goods industry. Having just expanded the plant, there is a large enthuses on continuous improvement and project work which you will be heavily involved in. Here is a fantastic opportunity to work in a leading manufacturer offering exciting work as well as training, development and career progression. The Job Mechanical maintenance engineer Days  **** Hours a week Continuous improvement project work PPM Working on state of the art kit The Person: Mechanical maintenance engineer Industry knowledge of Liquids, pharmaceuticals, FMCG or processing type industries Must be time served (Apprentice trained) Mechanical maintenance engineer, electrical, onc, hnc, degree, btec, nvq, degree, fmcg, pharmaceuticals, precision, bottling, high volume, liquids, packaging, time served, apprentice, defence, machine shop This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MaintenanceengineerDays_job****