Title: Major Sales Manager
Webindex: 72440905
Company: Utility People Ltd
Description: Major Sales Manager, Salary: ****k  ****k, Location: Glasgow Summary Award winning national energy broker of 12 years seeks to continue its expansion and as such has a position for two Major Sales Managers. The permanent position offers a unique opportunity for the right person to be part of a successful team and significant earning potential. The minimum of 5 years' experience in the Utility sector is required, three of which must have been in direct sales. The position is office based however, own transport and clean driving license are required as Sales Managers will be required to visit potential and existing clients, attend sales opportunities etc. Using the established reputation of the Company, Sales Managers will engage with potential clients and seek to offer them the unique services that this Company offers its current **** plus clients. Your key responsibilities will include: Plan and prioritise personal sales activities and customer/prospect contact towards achieving agreed business aims, including costs and sales  especially managing personal time and productivity. Plan and manage personal business portfolio/territory/business according to an agreed market development strategy. Maintain and develop existing and new customers through appropriate propositions and ethical sales methods, and relevant internal liaison, to optimise quality of service, business growth, and customer and satisfaction. Plan/carry out/support marketing activities to agreed budgets and timescales, and integrate personal sales efforts with other organized marketing activities, e.g., product launches, promotions, advertising, exhibitions and telemarketing. Ensure that targets set by the company are met and that staff reporting directly to you complies with processes put in place by you and the company. Ensure maximum possible customer retention by renewal sales process Communicate, liaise, and negotiate internally and externally using appropriate methods to facilitate the development of profitable business and sustainable relationships. Attend and present at external customer meetings and internal meetings with other company functions necessary to perform duties and aid business development. Skills and Experience Required Excellent communication and Interpersonal skills. Drive and energy Adaptability Resilience and determination. Creativity, and an ability to learn and absorb knowledge. Application of number Problem Solving, customer service Selling, negotiating and influencing Analysis and decisionmaking This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MajorSalesManager_job****