Title: EPN Civil Design Engineer
Webindex: 69146911
Company: Independent Ltd   UK Power Networks
Description: Job Purpose: Responsible for producing civil designs on UKPN NAMP/Connection projects from a scope provided by Project Managers, Customers or the Design manager and will include project costings to customer requirements for time, quality and budget. The designer will liaise with the Project Manager, CDMC, Electrical design manager ensuring compliance to design, CDM and relevant standards for the network solutions for all customers. Key Responsibilities: Production of Civil and Structural Designs, that can be constructed in compliance with standards and CDM requirementsProduce effective designs, which conform to all relevant Codes of Practice and company and industry standards in conjunction with Electrical engineering worksOversee and contribute to the production of technical, commercial and contractual documents for procurement of engineering productsEnsure compliance with all relevant legislation, regulations and company procedures.Compliance with design assurance and audit processes Supporting and mentoring other members of the team to enhance their technical knowledge and experience.Preparation of tenders and quotations, from specifications and drawings within defined periods.Provide an excellent service to the customer.Work as a Team Player in a dedicated team of Designers and EstimatorsLiaise with the operational teams to ensure a smooth process from initial enquiry through to final connection and business closure. Comply with the requirements of the designer as determined by the CDM Regulations (as amended in April ****) Ensure design eliminates/reduces any hazards which may give rise to risks; and reduce risks from any remaining hazards (in conjunction with CDM)Ensure designs provide sufficient information about aspects of the design of the structure or its construction or maintenance as will adequately assist clients, the CDM team, other designers and contractorsA strong civil / structural engineering background and experience in civil engineering and building works. Competence in resolving a significant range of technical civil engineering issues and in providing technical advice; a sound understanding of company standards and policies and their application to this role. Awareness of current and technological developments in civil / structural engineering. Ability to work with external engineering organisations and customers/stakeholders representing UKPN to best effect. A good safety culture and sound understanding of Construction Design and Management (CDM) Regulations and their application in this role. Ability to work unsupervised, set and comply with own targets, and identify and implement innovative cost saving solutions. Good team working skills A good level of business, environmental, safety, financial, and regulatory awareness.