Title: Powertrain Manufacturing Engineers
Webindex: 71290735
Company: Jaguar Land Rover Ltd
Description: We use the world’s most advanced manufacturing techniques to produce the world’s most desirable luxury vehicles. Because at Jaguar Land Rover, we pursue excellence in everything we do. Here, at the leading edge of the automotive sector, you’ll feel all the satisfaction and challenge that comes with that pursuit. You’ll hone new skills. You’ll develop the career you deserve. And you’ll enjoy unique rewards. As an experienced Manufacturing Engineer, you’ll relish this opportunity to be at the forefront of delivering advanced Power Train technology across our extensive and evergrowing product range. Our investment in Power Train Manufacturing Engineering is a key element of our constant quest for new ideas. Naturally, to create inspirational technology, we’re seeking skilled individuals who share our passion for innovation and quality. Based at our Engineering sites in the Midlands (but with the flexibility to spend time across other operations), whatever your area of expertise, you’ll provide vital support across Manufacturing Engineering, product development and launch activities. You’ll be a core member of an established team responsible for delivering Power Train programmes and associated machining, assembly and test processes. Working closely with Product Development Engineers, Faculty Vendors and Tooling Suppliers, you’ll make sure component and whole vehicle designs meet our globally renowned quality and efficiency standards. To join us, you’ll need to combine appropriate engineering or technical qualifications with a strong professional track record of delivering to tough schedules in Power Train or one of the disciplines above. You’ve got demonstrable knowledge of machining processes and facilities (particularly CNCs), together with proven experience across facility installation and commissioning, assembly and test operations, and the use of quality tools, such as DFMEA / PFMEA. Ideally, you’ll also have a working knowledge of lean manufacturing techniques, simulation and virtual toolsets. Naturally, excellent interpersonal and communication skills will also be a real advantage. On occasion you may be required to travel abroad on company business, or to carry out your duties outside the United Kingdom for extended periods. Travel home to the UK and expenses will be reimbursed in line with company policies. To discover more click here. Our employees have access to a privilege car purchase scheme, membership of a competitive pension plan, performance related bonus scheme and 26 days holiday entitlement. Please note, we reserve the right to close or extend this position depending on application numbers. Therefore we would urge candidates to submit an application as early as possible. Please read the information on our vacancies carefully as you are required to make one application only (multiple applications will be withdrawn). Jaguar Land Rover will review your application throughout the recruitment process and you will be considered for alternative roles at every stage of the process.