Title: Maintenance Manager 2518MMCH
Webindex: 65443159
Company: Pioneer Selection
Description: Overview: An excellent opportunity has become available for a Maintenance Manager to join a leading business. Responsible for managing an engineering team and ensuring all areas achieve and exceed target levels; this is a fantastic opportunity to join a large business and drive production forward. The Company: Our client is a large organisation within the manufacturing industry and has numerous sites across the globe. They have been established for over 70 years and have built up strong relationships with consumers worldwide. Our client is constantly developing innovative products and solutions to exceed their customer’s expectations. They currently turnover well into the millions and have grown considerably over the past 5 years. The Role of a Maintenance Manager: As a Maintenance Manager, you will be responsible for managing, supporting and developing the engineering team and leading process improvement projects. You must make sure all health safety and quality measures are maintained along with exceeding production levels. You would have around 9 direct reports but would be responsible for the whole department. Key Skills: The ideal candidate must have completed an engineering apprenticeship and have a sound managerial background. You must be a strong leader and have excellent communication skills as well as having the ability to motivate various sized teams. The ideal candidate will have been involved in continuous improvement activities and have worked on projects that have improved the site’s capacity. Benefits: Overtime, Pension, Healthcare, 25 Days Holiday Salary: Basic up to **** Commutable from: Daventry, Northamptonshire , Oxford, Oxfordshire, Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, Reading, Berkshire, Warwick, Warwickshire Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a: Maintenance Manager, Engineering Manager, and Factory Manager If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Alternatively for further details contact Andrew McFarlane on;  **** or Email: cvpioneerselection.co.uk Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MaintenanceManager2518MMCH_job****