Title: Aerospace Systems Engineer
Webindex: 67948368
Company: Stirling Dynamics Ltd
Description: Stirling Dynamics is a leading engineering consultancy specialising in dynamics, control, systems and structures engineering in the aerospace, marine and other industries. As a result of sustained growth within the Aerospace sector, we are looking to recruit **** Systems Engineers, one specialising in the area of Simulation and Dynamics and the other in Multibody Dynamics Simulation. The successful candidates will work in our Modelling and Simulation group at our Clifton village based offices in Bristol, providing control systems support / multibody simulation and dynamic analysis support to projects. Both Systems Engineer positions benefits from a diversity of customers and projects, spanning flight control systems, aircraft fuel systems, and landing gear systems. Key Accountabilities:  Take control of projects to ensure time scales are met, and commercial and technical objectives are achieved.  Support more junior engineers at a technical and professional level (depending on experience).  Interact with internal and external customers on a technical level, preparing reports and making presentations.  Follow engineering best practice methods.  Support new proposal development with work breakdown and hours / cost estimates. Qualifications, Skills and Knowledge: Essential  A degreelevel education in a relevant subject.  Strong mathematical skills.  Demonstrable ability to model and analyse dynamical systems using Laplace and/or MSC Adams.  Demonstrable familiarity with the mechanical physical domain.  Demonstrate ability to model and analyse dynamical systems using MATLAB and Simulink (dynamic analysis position).  Familiarity with one or more of the following physical domains: hydraulic, mechanical, electrical and thermodynamic.  An understanding of the engineering V V process applicable to modelling and simulation. Desirable It is recognised that candidates will not have experience in all areas, but relevant experience in one or more of the areas listed below is desirable:  Experience with other multibody modelling environments such as Virtual.Lab (for multibody post).  Experience of test specification development and results analysis.  Familiarity with one or more of the following physical domains: hydraulic, electrical, and thermodynamic.  Ability to specify and implement effective control algorithms.  Experience of managing and / or mentoring people.  Experience of developing technical proposals.  Appreciation of vehicular dynamics.  Knowledge of programming languages, in particular C/C++, Java, Python.  Knowledge of the Aerospace industry.  Suitability for UK SClevel security clearance. Keywords: MODELLING, MODELING, SIMULATION, CONTROL, LAPLACE, DYNAMICS, AEROSPACE, AIRCRAFT, SYSTEMS, FLIGHT, LANDING, GEAR, MSC, ADAMS, MULTIBODY, MATLAB, SIMULINK, AMESIM, LMS, VIRTUAL.LAB, IMAGINE.LAB, AMESIM, HYDRAULIC, MECHANICAL, ELECTRICAL, THERMODYNAMIC, C++, PYTHON, MSC, MULTIBODY, ADAMS.