Title: Project Manager Bids amp; Proposals
Webindex: 67769862
Description: Project Manager (Bids & Proposals) Are you looking to join a worldleading organisation in the defence sector that will challenge and develop your technical capabilities, and offer you the chance to work in developing, cuttingedge technologies?Our client is a leading multinational Defence systems provider which boasts some of most advanced facilities in their areas of expertise. At present the company employs well in excess of **** staff worldwide and continues to grow in parallel with the demand for their highly regarded services. We currently have multiple opportunities for a Project Manager available in Hertfordshire. Reporting to Executive levels, the Project Manager will be involved in bids and proposals and will define, plan, direct and deliver a number of small to medium sized contracts and projects, against business plan targets through cost control and schedule adherence. The Project Manager will manage stakeholder interfaces and maintain a high degree of focus on supporting the winning of new and followon business. The Bids and Proposals Project Manager will:  Manage and control contract cost at completions and cash flow, maximising margin and agreeing margin adjustment criteria.  Coordinate internal functions & directorates  Prepare reports covering business performance for area  Ensure project plans are defined, agreed and maintained  Prepare and maintain contract risk and opportunity plans/budgets and implement a project risk and opportunity management process  Negotiate with colleagues to approve contract changes  Establish and implement effective project management processes, tools and reporting mechanisms on achievement of the programme and budgets  Lead and direct multidisciplined project teams  Support the commercial/legal integrity of contracts with the customer and the effective management of the supply base  Ensure workload forecast is available for the sector in line with project and business plans  Develop & maintain key relationships with Customers & other external agencies  Generation and implementation of programme business improvement strategies Suitable candidates will have:  Strong practical project management skills and knowledge  Sound business judgement  Technical appreciation of complex business and technical problems  Strong communication skills  Extensive management experience, covering financial, commercial, schedule and technical aspects of projects.  Risk and Opportunity Management Skills  Strong planning skills  A proven competency and knowledge of the Defence Industry  Knowledge of the MoD customer  EVM experience would be an advantageous Please Note: Due to the nature of work undertaken at our client's site, incumbents of these positions are required to meet special nationality rules and therefore these vacancies are only open to sole British Citizens. Applicants who meet this criteria will also be required to undergo security clearance vetting, if not already security cleared to a minimum SC level. Flexibility for some travel (both UK and internationally) will be required within the role.If you are a good match then please apply with a CV to learn more about this truly fantastic opportunity to work for a market leader who has an enviable reputation. Key Words: Bid, Proposal, Project Manager, Cost, Defence, Ministry of Defence, MOD Electus Recruitment Solutions provides specialist engineering and technical recruitment solutions to a number of high technology industries. We thank you for your interest in this vacancy. If you don't hear from us within **** working days please presume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. You are of course free to resubmit your CV/details in the future and we shall assess your suitability at that time. Services advertised by Electus Recruitment Solutions are those of an Agency (perm). These roles are permanent positionsElectus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy