Title: Design Engineer  Recycle Manufacturing
Webindex: 69092068
Company: MPA Recruitment
Description: MPA Recruitment on behalf of our Dungannon based client has a fantastic opportunity for two Mechanical Design Engineers working within a well established and growing engineer company. If you are experienced in recycle machinery manufacturing; heavy plant machinery or agriculture machinery design experience then this could be the opportunity you ve been looking for Key responsibilities: . Reviewing all applicable job data, project plans and specifications to determine characteristics of order. . Establishing engineering objectives. . Scheduling work flow for drafters and other engineering staff. . Responsible for communicating with other departments to maintain schedules for purchasing, fabrication, manufacturing, inspection, startups, preparing and updating layouts. . Detailed drawings, calculations, specifications, and documenting instructions necessary for project success, . Generating new ideas for product improvement, reliability, cost reduction, documenting and updating design procedures, evaluating progress and results, and recommending changes in procedures. Criteria: Knowledge of 2D AutoCad, Solidworks or ProE. Four to five years Design experience in recycle machinery equipment ideally, although design experience in heavy plant machinery/agriculture machinery will be considered. You will be a truly excellent Design Engineer, able to demonstrate an understanding of Recycle Machinery / Heavy Plant manufacturing products and design innovative solutions to solve challenging technical problems. The position would be ideally suited to an individual who has excellent knowledge working their way up through the industry. A high achiever Mechanical Engineer graduate with post **** years experience, who can show great potential may also be considered. You will be hands on with a passion for learning and motivated to drive the product to customer delivery. Salary: Excellent competitive Market Salary / Package. Great opportunities for career progression How to apply: Please apply via the link below attaching your most recent CV or contact Colin  MPA Recruitment on **** **** for a confidential chat.