Title: Production Lead
Webindex: 69080997
Company: JP Aero
Description: JP AERO require the services of a production area leader for one of our prestigious clients in the Wrexham area. The production area leader will be responsible for ensuring performance to established safety, quality and productivity standards and best practices through engagement and involvement of work cell employees. In addition, they will lead the continuous improvement process to optimize safety, quality and productivity within defined manufacturing system and process limits through Area Improvement Teams and other best practice approaches. Responsibilities Day To Day Operations Lead the work Area Team. Communicate and reinforce expectations. Monitor performance and take corrective actions to ensure compliance with SHE and Quality and best practices and productivity targets by executing the performance management process. (i.e. SHE leading indicators, 1st pass yield, CSR complaints and REM Ensure work cell resources are adequate to meet plan (Right people in the right role at the right time) Drive meaningful yearoveryear improvement within established boundaries via employee engagement and continuous improvement tools, such as workout, kaizen, lean sigma, etc. Participate in the development of work cell operating plan (Key X s, Labour Plan, Budget etc.) and action plans. Support cross functional, plantwide improvement initiatives (i.e. Ergonomics project) Provides visible leadership and involves whole team in improvement activities to grow skills and increase engagement. Training All shift team leaders and area operators have been properly trained and understand SHE, Quality, Productivity and Continuous Improvement processes. Ensure work cell team members are qualified and capable of meeting expectations. Performance Accountable for holding team members accountable for their performance, including taking appropriate corrective action and disciplinary action if performance or behaviour is not sustained Goal Setting Work Cell goals are identified and aligned with operations Key X s Work Cell goals are communicated to the work cell employees Shift Team Leader goals are aligned to the work cells performance Competencies Courage Collaboration and Acts with Integrity Performance and Result Orientated Communication Influence Decision Making Planning Education Bachelors of Science, Engineering or equivalent relevant experience. Work History Minimum 5years manufacturing/ engineering leadership role An obvious history of roles that clearly demonstrate successful Team Leadership, Problem Solving, Lean Improvement and business results Clear understanding of Lean principles with demonstrated utilization and significant results Leadership of continuous improvement team initiative with significant results Leadership of Sixsigma problem solving team initiatives with significant results Organizational Knowledge Areas Understand Company Safety Standards and Procedures Understand Company Quality System and Procedures Understand Manufacturing Planning System and Procedures Understand of Area manufacturing processes Understand key operational metrics and performance management systems