Title: Heat Transfer Engineer
Webindex: 63045681
Company: Charles Francis Cooper
Description: Heat Transfer Engineer (principal provide support in creating and maintaining processes, product specifications, and of validation of analysis tools through testing, engine testing, and field experience of relevant products and components. You will also support field fault investigations, answering technology questions, and solving generic problems. Successful candidates will be educated to degreelevel or equivalent and have turbomachinery related knowledge of heat transfer, materials and thermostructural analysis. You will also have experience in the application of FEM analysis for fluid flow and heat transfer. Knowledge and experience with software development and maintenance, as well as well developed skills in project management and problem solving techniques are also desirable for this role. You will be working in an Englishspeaking environment and whilst any knowledge of German would be highly advantageous, it is not essential. Aerothermal support within the Turbine Group including: secondary air system, structural thermal analysis, and turbine vane/blade cooling. Carry out thermal analysis on gas turbine components, including: • Designing turbine component cooling systems • producing FE component models (blades, vanes, discs, rotor, casings, exhausts) • determining component temperatures, cooling air flow requirements • evaluate test data • developing new tools and methods, and supporting/running technology programmes. • required to guide and mentor more junior team members, but no direct disciplinary responsibility EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS] • 1st degree in Mechanical Engineering, Aeronautical Engineering or similar. • Must have done options in fluid mechanics and heat transfer and preferably turbomachinery or power systems COMPETENCIES Knowledge & Skills: • Fluid mechanics/ heat transfer mandatory. The following are highly desirable: • Computational fluid dynamics (CFD – especially CFX) • Computer programming (Fortran) • Solid modeling and FE (UG, PATRAN, ANSYS etc…) Experience: Relevant experience in a multidisciplinary design environment is highly preferred, with hands on experience of fluid mechanics and/or heat transfer. So do you think you have what it takes? Salary competitive (cannot advertise I am sorry so please call to find) (Charles Francis Cooper are acting as an employment agency)