Title: Engineering Coordinator
Webindex: 69082996
Company: Dart Recruitment Ltd
Description: On behalf of our client who plays a leading role in the UK energy infrastructure we are seeking to recruit an Engineering Coordinator. The role of the Engineering Coordinator is to identify, define and coordinate multiple teams, activities and projects and to take on Special Projects. The Coordinator will help to anticipate problems and develop early solutions and play a key role in ensuring engineering activities are effectively coordinated to ensure safety and reliability. Responsibilities include: liaising with the all department to ensure that the engineering function is appropriate, undertaken effectively and efficiently. Activities: Conduct regular meetings with the Stake Holders to review status, performance and way forward, including related to interface and Engineering issues. Work independently, when required, to research topics and organize results to logically explain the situation, forecast potential issues, offer suite of possible solutions, and prepare a well thought out recommendation(s). Capability to react quickly and adapt to new circumstances. Possess a sound understanding of a broad range of engineering disciplines; with an ability to logically consider multiple perspectives within an engineering context. Assists in maintaining compliance with all Regulatory permit constraints. Assists to optimise operations to achieve best in class overall efficiency performance. Assists in asset management performance improvement. Have knowledge and awareness of their discipline, and related disciplines, and their developments across the entire operation. Liaise between the Project Team, the other groups to promote Project awareness. Demonstrate a strong leadership commitment and spirit of working within an integrated team. Meet timeline commitments without compromising the core principles that the engineering function is based on. Ensure the provision of effective engineering expertise, acting as site focal point for engineering assistance, directing and controlling activities to ensure work is adequately prioritised, planned and executed and that objectives are met. Support ongoing operations in troubleshooting. Closing the loop, there is often a big push to make relevant changes but then priorities move elsewhere the post holder requires strength of character to ensure closure on coordinated activities. Assist in the coordination, planning of engineering functions to achieve all engineering criteria: Process Technology, Facility Engineering Act as the single point of contact with the processing and progress chasing of Warranty Issues in writing between the Company Representative and the Contractor Representative by utilizing the Defect / Warranty Claim processes. Acting as site focal point for warrantee assistance, directing and controlling activities to ensure work is adequately prioritised, planned and executed and that objectives are met. Communication with vendors regarding warranty issues and assisting the setting up OEM maintenance contracts. Provide assistance in incident investigations competent in root cause analysis techniques (RCA), to ensure future problems are not allowed to develop by recommending corrective and preventive actions. Produce, maintain and periodically collate information for the production of a suite of monthly, quarterly and annual reports on costs, progress and Departmental activities, including Term Services, which are available for Service Order requesters and management use as appropriate. Assist in the implementation of plant projects and maintain technical integrity through proper documentation management, in conjunction with the Document Control Department. Minimum Requirements: HNC in major engineering discipline or equivalent e.g. NQF Level 4/**** engineering competency based. Extensive, broad relevant plant or projects experience in industry. IT literate and fully conversant with Microsoft Office suite and in particular Microsoft Project. Ability to work in a Team as both a leader and player and open to new ideas