Title: CNC Turner / CNC
Webindex: 69169039
Company: Websense Recruit
Description: The Role: CNC Turner Salary and Benefits: **** per hour. The Client: Our client is a Precision Manufacturing company who offer tooling design and development, through subcontract component manufacture. Duties and Responsibilities: Working as CNC Turner you will be based in Worcester. You will be tasked with: Job Title: CNC Turner. Reports to: Factory Manager. Responsible for: Programming, Setting, and operating various CNC Lathes. Job Duties: To programme, set and operate CNC Lathes (Doosan; Okuma Howa; Colchester.) To inspect/measure accuracy of components produced. To work with other CNC Turners to maximise machine running times. To maintain appropriate tooling for various components. To complete component router time sheets. To follow safety procedures. Candidate Requirements: You will have good working knowledge/experience of Fanuc or similar control systems. The successful applicant must be able to programme, set and operate CNC lathes producing close tolerance components in small, medium size batches. We operate in modern premises and our order book is strong. There is a basic ****  hour week, but regular overtime is available. How to progress your application: If you feel this role fits your experience and background then please apply for the role using the 'apply' button. Due to the amount of applications received to our online adverts, our client is only able to contact successful candidates. If you have not received correspondence within 21 days then please assume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. Thank you for reading this advertisement. This vacancy is being advertised by Fill Your Specialist Role. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of gender, race, colour, sexual orientation, age, religion, or disability. We will gladly accept applications from all sections of the community Keywords: CNC Turner, CNC, Worcester, Kidderminster, Fanuc, Haas, Doosan, Okuma Howa, Worcestershire, This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CNCTurnerCNC_job****