Title: Technical Sales/Proposals Engineer
Webindex: 72629043
Company: Castle Employment Agency
Description: Due to year on year growth my client are now seeking an experienced Technical Sales/Proposals Engineer to join the Technical Sales/Proposals Team. My client is the largest company in the worl dedicated to providing Metering computer systems to the oil and gas industry. Now employing over **** staff in the North Yorkshire Head office and having further offices in Stirlingshire, Dubai and Malaysia. Due to year on year growth my client are now seeking an experienced Technical Sales/Proposals Engineer to join the Proposals Team. My client is the largest company in the world dedicated to providing Metering computer systems to the oil and gas industry. Now employing over **** staff in the North Yorkshire Head office and having further offices in Stirlingshire, Dubai and Malaysia. The successful candidate will play a vital role within the organisation and very much compliment the existing Technical Sales/Proposals Engineering team. The purpose of the role will be: &x2022 To produce technically compliant proposals from an initial customer enquiry through to final submission within an agreed deadline &x2022 For you to be involved in all stages of the proposals process requiring you to constantly interact with internal engineers, the Proposals Manager and other members of the management team within the organisation &x2022 Very customer driven therefore be very flexible and must be capable of understanding each customers exacting requirements. &x2022 Able to submit the proposals document to the customer via various channels including face to face presenting. The role will involve overseas travel. The ideal candidate will have the following skills and experiences: &x2022 Must have working experience in the preparation of written technical documentation &x2022 The ability to produce technically compliant proposals within strict deadlines &x2022 Possess a relevant Engineering based qualification or be working towards &x2022 Significant working experience of Microsoft Office packages in particular Word and Excel &x2022 Have familiarity with drawing packages such as AutoCAD and MS Visio &x2022 Advantageous to have familiarity with Control systems including (DCS and SCADA) &x2022 Also advantageous to have familiarity of Metering computer systems In return you will receive a competitive basic salary depending on experience, skills and knowledge. Industry specific Training will be provided depending on the skill gap. You will also receive an attractive benefits package including a companywide profit share scheme.