Title: Spares Engineer
Webindex: 70608566
Company: ATA Recruitment
Description: Role: Spares Engineer Location: Leicestershire Salary: **** ****  bonus  pension  28 days holiday (rising to ****) The Company ATA Recruitment is working with a leading company which designs, supplies and services capital equipment into industries such as power generation, nuclear and energy. Based in the heart of the Midlands they are now looking for a Spares Engineer to support the Sales Director in order to achieve their ambitious growth plans. Over the next 10 years they are looking to achieve 10% year on year organic growth and in order to achieve this, they need to recruit a talented and experienced Spares Engineer to join their business. The Candidate Minimum HNC / HND in Electrical / Electronic Engineering. Minimum of 12 months experience within a stock control, stores management, internal engineer, spares engineer or a hands on engineering type position. Excellent organisational skills as role will require managing all spares enquires throughout the UK and oversees. Experience purchasing parts from multiple suppliers would be advantageous. The Role Reporting directly to the Sales Director your role will be based out of my clients UK site in Leicestershire. 100% office based you will be responsible for managing all spares for Power related and PLC Components. 99% of your role will be reactive to incoming spares enquiries working closely with senior engineers throughout the UK and overseas. The Spares Engineer will be responsible for organising spares for current and future projects. Sourcing parts and prices from various UK Updating and creating the Spares CRM system for future business. Creating spares lists for all aftermarket components and suppliers. Liaising with 3rd party suppliers for prices and technical information to include supplier price and contract negotiation. Managing and organising the spares department along with selling any spares from past projects. Spares You will also be heavily involved in Reverse Engineering, establishing product niches in key markets and working with the internal teams to create a product for that particular sector. This role offers a great deal of progression, within a **** year time frame you could move into either a sales, projects or hands on engineering type role. Interested? Please contact Marie Burdett (Talent Resourcer) on (Apply online only) or email . Alternatively click the Apply button below