Title: Senior Mechanical Engineer – ****D data
Webindex: 71762514
Company: FINTEC Recruit Ltd
Description: Our client is an international engineering support organisation working in marine, oil and gas, nuclear, rail, defence and renewable sectors. Technical Responsibilities: • Provide cost/timescale information and progress reporting. • Provide design solutions for the nuclear industry and coordinate the production of design schemes, design proposal drawings, general assemblies, functional specifications/functional requirements documents, technical reports and studies, design justification reports. • Identify or respond to task variations through formal change control. • Take responsibility for delivery of multidiscipline work package to programme, budget and required quality. • Able to manage several teams of designers and engineers and undertake checking of mechanical deliverables. Responsibilities in relation to the management of 3D data: • Experience with 3D modelling systems, preferably Inventor. • Experience with 3D Data Management, preferably Autodesk Vault. • Experience in other CAD modelling packages an advantage. • Experience in handling large and complex CAD models an advantage. • Ability to propose project specific modelling plan (including model breakdown, datum`s, level of detail etc.) • Able to propose project specific CAD resource requirements. • Ability to propose project specific software and hardware requirements, where required. • Support and maintain the Vault structure. • Support less experienced staff with respect to CAD and Data Management. • Ability to oversee and verify the CAD output. • Support project and customer CAD related meetings, where required. • Support the preparation or project specific CAD related documentation and processes. Key Skills and Experience • Recent experience of producing mechanical design deliverables for mechanical handling equipment, special purpose machinery, lifting equipment etc. • Working knowledge and experience in applying relevant EH S issues as required by legislation (and applicable directives). • Has presented at designers risk assessments/design reviews and ideally HAZOP studies. • Working knowledge of AutoCAD. • Good knowledge of fabrication techniques. • Good knowledge of achievable manufacturing accuracy. • Ideally will have some 'hands on' experience. • Good knowledge of Geometric tolerancing, weld symbols, limits and fits, surface finish. • Good working knowledge of commonly used materials and standards. Qualifications • Preferably degree qualified (HNC minimum) with significant technical experience. Preferably will have nuclear experience. • SC clearance would be an advantage. Full details on application. Please send your C.V. to apply and quote Ref: **** Applicants must have the right to work in the UK. To find out more call Audrey Parker on **** **** or email your CV.