Title: Software Process Engineer  EMS
Webindex: 69249268
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Software Engineer with experience from the Automotive Market to work on a variety or Systems from Powertrain to Infotainment. Important Previous Automotive exposure. CAN Bus, Embedded Software The Job Overview: We are looking for a Software Process Engineer to join our Engine Management Systems software team located at our Engineering centre in Coventry. We have specialist teams focusing on powertrain, infotainment and safety systems, thermal systems and rotating machines for a variety of automotive and offhighway manufacturers. Role/Responsibilities: This role will provide you with the opportunity to take responsibility for scheduling and making software phase builds, XML based documentation and associated tasks. Also, making and checking reflash software files. You will regularly communicate with systems and software engineers based in the UK, Japan and Sweden to define the specification and ensure quality. The preparation and maintenance of timing plans, quality improvements activities and process related problem solving and reporting will all be part of your remit. Requirements: You will typically have a passion for technical products and are likely to have an HNC or equivalent in electronics or comparable education with a focus on electronics or electrical software. You will be highly pc literate, in particular the use of Excel including experience of creating and using macros. A working knowledge of automotive systems, ideally engine management systems, would be useful. You will also have experience of embedded software processes, in particular: compiler/linker tools, repository control (VSS or equivalent), CANalyzer, ASAP**** (ASAM), ISO14229 (OBD scan tool) and INCA (data acquisition tool). You will be comfortable working either independently or in teams and will demonstrate strong communication skills. You should be highly selfmotivated and able to take initiative. Languages / Travel: You will be expected to undertake occasional business travel, sometimes overseas, to support test activities. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK