Title: MultiSkilled Asset Care Engineers
Webindex: 72480630
Company: Molson Coors
Description: MultiSkilled Asset Care Engineers BurtononTrent ****K  excellent benefits, product allowance and competitive shift allowance We are currently recruiting for a number of MultiSkilled Asset Care Engineers, working onsite at our largest brewery in the UK, in BurtononTrent. Here at Molson Coors we have an ambition to be a Top 4 Global Brewer and to help make this happen we are investing in the future of our brands by driving a relentless innovation agenda. To support this we have committed to spend a significant amount of money to reenergise the Burton Brewery as part of our Masterplan programme. The next step in making this investment real is happening in the Bottling department, where the way we package our brands is having a complete overhaul with the introduction of a brand new state of the art bottle line. This is an exciting time and a real opportunity to amaze our customers and reduce our costs. As one of our Asset Care Engineers, you ll have a pivotal role to play in making this opportunity a reality. You will be responsible for project work within the team to establish Equipment Management best practice, and you will learn in detail, the new equipment, how it works and how its performance can be optimised. You will become an expert in both process and equipment on a defined zone, with the ability to convert learnings into Risk Assessments, Standard Operating Procedures to support the integration of the new equipment into the brewery. At Molson Coors Brewing Company, our vision is simple  we seek to delight the world s beer drinkers while securing our future as a toptier global brewer. We re the UK s second largest brewer and the European subsidiary of Molson Coors  the global family brewer. We boast Europe s largest brewery and brew some 7 million barrels of beer a year. Available in over 30 countries, our brands include Carling, Grolsch, Coors Light, Worthington s and White Shield, all of which are brewed by our exceptional people in locations throughout the UK. We innovate in all that we do. Right now we ve set our sights on becoming one of the 4 most profitable brewers in the world and are using our brand and peoplepower to get us there. We re committed to refining our established drinks and developing exciting new ones, creating brands that people love and giving talented, ambitious people the opportunity to prove what they can do in a competitive and exciting marketplace where the challenges  and rewards  come thick and fast. To become a top four global brewer, we need to build a team of extraordinary people For these roles we are looking for high performing, MultiSkilled Engineers with a solid knowledge of manufacturing and relevant environmental, health and safety procedures. You will have an Intermediate level engineering qualification as a minimum, covering both Electrical and Mechanical disciplines, and ideally be Apprentice trained previously. You ll also need the ability to build relationships and communicate effectively across the business