Title: AV Custom Installation Engineer
Webindex: 69776895
Company: AV Jobs
Description: The Opportunity As an AV Custom Install Engineer, you will perform handson installation of a wide range of bespoke integrated AV and home automation systems. You will install a wide variety of kit, including multiroom audio visual equipment, control systems, home cinema systems and full home automation into exclusive residential properties in the UK, in London. You will be required to build (off site) and install custom racks and structured cabling systems. You will also undertake cable pulling and cable terminations. To successfully deliver on each project, you will need to use problem solving and fault finding skills. You will work within a team of professional AV and IT experts, delivering Custom Install solutions to high standards. As the Installation Engineer, you will work as part of a team alongside experienced engineers, who will offer support and help you build on your existing skill set, to gain a working understanding of control systems programming and system design and commissioning. The role will require you to work closely with other professionals, taking direction and using your initiative to achieve the desired results. Sites will include highend residential properties of very high net worth individuals in London and the rest of the UK, therefore you must be well presented and wellmannered at all times, with the ability to communicate well with a wide range of people. There are excellent opportunities for career progression in the long term, and to keep up to date with the cutting edge of home AV and home automation technology, whilst working on unique and exciting projects. Your Skills, Qualities and Achievements Must be a proven audio visual installation engineer with experience of high end home cinema and multiroom AV systems, ideally with some exposure to commercial/corporate AV also. The following skills are essential and you must be able to demonstrate experience of these: cable pulling, cable terminations, rack building, screen hanging/installation. Technical expertise in some or all of the following would be beneficial: Multiroom AV systems, Home Cinema systems, Structured Cabling and rack building; Control Systems (specifically Control**** Crestron, Lutron, KNX, CBus and IP networking knowledge), home networks/ home IT. Personal attributes should include being a team player who is highly organised, will take responsibility for delivering customer satisfaction and come up with creative solutions to difficult problems. A full UK driving license is essential. Must be flexible and willing to work away from home (with overnight stays) for short periods and occasional work on evenings and weekends. Must be based within a reasonable commuting distance of South West London/North East Surrey. The Organisation Established Custom Install a Home Automation specialists, with enviable clients and project portfolio. This company has made its name designing, project managing and installing very highend, futureproof home automation, entertainment and control systems utilising the latest cutting edge technologies. Based in South West London, the company are a successful and growing business with ambitious plans to capitalise on the vast opportunities offered by London and the South of England s highend residential market. The Recruiters AV Jobs are specialists in providing a first class recruitment service for professional sales and marketing people, engineers and programmers throughout the UK and EMEA. Our markets include Audio Visual, Technology, Telecoms and Office Equipment. We have an established reputation  with clients and candidates alike  for keeping things simple, straightforward and uncomplicated