Title: Project Manager  Business and Performance
Webindex: 70078224
Company: MBDA UK Limited
Description: MBDA is currently recruiting for a Project Manager  Business and Performance. The purpose of the Project Manager  Business and Performance is to assist the B P Manager / Exec to define, plan, direct and deliver the projects/contracts, within the Sector, against business plan targets through rigorous cost control and schedule adherence. Manage stakeholder interfaces, including Customers, subcontractors interface with internal Functions and Sectors to ensure accurate reporting of progress against all aspects of contract performance. Will also involve bidding activities associated with followon DM Production and export related contracts MBDA (Defence) based in Stevenage is a world leading, global missile systems company, delivering cuttingedge technologies to our multinational customer base. It operates in all of the major world markets and is the only company able to design and produce missiles and missile systems for army, navy and air forces. Please note that in order to apply for MBDA UK opportunities you will need to be eligible for SC (Secret Level) UK Security Clearance Accountabilities for a Project Manager  Business and Performance include: Support and manage contract cost at completions, maximising margin ensuring cost base is minimised. Manage and control the cost base. Coordinate interfaces with internal functions directorates Prepare reports covering business performance for area i.e. Project Reviews. Ensure project WBS`s, CCS`s and project plans are defined, agreed and maintained. Prepare and maintain contract risk and opportunity plans/budgets. Negotiate and in conjunction with the Brimstone PM, Commercial and Finance Executives approve contract changes. Establish and implement effective project management processes, tools and reporting mechanisms on achievement of the programme and budgets Negotiate and maintain top level plans, objectives and SOW. Support and direct multidisciplined project teams and encourage strong team working both within and beyond the B P function. Support the B P Manager / Exec sector B P team (commercial finance), where appropriate, on the commercial/legal integrity of contracts with the customer and the effective management of the supply base. Plan, load and control contract budgets iaw the defined WBS. Maintain topical set of project task directives and amendments /CPAS`s. Ensure workload forecast is available for the sector in line with project and business plans. Develop maintain key relationships with Customers SubContractors and other external agencies as applicable. Support S BD in the delivery of Project related bids. Benefits at MBDA include flexible working, a comprehensive pension scheme, discounted private healthcare scheme, paid overtime (subject to level of role), sporting activities, fantastic site facilities, bonus schemes, superb learning and development opportunities, plus many others If you would like to apply for the Project Manager  Business and Performance role, please click `apply now` where you will be taken through to our application page.