Title: Video Simulation Engineer Simulation Engineer
Webindex: 68364377
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: Video Simulation Engineer Simulation Engineer roles based in Hertfordshire working for a leading technologies client. Location: Hertfordshire, United Kingdom Salary: ****k  benefits The Role Develop models of hardware designs and work with hardware to verify the correctness of both. The video simulator team is the first stage in turning a design into reality. They are responsible for developing models of future hardware to verify the designs are sound, to act as a reference model for hardware to match, and to provide the software teams with an early development platform. Team members typically perform a variety of tasks within this area, including design research, software development and test. Primary responsibilities will include Design, code and debug of software models of digital hardware designs. Support of internal hardware and software teams using the models. Test suite development  including writing prototype drivers and test applications. Support of external customers integrating the designs into product. Maintenance of the infrastructure for the above. Required Skills C programming / C++ programming. Some understanding of digital electronic design. Desirable Skills SystemC would be an advantage. Some knowledge of video codec standards or video processing algorithms would be helpful. Scripting and/or database experience. Personal Attributes Proactive Problem solver Approachable, good communication skills Good personal organization with effective prioritization and time management skills Working Environment Within a small, skilled team with varied backgrounds. Proactive individuals rapidly gain responsibility and influence in the company. Qualifications A good degree in software, electronics or similar. Motivation Factors The video simulation team is central to the success of the company s work, with key input into the design of future products. It is the centre of expertise on a design, where all the elements are brought together at a level that enables understanding of the interactions between its elements in a way that is difficult to gain when working in lower level languages. There are many interesting challenges. Career Development Opportunities The team has a variety of experience to draw on  there are opportunities to learn from other people on a daily basis. External training is organised as required. Individuals who take responsibility for solving problems will move up through the team, gaining team and project leadership and increased responsibility within the broader company. Roles within the company are not fixed  career development will reflect the skills and attitudes of each person. PLEASE NOTE FOR THIS CLIENT YOU MUST HOLD EITHER A VALID BRITISH PASSPORT, EU PASSPORT, HSMP VISA (TIER **** OR TIER ****) OR POST STUDY WORK VISA If you feel you have the necessary skills and experience for this opportunity please email me your CV for immediate consideration and I will send over the relevant job description for immediate review. I would also like to draw your attention to our candidate referral scheme. If you can recommend a friend or colleague to us, who we subsequently place, then you will receive **** in gift vouchers. View our latest jobs today at URL removed and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position.