Title: Graduate Field Service Engineers
Webindex: 68586435
Company: W5 Recruitment
Description: We are currently recruiting for a company that provides industrial and municipal customers with a one stop shop for water, wastewater and environmental solutions. Part of a global group with a reputation for high quality design and engineering the company is now looking to recruit several Graduate Field Service Engineers. This role, though initially based in Peterborough, will involve travelling throughout the World so the successful candidates must be prepared to spend time away from home at short notice. As a Graduate Field Service Engineer (GFSE) you will be working in highpressure environments and will enjoy a high level of visibility in the project. You will need to be skilled in analysing a situation and problem solving. Your responsibilities will include plant commissioning, operation, system optimisation and maintenance of equipment at customer sites. Occasionally, you will be required to be on callout duty and remain at an assigned job site until the task is completed. As our main link to the customer, while at site, you will ensure project targets and expectations are met. Managing these expectations, responding to customer needs in line with commercial and technical specifications of the Company's services is the key to your success. The successful candidates will have a science or engineering degree (min: ****:****), a full clean driving licence and an ability to travel without restriction. You will need excellent communications skills and confidence when dealing with people at all levels of an organisation, in individual or team situations. The ability to manage customer relationships in a daytoday operational environment is essential. The company believe in giving the staff responsibility right from the start of their careers. The Field Service group is supported with technical and process training to develop personally as well as professionally. The company offer a very competitive salary and benefit package, opportunity to travel plus the chance to work in a small, motivated team where your ideas are both valued and encouraged. The company consider the biggest reward in working for them lies in the prospects for future career prospects. Being a new company in the ever growing 'green' industry they expect many opportunities for career advancement for Field Service talent. The company believes in promoting from within the business. Positions in Applications Engineering, Field Service Management, Project Management, and Plant Management will all be recruited from the Field Service group, once the candidates have proven competence with the technologies and fully developed a Service mentality. Most of the current senior management team started their careers as Field Service Engineers.