Title: Principal Electronics Design Engineer
Webindex: 69008222
Company: LPA
Description: Principal Electronics Design Engineer around ****  Pension  Genuine Career Prospects The Company: Based in West Yorkshire, LPAExcil Electronics, a leading LED lighting specialist and part of the LPA Group PLC, are seeking to expand their well established design and development team with the addition of a Principal Electronics Design Engineer. Excil Electronics was established in 1982 and became part of the LPA Group PLC in **** The company is involved in the electronic design and manufacture of LED lighting systems for high reliability markets. The core business is railway rolling stock interior lighting but significant growth in recent years is attributed to development of business in several new market sectors. The Role: Reporting to the Engineering Manager, the position represents a real opportunity for an ambitious and motivated electronic design engineer wishing to join a market leading and developing company with great future prospects and clear plans for growth. The role will involve taking a lead in the design of the companies ever expanding product range, specifically looking at: Switched mode power supplies DC to DC converters LED power supplies LED light engines You will be involved in projects from concept to production involving all aspects of the products electronic design and development, including PCB layout, design for EMC and design for manufacture. Required Experience: LPA are looking for an experienced electronics design engineer who is looking for a lead role or someone who can be developed into this role quickly. Design experience in switched mode power supplies, DC to DC converters or LED power supplies is essential but training will be given in the other areas to develop your skills. LED knowledge again would be beneficial but not essential. The role involves supporting other members of the design team, liaising with the mechanical engineering discipline and working closely with internal departments including manufacturing, purchasing and commercial so the ability to build strong working relationships is important. An academic qualification in an appropriate discipline is required as is a good background of relevant experience in electronic design. Benefits: There is an excellent salary and benefits package on offer plus genuine prospects for technical and professional advancement. The Managing Director was formally an electronics design engineer here and the engineering manager held the post of senior electronics design engineer before getting promoted. You will be working for a secure and growing business that really looks after its team, a company that people want to work for and stay with, in a challenging role within a supportive working environment. To apply please follow the online instructions, alternatively please contact Andrew Bairstow at the Leeds office of Ata Recruitment Ltd on (Apply online only) for a confidential discussion. All 3rd party applications will be forwarded to ATA Recruitment Ltd who are working with LPA Excil Electronics on a retained basis. You must be eligible to live and work in the UK to be considered for the role