Title: HEAD OF PROJECT MANAGEMENT  RENEWABLES / CONSTRUCTION
Webindex: 69267171
Company: Jarvis King Associates Ltd
Description: Head of Project Management Team Due to continued growth, our client, an international renewables engineering consultancy, require an experienced Implementation Team Leader to join their team in Glasgow. This Company is one of the UK s leading technical advisory organizations, specializing in renewable energy power generation, including wind, solar, hydro, and marine and bio energy technologies. The successful candidate will be responsible for the delivery of multidisciplinary Technical Advisor projects to time, budget and client satisfaction Line management of a team of project managers and project engineers Training, mentoring and performance development of team members Coordination of renewable energy consulting projects during development and construction in the UK and overseas Coordination and leadership of multidisciplinary project teams Reporting on projects internally and to clients Reviewing reports and other work Managing subcontracted consultants where required for specific projects Supporting business development activities such as preparing project proposals and meeting potential clients Development of internal project management tools and other procedures. Continuously monitoring work to ensure QSE compliance Conducting project site visits in the UK and overseas All applicants must hold a Degree qualification in an engineering discipline or similar. Significant experience in construction (ideally Renewable Energy, but not essential) Experience with procurement, tendering and contracting. Experience in lender financing and the financial close process. Experience in people management. Have an excellent understanding of consultancy practice and commercial awareness. Have proven project management experience. Strong clientfacing skills and confident communicator with smart appearance and a high level of problem solving ability and initiative. Driving licence valid for use in the UK. Strong IT skills particularly in MS Word and Excel. Willingness to travel in the UK and internationally. This company is growing rapidly and offers excellent longterm career prospects. Along with an attractive salary and benefits package, the company fully believes in providing support and training to encourage both personal and professional development. For further information or a confidential chat please call Laura Thomson on **** **** ****