Title: Korean speaking Junior PA
Webindex: 68678904
Company: Appointments BiLanguage
Description: Junior PA with Korean **** The company My client is a global leader in the technology sector who is looking for a Korean speaking Junior PA to support the President in the UK. The role This is a diverse and stimulating role for a native Korean speaker with a grounding in executive support Key Responsibilities: Diary, Meeting and Event Management  Based on the instructions of President complete diary management including organising meetings/conferences, collating documentation for meetings and presentations.  Agreeing/consulting diary managements with related departments, European Headquarter and Global Headquarter.  Managing the schedules of Senior Management who directly report to the President.  Taking a forwardthinking approach to calendar management, task prioritisation and logistical organisation.  Coordinate complex and/or critical events meetings, making all necessary arrangements, preparing advance documentation and ensuring appropriate recording and followup of actions. Projects and Presentations  Development, organisation and execution of project work in a timely manner.  Summarise, Process Analyse Market Information.  Provide research, analysis and feedback on relevant business issues.  Updating presentation materials, working on various projects. Communication  Communicates up and down, inside and outside the organisation by using appropriate means.  Draft speeches and correspondence for President, ensuring effective communication. General Administrative Duties  Minute taking at group management meetings.  Prioritise, acknowledge and distribute correspondence.  Meeting and greeting visitors and guests, arranging refreshments etc  Arranging travel and accommodation  Liaising with internal and external clients and customers via telephone, fax and email  Daily administration and maintenance of office facilities  Client database management  Implementation/management of effective filing systems.  Proactive in maintenance of 1st records and updating computer and file records.  Prioritisation of workload. General  Adherence to all company policies and procedures.  Adherence to compliance and other legal regulatory processes.  Any additional adhoc duties as requested by the President. The candidate  Working knowledge of Korean language  Experience in the interpretation and preparation of complex documents and reports.  Experience and understanding of management information and the effective use of technology.  Willingness flexibility to work outside the normal working hours when required.  Ability to demonstrate real achievement in dealing with complex issues  IT/PC Skills  Microsoft Package: Word, Excel, Powerpoint, email and internet systems  Effective communication both verbally and written.  Time Management skills.  Professional telephone manner.  Accurate and speedy data entry (**** wpm).  Understanding of compliance and other legal processes.  Effective use of Microsoft Office products and 1st Software.  ProActive, enthusiastic, conscientious and thorough.  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills  Good organisational and administration skills attributes  Highly focussed and capable of sustaining a fast pace in a dynamic environment  Robust in constructively challenging perceived wisdom and existing practice  Ability to communicate at all levels frequently with counterparts in the United States  Prolonged use of Effective prioritising and time management skills  Strong character and confident in decision making process  a computer and telephone  Willing to work overtime, weekends and holidays occasionally, when required This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/KoreanspeakingJuniorPA_job****