Title: Systems Engineer (Defence Industry)
Webindex: 70344742
Company: Gold Group Limited
Description: We are actively looking for an experienced Systems Engineer within the Defence sector in West Yorkshire, this role is a permnanent staff position and been created due to a recent contract win from the MOD. If you have experience of Systems Engineering in the UK Defence sector please read on The duties will include Systems Engineering activities relating to modification of existing equipment as well as the development of new items. Parts of the system are safety critical SIL**** Our client is prime for system design authority and system integrator and as such will provide supprt to extensive user trials, as such anybody with trials and acceptance experience would be very much of interest. Responsibilities: Lead the management of relationships with MoD technical stakeholders. Experience delivering technical solutions to cost, timescale and functional requirements in the UK Defence sector. Manage (technically) subcontract organisations. Identify and mitigate technical risks. Development of test, trials and acceptance strategies. Competencies: Proven experience of developing complex systems for safety critical applications. Requirments Analysis experience. Producing derived requirements and allocation into system architecture. Modelling techniques such as use cases, functional and state models, UML, MODAF/DoDAF. If this sounds of interest please get in touch for a complete and detailed job spec. This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK s leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we ve got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business.