Title: CNC Machine Tool Service Engineer  Midlands
Webindex: 71676081
Company: Alliance Consulting
Description: CNC Service Engineer  Midlands, (Birmingham, Worcestershire, Warwickshire, Oxfordshire, Staffordshire) My client is the leading supplier of machine tools and manufacturing solutions in the UK. Sales have been running at excellent levels and to support this growth, they are urgently looking to employ a talented engineer to join their industry leading support team which currently numbers more than **** people. The salary will be up to ****k basic plus sales bonus of 10% (based on company sales)  fully financed company car, pension scheme, private health care and daily food / overnight allowances. It is essential that you must have Fanuc or Heidenhein  Machine Tool background essential. The basic may be raised for a candidate with a high level of experience. Reporting to: Operations Director via Service Manager THE ROLE YOU MUST have experience of Servicing CNC machines and good PLC knowledge. You MUST be either from a machine tool background ie working for a builder or distributor of CNC Lathes or Machining Centres. Alternatively you might be employed by a larger company on internal maintenance involving CNC mechanical or electronics work. Experience with Fanuc CNC Systems (or Heidenhein or similar) is highly desirable. You will undertake regular service visits to customer's sites on the Companies product range. You will be expected to diagnose/remedy machine faults and report accurately to the Operations Department. You will be expected to travel around the Midlands areas on a daily basis (not weekends).In return they offer very competitive salaries which will include a car, bonus, BUPA and a contributory pension. Keywords: cnc service engineer, machine tools, Fanuc, Heidenhein, cnc, machine tool engineer, cnc, machine tool, fanuc, service Birmingham, Worcestershire, Warwickshire, Oxfordshire, StaffordshireWhen applying for this role, please indicate your current salary (plus benefits package), minimum salary required, notice period and your reasons for wishing to move from your current company. Alliance Consulting is acting as an employment agency in this respect. Alliance Consulting specialise in the placement of engineers throughout the UK. By sending us your CV you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your personal data on a computer database and/or in manual files for the purpose of evaluating your application for employment. This processing will be carried out in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act **** By applying for this role you hereby consent to us submitting your CV to our client. If you do not wish your CV to be sent to our client then you must clearly state this to us. Equally, if there are any companies that you do not wish your CV to be sent to (for whatever reason), then please let us know of this when you apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CNCMachineToolServiceEngineerMidlands_job****