Title: Turbine Engineer
Webindex: 66058997
Company: Hays TCE Jobs
Description: An excellent opportunity to work with one of the world's leading renewable energy developers, with the expertise to develop, construct and operate largescale wind farms of outstanding quality. The Turbine Engineer is a crucial part of the successful delivery of a wind farm. As the point of contact with the Wind Turbine Supplier they are responsible for the negotiation and execution of the technical content of the Turbine Supply Agreement (TSA). This includes solving any technical or engineering related issues with the turbine and its interface with the grid, foundation and conditions on site, ensuring the contractor delivers a safe, complete and ontime project to the client. The role requires office and wind farm construction site working as well as travel to turbine suppliers' offices and factories. Additionally, the Turbine Engineer is responsible for turbine supply tender evaluation and producing technical reports. The successful candidate will develop a broad understanding of the wind farm development and construction process as well as turbine technology and contracts management and drafting. Candidates should have the following qualifications and capabilities: •Engineering degree in a mechanical or electrical discipline •Excellent communication skills enabling effective discussion and transfer of information between contractors, clients and team members. •Be organised and have the ability to manage several projects with high workloads to demanding timescales. •Experience of compiling / administering technical specifications and contractual documentation •The ability to work as part of a team, both leading and as a key member, influencing decisions and reacting positively to challenges as the project evolves •Strong reporting and presentation skills with a good working knowledge of MS Office •Full UK driving license •Willingness to travel •The role will require climbing and working at heightHays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk