Title: Lead FPGA Engineer, FPGA, VHDL Video
Webindex: 72479525
Company: Reqiva Ltd
Description: Lead FPGA Engineer, FPGA, VHDL Video, Broadcast Reqiva are currently seeking a Lead FPGA Firmware Engineer to work for a market leading broadcasting systems company based in Hampshire. You will be an expert within VHDL For FPGA Design and associated technologies. It is essential that you are highly technical and experienced within FPGA design but also hold the experience of leading and mentoring more junior members within FPGA Design and development. The role To be a leading member of a team designing new FPGA firmware functionality for highly complex video compression products, from initial concept to final release. To provide technical leadership and line management to a team of design engineers within the firmware design team. To partake in all design cycle activities, from specification and architecture through design, implementation, simulation, testing, integration, fault finding and ongoing support.  To act as a technical authority in all areas of FPGA firmware design activities. These range from initial design specifications and input to architectures through to debugging and system testing. To give technical support and advice to team members and to give feedback on timescales and project progress to project leaders.  To undertake line management responsibilities including guidance and mentoring, interviewing, managing holiday and sick leave, yearly appraisals and giving input and support to career progression.  To track performance of each team member, setting objectives and providing recommendations to the Head of Section on pay and awards.  The candidate should be sufficiently selfmotivated and organized to be able to work independently, to take full responsibility for the delivery of their own work, and to drive and motivate their line group to achieve their very best.  A personality that is prepared to question existing techniques and then to use their experience to help introduce new methods and processes  The role will generally involve working as part of a multidisciplined team, in a fast paced and challenging time constrained environment. Required:  A good degree in Electronic Engineering or equivalent, with **** or more years experience in a hightech FPGA development environment.  Knowledge of digital video and audio standards, video compression techniques, IP protocols and networking.  Demonstrable skills in all aspects of the FPGA design process, including device selection, pinout, power considerations, VHDL coding, verification, synthesis, constraint generation, timing analysis and floorplanning through to onchip debug and system test.  An appreciation and understanding of hardware design issues and embedded software methods will be necessary in order to interact within the wider department and to achieve an integrated final system solution. To be considered for this role apply now to Antony Redmond at Reqiva.