Title: AV/VC Systems Engineer
Webindex: 70807720
Company: Morgan Turner Ltd
Description: This is a great opportunity to join the UK leader in the creation, design and support of Visual Collaboration business solutions. Our client is looking to recruit an experienced video conferencing installation engineer to join our rapidly expanding organisation. This is a permanent position, you will perform handson installation of a wide range of video conferencing and integrated audio and video equipment into corporate boardrooms and meeting rooms. On your own or working as part of an installation team, you will get involved at various sites around the world, but primarily in the UK. Once a system is installed, you will commission the system and solve any technical issues, liaising with clients to ensure their satisfaction. You will be home based, normal hours are **** per week, usually Mondays to Fridays, although some occasional evening or weekend work may be required. Benefits Van, Fuel Card, Laptop, mobile phone, tools, life Assurance, access to Stakeholder Pension, annual bonus scheme. This role offers the opportunity to receive ongoing training and development to keep you up to date with the latest technologies in the Video Conferencing and unified communications market, and to gain Prince**** qualifications. Your Skills, Qualities and Achievements This role requires a technically strong Video Conferencing installation engineer who also understands IT network infrastructure and how it applies to VC solutions. You will have a clear understanding of Immersive Telepresence, Desktop Telepresence, audio and video systems and their related network infrastructure. You will have a strong knowledge of field based VC/AV engineering, maintaining (break/fix) and operation, with a prior background working in video conferencing systems installation, ideally with a Unified Communications solutions provider. An understanding of systems integration with IP networks and existing IT systems is essential; knowledge of Cisco networks would be ideal, as would experience of installing AMX, Crestron and Extron control systems. Cisco CCNA or CCNP qualifications would be an advantage. In addition to your technical skills, you will also be presentable and a good communicator, able to work with a variety of individuals with varying degrees of technical knowledge. You need to be able to use PC applications effectively, be organised, efficient and accurate with administrative tasks. The successful applicant will need a full UK Driving Licence and a current Passport, and must go through SC Security clearance in order to work on clients’ premises.