Title: PLC Programmer/Automation Engineer
Webindex: 67385395
Company: Vickerstock
Description: The below role is just one of many vacancies that we presently have for Engineering Professionals. We recommend that you send us your CV today, even if this particular role isn’t of interest to you. As we specialise only in the Engineering sector; a number of our Engineering/Manufacturing Clients work with us exclusively, therefore you won’t find such vacancies anywhere else but with us Job Title: PLC Programmer/Automation Engineer RESPONSIBILITIES: Management of small and large scale projects. Installation of kit’s from design drawings Amendment of drawings to fit installation of equipment. Design of maintenance plans for new equipment Interface with external and internal customers Writing code and modifying PLC programmes Staff/team training and mentoring Design of installations and equipment Integration of equipment to shop floor Manage projects budgets Write reports for suppliers Ensure projects are running to schedule and deadlines This role will be day shift/Travel required a few times yearly. Experience/Qualifications: The candidate will hold a ****:**** in a Degree in Electrical / Electronic Engineering or equivalent Electrical design experience in a manufacturing environment (preferably 3 years including competence with AutoCAD Xelec/SEE Electrical Expert) Beginners with strong potential may be considered and would receive appropriate training. Ability to deal with electrical, electronic and mechanical equipment as well as develop a thorough process understanding Experience with electrical hardware design Experience of designing safety systems to the current EN standards Experience with PLC Programming (Allen Bradley / ControlLogix) Experience with HMI programming (Allen Bradley / Panelview) Experience with Variable Speed Drives (Allen Bradley / ControlTechniques). Demonstrate strong organisational skills and project management ability Strong skills in verbal and written communication Demonstrate ability to set and achieve goals with minimum supervision Demonstrate solid teamwork, communication, and planning skills required Must be willing to travel (Domestic and some International) Experience with lighting, control components, process instrumentation, and discrete devices Experience with maintenance of high, medium and low voltage electrical systems Experience with pneumatics and hydraulics technologies Additional Benefits: Healthcare Dental Gym Pension Free Company Product For further information on this contract role contact us on **** or send a current CV using the link below in strict confidence. Vickerstock operates as both an employment agency and employment business. We adhere to all relevant legislation and offer services regardless race, age, sex, disability or religious belief. All applications are handled in strict confidence. For further information on the services we supply please visit our website www.vickerstock.co.uk