Title: Quality Approved Signatory
Webindex: 68807628
Company: Pioneer Selection Ltd
Description: Overview: An International Aerospace organisation is currently recruiting for a Quality Approved Signatory on a 3 month temp to basis based in the West Midlands area. This is an excellent opportunity for someone who is looking to work within a well respected organisation. The Company: Having been established for over **** years they have steadily progressed to be a leading organisation with the aerospace industry. They have a proven track record providing an exceptional service to their customers around the world. In the UK they currently employ over **** employees based at their site in the west Midlands. The Role of a Quality Approved Signatory: The Quality Approved Signatory is an integral part of the Test and Release Department with responsibility for review of quality documentation, interpretation of internal quality instructions, data and customer specifications. You will produce test and release certification documentation to accompany dispatch of product. Generate Right First Time (RFT) and associated Quality business related data to monitor efficiency and contribute to continuous improvement. The Role will involve the following:  Review product compliance to internal and customer contractual Quality and Specification requirements.  Generate and approve test and release certification documentation  Carry out, if necessary, Daily admin duties e.g. Archiving, filing.  Review customer order information via inhouse database and must be RFT  To check the Operation process is fully completed and stamp and sign off.  RFT completion of final Documentation, and generate the delivery note via inhouse database system. To enter data accurately and efficiently Key Skills: You will need quality experience within the Aerospace industry, coupled with the ability to work well with in a team. Benefits: The option to go permanent after 3 months. Pay Rate: ****ph Commutable from: Birmingham, West Midlands, Coventry, Redditch, Worcestershire, Kidderminster and Worcestershire Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a: Quality Approved Signatory If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Alternatively for further details contact Ryan Fraser on;  **** or Email: contractpioneerselection.co.uk Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details.