Title: Electrical Power Systems Design Engineer
Webindex: 71904058
Company: Independent RPO Limited
Description: My Client, UK s largest distribution network operator, is looking for an Electrical Power Systems Design Engineer to join their team. The post holder will be responsible for producing outline and detailed electrical system design of AC and DC electrical networks supplying traction power to overground and underground railways. The role includes responsibility for compiling, running and maintaining AC and DC models for train simulation and power flow and short circuit analysis of railway systems, typically for Network Rail and LU projects, as well as their connection to the HV systems of National Grid and Distribution Companies. The post holder will also be responsible for maintenance of the software licences and will liaise directly with the software manufacturers in order to get the latest updates and support. The System Design Engineer is required to have indepth knowledge of power system modelling including representation of main elements in the system such as transformers, cables, OHL and catinary wires etc. in order to independently carry out power load flow, short circuit analysis. Good understanding of transient and power quality issues such as voltage variation and harmonic distortion as well as ability to analyse it by means of the above software packages is desirable. Principal Accountabilities:  Production of comprehensive reports for Railway System Electrical Designs that can be constructed in a safe efficient manner.  Produce effective design, which conform to all relevant Standards and Codes of Practice applying the economical design methodology.  Ensure compliance with all relevant legislation, regulations and company procedures. Ensure compliance with design assurance and audit processes.  Positively influence design and construction safety performance and aims for zero accidents  Work as a team player in a dedicated central team of Designers.  To maintain effective communications with all project participants to ensure contract documentation delivery  Undertake lessons learnt exercises to maintain value Knowledge, Skills, Qualifications and Experience: The applicant would be expected to have proven experience in power system design of railways in a dynamic and challenging business environment. It is also expected the applicant would hold sufficient safety knowledge and skills in a technical and a very demanding working environment to ensure all designs meet legal safety requirements and CDM regulations. The applicant will also possess sound knowledge of protection, earthing and reliability and hold good communication and inter personal skills and be able to effectively communicate and report at all levels. Proven experience within a Rail Contracting industry for either London Underground or Network Rail electrification projects is essential. Required  Good knowledge of London Underground and Network Rail Power Electrification Infrastructure  Demonstrable system analysis design experience  Analytical thinking  Team working and cooperation  Information seeking  Initiative, Self motivated Advantageous  Flexibility  Integrity  Proven safety management knowledge including CDM requirements  Proven ability to work under pressure and to tight deadlines Please apply immediately to be considered for this role as an Electrical Power Systems Design Engineer for a growing company.