Title: Automation Engineer  Marine
Webindex: 67946525
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction My client has an immediate need for an Automation Engineer to join a fast growing business within the Marine sector. Important Control Systems, Electrical Engineer, PLC Engineer, Scada The Job This is a fantastic opening for an Automation Engineer to work for a leading Electronic Systems firm within the Marine industry. The job holder s role will be to specify and design control systems for naval and commercial projects, ensuring that contract and project requirements are satisfied. You ll be providing a professional focus for all aspects of automation for electrical, propulsion, ancillary (fluid) and auxiliary systems on naval and commercial platforms. Analyse, specify and evaluate DCS architecture to ensure achievement of the necessary high integrity, availability and survivability Produce and maintain functional design specifications (FDS) to which Integrated Platform Management System (IPMS) software will be designed and accepted on naval projects, balancing cost and risk against capability and customer requirement Lead the derivation of operational requirements and secure agreement with all parties on the specifications by which automation for the IPMS will be accepted into service Negotiate, specify and manage the interfaces between IPMS subsystems and other shipboard computer systems on a common network infrastructure Support the development of automation software for IPMS Programme PLC and DCS systems using standard tools and languages Justify specification, design and product selection of architecture components, interfaces and protocols, through analysis reports and tradeoff studies. Conduct technical reviews to gain acceptance of automation system design by customer and project team stakeholders. Successful candidates will be Degree or Diploma in Electrical/Control Systems Engineering and must be able to demonstrate good knowledge of IEC **** PLC Programming languages and techniques. Demonstrable knowledge of PLCs, DCS and SCADA products and market is also essential. You should be familiar with marine, defence or industrial Control and Instrumentation applications. And have proven experience in specification, design and procurement of computer systems amp; software. A solid comprehension of structured design, quality, test and acceptance processes amp; standards is important as are strong planning, communications, organisational and coordination skills. Work is multidisciplined, requiring decisionmaking on diverse engineering problems. Problems may be complex and solutions require creativity within the conflicting parameters of specification, budget and schedule. You role will present daytoday decisions relating to responsibilities including making recommendations to management for changes to product, system solutions, processes and tools in order to achieve greater returns from projects. You will have regular contact internally with technical, project and commercial leadership, also with stakeholders in the customer project team. Occasional liaison with other software professionals from other organisations will also be necessary. Some domestic and overseas travel may be required.