Title: ICA Commissioning Engineer, Water Sector
Webindex: 72444108
Company: Rullion Build
Description: The Position ICA Commissioning Engineer, Water Sector The Package ********kbasic  car/allowance  benefits Competitive salary depending upon experience and qualifications. For the right candidates we offer an attractive benefits package in a rapidly expanding forward thinking company. Location Sewage Treatment Works, Edmonton , London . The Company Our Client is a National, Mechanical, Electrical, Instrumentation, Control and Automation (MEICA) Contractor. Theirscope includes design and project management of MEICA and turnkey works in the Water, Power, Rail, Defence and Industrial sectors. In addition to their contracting services they offer a range of high quality waste water and water treatment products and systems. These consist of both standard modular designs as well as client specific and are continuously proven to be effective. They have made substantial investment in experienced, qualified personnel and equipment in order to ensure that they maintain the high level of technical and project management skills that clients demand. Through this continual investment they are capable of offering clients comprehensive, professional contract management and design services from project inception through design, construction, installation and to final commissioning and testing. This also includes laser surveying and 3D modelling services. Its record of excellent client relationships and repeat business,built on close cooperative working practices and sound, innovative, cost effective 'Value Engineering' solutions, have contributed greatly to the company's solid development within all industries. The Role Predominantly managing and carrying out commissioning activities in the Sewage Treatment works and their associated distribution networks. Within this environment your knowledge and experience will extend need to cover the following area’s: PLC and SCADA systems Telemetry Systems Electrical, Instrumentation and Data Cable Installations Commissioning Plans and other associated commissioning documentation. Within this role main duties include the responsibility for the following: Delivery the commissioning duties to support a Programme of works to budget, ensuring compliance to Specification and Customer Satisfaction Ownership of the Training and commissioning duties to ensure contract completion including all documentation. Attend internal and external progress/ design review meetings Coordination of external resource to manage the overall commissioning requirements of the clean water programme. Working within company procedures Skills Qualifications: An industry applicable ONC/HNC/B.Eng or NVQ equivalent Water Industry knowledge an advantage. Knowledge of ICA , Electrical, Mechanical and minor Civil engineering. Commercial and contractual awareness Working knowledge of Microsoft packages Self motivation Be able to organise yourself and others workload Be proactive in your approach An excellent communicator A high level of diplomacy and customer focused This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ICACommissioningEngineerWaterSector_job****