Title: Works Foreman
Webindex: 68413038
Company: Industrial & Marine Hydraulics Ltd
Description: Industrial Marine Hydraulics Ltd  Design, manufacture, service and development of hydraulic systems UK and worldwide. (Teesside, United Kingdom) Job Description This is an exciting opportunity to join a leading hydraulic engineering company which focuses on high level technical service and project delivery and has wide ranging and global experience in difficult to solve problems. The role offers a good overall package and potential to acquire share options through successful service. The Role: To manage and assist in the manufacture, repair and service of bespoke hydraulic and mechanical systems. To supervise and coordinate a team of Hydraulic Fitters, Technicians and Engineers. To implement job management improvements and workplace efficiency practices. To appraise and motivate staff from Apprentice to Engineer levels through training coordination, personal support and discipline as necessary. Occasional UK travel may be required. Desired Skills Experience The Person: Demonstrable and technical hands on track record. Strong mechanical or electrical engineering background. Knowledge of hydraulics is a distinct advantage, including the ability to read hydraulic circuits. Good communication skills. Computer literacy. Good level of numeracy and literacy. Experience managing health safety and quality compliance in a workshop environment. Leadership skills. Confidence to work alongside the management team. Company Description About IMH Established in 1983, we are now internationally recognised for achieving extremely high standards of technical delivery within a costeffective pricing structure. Based in Teesside, UK, where we operate from a works/office complex, we design, manufacture and export complete hydraulic systems across the world. Our engineers travel globally to install, commission and repair highly technical systems including, flood defence barriers, cargo and ballast remote control systems, press and manipulator forging complexes, steel mills, automated coal handling plants, barrage and lock systems, power station turbine controls, etc. We work globally and have established a worldwide reputation in the field of fluid power, enabling our clients to minimise downtime through considerable expertise developed over 30 years of solving clients problems in the marine, offshore, industrial, power generation and infrastructure sectors. Strictly no agencies please