Title: Hydraulic Modeller  Edinburgh
Webindex: 65864643
Company: Randstad
Description: Hydraulic Modeller  Edinburgh  Contract  6 Months Modellers are needed to work as part of one of WWN s key delivery offices, supporting the delivery of a wide range of drainage infrastructure projects. It will involve the technical input into projects, including the assessment of sewer and urban drainage systems, project management assistance and liaison with other offices and staff. The position is full time (37.5 hours per week) and for 6 months, extendable to ****2 months depending on workload and performance. Requirements Qualifications o BSc/BEng Engineering (or related) degree or equivalent experience Essential Criteria o Proficiency with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint o Excellent Communication Skills  aural and written o Experience in wastewater modelling using InfoWorks CS o Experience in Geographic Information systems (MapInfo/ArcView) o Proactive and motivated to develop technical knowledge and experience o Appreciation or experience of the UK Water Industry o Excellent team working Desirable Criteria o Experience of the UK Water Industry, especially Scottish legislation relevant to wastewater modelling projects o Visual basic or other programming skills o Drainage Infrastructure Design and Rehabilitation o Full UK driving license (clean) Responsibilities o Development of sewer system models to investigate deficiencies and generation of outline solutions. o Development of 1D and 2D models to investigate flood risk and flooding mechanisms. o Analysis of sewerage related operational data o Support development of technical reports and other project deliverables o Support and onthejob training of junior staff o Undertake site asset surveys for physical and condition assessments o Prepare (and adhere to) health and safety risk assessments The successful individual will be looking to learn and develop technically, working towards a professional qualification. They will be self motivated and demonstrate an ability to work with others in a variety of project roles. They will be knowledgeable about changes in the Water Industry and implications on design and performance criteria. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills quot;hydraulic modeller quot; and water and design and quot;infoworks quot;