Title: Materials Buyer
Webindex: 64813185
Company: Jonathan Lee Wakefield
Description: Due their continued success and ever increasing workloads our cleint requires an experienced Materials Buyer The successful candidate will oversee the purchase of raw materials, predominately Wood, Steel and Glass. The current expenditure is circa 5m per annum. Job purpose The management of all aspects of timely procurement of materials and services for the business. To liaise with other departments to identify critical material lead times and ensure orders are placed to meet programme. To determine buying policies and disseminate latest buying information around the business. Key aspects Understand key product technical specifications. Liaise proactively with other departments to identify key project purchasing requirements and ordering deadlines Work with others to ensure timescales are met. Determine purchasing policy and procedures. Administer and negotiate purchasing contracts. Administer the purchase ordering system including chasing overdue deliveries. Maximise total cost saving opportunities through effective competitive quoting but with appropriate evaluation of nonfinancial performance indicators. Create effective methods of disseminating latest purchasing information to users in other departments particularly Estimating and Drawing Office. Develop key performance indicators and corresponding ad hoc reporting. Manage stores and stock levels. Competencies Decision maker  taking the initiative and originating actions. Product technical knowledge  to be developed and maintained. Team player  able to work well and coordinate actions in a multidepartmental environment. Works well with others in a sensitive but effective way. Able to negotiate, internally and externally, at all levels to get the best deal available. Maintains effective work behaviour in the face of setbacks or pressure. Goal and target driven. Sets challenging targets and shows enthusiasm and career commitment. Problem solver. Able to examine options, analyse and draw reasoned conclusions. Identifies limits, objectives and risks to be considered. Time management and prioritising. Accurate, with attention to detail, and administratively efficient. Computer literate. Familiar with computerised purchasing systems, Excel and Word. Your CV will be forwarded to Jonathan Lee Recruitment, a leading engineering and manufacturing recruitment consultancy established in 1978. The services advertised by Jonathan Lee Recruitment are those of an Employment Agency. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MaterialsBuyer_job****