Title: Projects Engineer  Electricity Distribution Network
Webindex: 72234547
Company: Brite Services Ltd
Description: We are seeking to recruit a specialised Electrical Distribution Engineer to join a Civil/Electrical Projects Team based out of Worcester.You will manage and control major project work involving plant, civil, overhead and underground systems up to ****kV and including nonoperational sites. You will also be involved in the installation, commissioning and maintenance of protection systems up to ****kV, plus maintenance and problem solving on existing plant and equipment at voltages up to ****kV. Your duties will include: The provision of specialist services to own and other teams. The organisation and financial monitoring of individual tasks. Completion of individual tasks within a specified timescale. Minimising risk to the security of the distribution network. Ensuring that standards within own specialism are maintained. Monitoring development in their own specialism and exploiting these for the benefit of the Company. The procurement of nonstandard equipment. The impact of own activities on our customers, the public and environment. The effective use of resources including contractors. You will have experience in carrying out network operations up to ****V, including the issuing of all Safety Documentation. You will be required to visit other sites in the area and therefore a clean driving license is essential. The company to which you are applying is one of the leading electrical distributors in the country with a growing customer base and extensive geographical reach. With responsibilities for commercial and public electrical power, their standards for customers and employees alike is very high. You will be joining and oten leading an already established team that offer customerdriven results within strict health and safety guidelines. The client is responsible for delivering power to customers living in the Midlands, the South West of England and South Wales. The network covers some of the most beautiful and diverse terrain in the UK, from highly populated urban areas to remote rural areas. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProjectsEngineerElectricityDistributionNetwork_job55620154