Title: C DEVELOPER  Medical Systems Engineering  Windsor, ****K, Windsor and Maidenhead
Webindex: 69669861
Company: Randstad
Description: C DEVELOPER  Medical Systems Engineering  Windsor, pound;****K; This is a great opportunity for a C DEVELOPER to join a leading Systems Engineering company for the Healthcare industry. Based in WINDSOR, this role offers a salary in the region of pound;****  pound;**** (dependent upon experience) plus pension, childcare vouchers and 25 days holiday. The company: They design and deliver next generation applications and data communications solutions for pharmaceutical and healthcare management industries. These solutions enable patients to better selfmanage their disease(s) and in turn allow healthcare management organisations to dramatically reduce healthcare service delivery costs whilst providing better patient care. They have been on the market for the past four years and have been growing very rapidly since  they are currently employing a hundred staff and are looking to double that number in the next twelve months. You will be part of a fastgrowing company which delivers quality at scale, connects clinicians, patients and their data together through its secure, costeffective and medicallycertified solutions and which continuously strives to improve patients quality of life. The role: As a result of the heavily regulatory environment they operate in, quality is at the heart of what they deliver  The endtoend applications they design are highly innovative, robust and massively scalable and follow a rigorous and highassurance, agile methodology. In this context, the application development team is responsible for the development of highlyscalable application software for device, services, web and database that enable delivery of applications. As a C Developer you will join a seven strong agile team and implement, code, test, integrate and release new software. You will be liaising with key stakeholders within the business and provide defect and document management on releases. As a C Developer you will also participate in evaluating new technologies/methodologies and review documentation. If you have previous C development with a scientific and rigorous approach, this is an opportunity to join a driven team with a real passion for what the business is trying to achieve and work in a cuttingedge technology environment. Key skills/experience required :  full project life cycle experience;  previous C development experience;  a rigorous/scientific approach to development gained through experience or educational background (experience working within an agile environment will be considered as an advantage);  any SQL Server experience will be considered as an advantage.  Their offices are close to the M25, M3 and M4 and within commutable distance from West London, Hampshire, Surrey and Berkshire  Are you interested in finding out more about this C Developer opportunity? Please apply ASAP with an uptodate CV for immediate review or call me on **** **** **** for a confidential discussion. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills amp; qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. Skills c, .net, developer, engineer, sql, wcf, data, web,