Title: Chemical Service Technician
Webindex: 71630809
Company: Executive Stand By Ltd
Description: I currently have an opportunity for a Chemical Service Technician .The Chemical Service Technician will primarily be responsible for providing onsite customer service in accordance with client expectations. This service includes field chemistry tests, chemical feed and control equipment maintenance, tank cleans, disinfections and water hygiene tasks, chemical stock management and written service reports. The role will involve working at a brewery site and food processing factory in St Neots and Northampton Key Responsibilities: Maintaining a relationship with key customer personnel. Chemical handling and processing Managing daily service activities at several customer sites. This requires strong time management skills and disciplined work behaviour. Providing regular facetoface customer support, including 24 hour support by telephone or onsite as required by our client. Conduct site surveys, product/application/system audits, and assist sales representatives in preparing new business proposals. You will work with customer facility engineers to improve the efficiency of their plant operations. Additional duties can include: performing equipment installation, repair and calibration; recommending changes in chemical dosage, feed rates, or equipment; monitoring chemical inventory; and providing service reports and maintaining current operation manuals. Assisting with onsite customer training Analytical approach completing field documentation and reports in a timely fashion as determined by company and legislation requirements. Working with other employees to manage and maintain inventory of chemical, equipment, and parts for ontime delivery to customers. Responsibility for all aspects of safety on the job in compliance with Safety, and Product Stewardship policies. Travel throughout local geographic region The minimum qualifications the candidate will have include: Previous experience in a service function and the ability to interact well with customers (chemical experience preferred) Qualification in Chemistrybased discipline /Chemical Engineering (or Microbiology) . Basic Computer Skills Must have and current and valid driving licence. . Previous experience working in a brewery would be an advantage The desired candidate will have other skills to include: A personable and communicative approach Strong work ethic and commitment Ability to work flexible hours to ensure service delivery Ability to work both independently and in a team This role will work days, however, flexibility is required to work occasional weekends or other unsociable hours as dictated by our customers