Title: Electrical Project Engineer (Maintenance)
Webindex: 65440611
Company: Luton Bennett Limited
Description: Electrical Project Engineer (Maintenance) **** plus excellent benefits including 10% bonus (relocation assistance offered) Kent (UK) – Commutable from Chatham, Gillingham, Sittingbourne, Maidstone areas Electrical Project Engineer position available in an international manufacturing company where you will manage maintenance improvement projects across a large site. The role will suit applicants looking to hold an important and rewarding position within the engineering department. This is a great chance to hold a varied and specialist position in a business where you can use your expertise to develop engineering process in the plant to yield improvements. They are committed to developing the plant and are seeking an individual that shares the same passion. In this role where you will solve electrical critical and complex problems, identify corrective action and implement the solutions. You will be given freedom to drive through changes to maintenance routines and process machinery to enhance efficiencies. Candidates need to demonstrate strong knowledge in drives, PLC’s, HV within in a manufacturing environment. This international manufacturer supplies a diverse range of products to a global client base. They have a commanding presence in the UK European marketplace with a powerful vision for the future. This is a great chance to demonstrate your skills, reap the reward of seeing the changes happen in a professional business renowned for offering excellent conditions. The role:  Manage maintenance improvement projects within your engineering discipline  Actively promote continuous development of engineering standards  Review engineering downtime and maintenance costs from operational areas to identify potential improvement projects or improvements  Develop improvement project scope and functional design specifications  Ensure management of change is complied with  With the reliability team ensure that best practice maintenance is developed, utilising resources effectively  Develop skills of others, particularly maintenance and support engineers  Manage maintenance contracts identified by your line manager ensuring full delivery of their commitments  Actively participate in solving problems, eliminating repeat issues and optimisation of the plant by root cause analysis  Undertake a leading role on significant maintenance activities and assist with the planning of significant maintenance activities  **** hours a week Monday to Friday b ased at the manufacturing site in Sittingbourne, Kent. The person required:  Strong electrical maintenance skills including PLC’s and AC/DC drives.  Can demonstrate experience in maintenance improvements / plant efficiency in a manufacturing environment. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectricalProjectEngineerMaintenance_job****