Title: Quality and Manufacturing Manager
Webindex: 68385088
Company: Mercuri Urval
Description: Quality and Manufacturing Manager c****  ****k  Benefits Cambridgeshire/ East Anglia The company seeks to appoint a Quality Manufacturing Manager to be the guardian of the management system with responsibility and authority to ensure that the requirements of the system are met, maintained and continuously improved. The position reports to the UK Managing Director and works closely with other senior members of the management team in driving key initiatives within the business. The role As a member of the factory senior management team, you will implement and followup agreed measures and activities. Drive through change in culture, behaviour and processes to raise the capability of the entire operation in terms of quality Take responsibility for managing a team of 7 Direct Reports (product and quality engineers and production managers) with dotted line responsibility for **** indirect reports. Will be the face of the company with key clients when faced with technical issues Ensuring the management system is established, implemented, maintained and continuously improved. Member of the group global internal audit community. Empowered to stop and restart production or supplies for quality failures, safety or functional aspects. Local management representative according to site standards. The person A strong background in quality control processes AND manufacturing /engineering management. Candidates must have worked within an electronics or closely related field either on CEM or OEM side You will enjoy being the face of the company and have a natural ability to communicate at a technical level to difference audiences within the customer base Experience of multiple sectors e.g. Cleantech, MedTech, Oil and Gas, Marine, IT, aerospace will be advantageous. Experience with ISO9001, ISO 13485 and ISO14001certifications combined with knowledge of AS**** accreditation within airline electronics manufacture is highly desirable Exhibits energy, drive, determination and continually raises the bar Proven track record in driving a change agenda through an organisation by influencing competing stakeholders Experience of successfully leading and managing highly technical Teams / Departments If you are a Manufacturing Manager or Production Manager or Engineering Manager who has held the Quality Management remit for an extensive period of time, then we would love to hear from you. Please apply by clicking on the Apply Now Button