Title: FACILITIES MANAGER  SPORT STADIUM
Webindex: 72446927
Company: KnowHow Recruitment Ltd
Description: FACILITIES MANAGER  3 MONTH CONTRACT (Based in Leigh Greater Manchester) Salary circa ****  (Pro Rata) Essential for this role is a 17th Edition Electrical Installation Certificate. Leigh Sports Village is a pioneering multisector development and is the biggest investment in public sports, recreation and education facilities in the Wigan Borough for many years and has transformed Leigh into one of the finest hubs of activity in the North West. The Village provides state of the art facilities for sport, education, physical activity, health, leisure and culture and serves the local community and the region as a whole and includes; sports pavilion and floodlit grass and 3G artificial sports pitches, athletics stadium and covered sprinting area, indoor sports centre and swimming pool, sixth form college, high quality hotel, retail outlets and an **** capacity stadium. Your primary role will be to coordinate the effective, efficient and safe operation of services and facilities operated by Leigh Sports Village Company. The Facilities Manager role  Planned and Preventative Maintenance of Work Equipment. Planned and Preventative Maintenance of Plant and Equipment. Maintenance and Repair of Properties. Health and Safety Policies and Procedures. Energy Conservation and Environment Management. Maintenance of all plant/work equipment under his/her control. Access to policy information and IT systems. Access to confidential files and contractual information. Facilities Manager Duties  Overall management responsibility for the maintenance of the plant and equipment for the facilities under the post holders control. To be present on match/event days to oversee the operation of all match day technical equipment To agree and deliver a personal work programme, under the Supervision of the post holders Line Manager. To agree and monitor a work programme with staff under the supervision of the post holder. To develop, implement and monitor contract specifications for maintenance of the plant and equipment for the facilities under the post holder`s control. To monitor safe working practices and advise management on safe working practices To monitor and control budgets within the post holders control and ensure effective and efficient use of financial resources. To develop, implement and monitor a planned maintenance programme to be carried out by the Leigh Sports Village staff. The successful candidate will possess a 17th Edition Electrical Installation Certificate and must have experience of working within a similar role. You will need to be highly motivated, possess excellent communication and people skills, be able to work under your own initiative and also as a member of a team. Bank holiday, evening and shift work will be an essential part of the role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FACILITIESMANAGERSPORTSTADIUM_job****