Title: Quality Engineer
Webindex: 22579462
Company: Asset Appointments
Description: Our client are a leading supplier of precision machined, high integrity components, integrated kits of parts and complete mechanical assemblies. Due to an large increase in workload they are recruiting a Quality Engineer Reporting to the Quality Manager, the successful individual will be responsible for providing documentation to fulfil our customers quality assurance requirements on specific contracts, whilst maintaining a system of storage and retrieval for documentation. The role will also support the internal audit schedule, performing audits as required. Responsibilities include: Documentation Checking all vendor supplied documentation to ensure it complies with the requirements or Express s customer specifications. Produce accurate, legible documentation packs, in accordance with customer requirements. Quality Systems Maintain system of storage and retrieval of all associated QA documentation in accordance with ISO9001:**** Certification Ensure certificates of conformance are checked, in accordance with the C of C matrix and any applicable concessions are referenced Material Certification Verify and approve certification on receipt for conformance to customer requirements and resolve discrepancies with suppliers Non conformance Raise and submit supplier reject reports and concessions. Store all responses received in relevant databases. Internal Auditing Carry out internal audits as and when required in line with the internal audit schedule. Identify and report all nonconformances within Quality Management System, and assist in corrective actions to close them out Supplier Rejects Ensure corrective action is received for supplier rejects submitted to key suppliers The Individual: Has experience within the quality department of a related company in a similar role Ideally from a mechanical or manufacturing engineering background. Ideally be familiar with the range of processes involved in the markets of Oil Must have good communication and organisational skills Has the ability to work as part of a team or as an individual. Has the ability to be customer facing and discuss technical / quality issues with vendors and customers