Title: CNC Programmer / Production Engineer
Webindex: 70215354
Company: Bailey Finch Associates
Description: CNC Programmer / Production Engineer The Position CNC Programmer / Production Engineer To provide specialist engineering support involving machining processes and process controls for new and existing components. Responsibilities Ensure all tasks undertaken are performed in accordance with company requirements (best practice) and meet the specific requirements as set out by customer drawings and relevant standards and specifications. To achieve efficient and effective cycle times through applying best practice . Provide engineering solutions utilising online and offline CNC programming. Provide tooling and fixtures to aid manufacture. Strive to reduce manufacturing costs within a cost reduction program by reviewing existing CNC programs and method of manufacture and identifying opportunities for improvement. To maintain good housekeeping. To ensure that safe working practices are used and maintain appropriate records. Maintain close liaison with the Manufacturing Manager regarding the improvement of production or handling techniques. Perform any other task which is considered within your capability & within the scope of the job role. Experience Extensive understanding of machine tools and manufacturing methods / programming of ****axis prismatic and millturn applications using Mazak machine tools. Master in Mazatrol, Camware and Mastercam software. Recognised engineering apprenticeship. Higher National Certificate in relevant engineering subject. Master in Mazatrol, Camware and Mastercam software. Recognised engineering apprenticeship. Higher National Certificate in relevant engineering subject. Proven excellence in manufacturing methods and machining, including program, set and operate complex components Bailey Finch Engineering Associates are a market leader in specialist recruitment and every day we recruit the specialist people needed to deliver projects on time and to budget. By applying for this role you hereby consent to us submitting your CV to our client. If you do not wish your CV to be sent to our client then you must clearly state this to us. Equally, if there are any companies that you do not wish your CV to be sent to (for whatever reason), then please let us know of this when you apply