Title: Technical Sales/Support Executive (electronic electrical)
Webindex: 69007923
Company: ETS Technical
Description: Technical Sales/Support Executive (electronics)  Greater Manchester Basic salary circa 25k  Benefits A new vacancy for an internal Technical Sales/Support Executive with global leader in the design, manufacture and distribution of hightech electronic measurement products. The company is looking to recruit an ambitious and enthusiastic Technical Sales/Support Executive to provide technical sales support and training to its existing customer/distributor network, and to support the increase and development of sales in the UK and EMEA. The position will be based at the company s global head office in the Greater Manchester area. Key tasks will include: Offer technical support to customers/distributors Maintain and develop relationships with existing accounts to ensure customer satisfaction and repeat business Undertake visits to distributors to offer product training as well as developing and maintaining training manuals Undertake client visits, attend trade shows and manage exhibitions Assist with setting of prices and margins Contribute towards new product ideas Manage the monthly website enquiry report Contribute towards sales budgeting through forecasting forward demand and customer potential Candidates should be technically competent individuals with at least ****yrs experience in a technical sales support role. Those from an electronic or electrical engineering background will be of particular interest, although this isn t an essential requirement. The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate a high degree of commercial awareness, firstrate communication skills and a proven ability to build longterm working relationships. Graphic design/website development skills would also be an advantage. A full UK driving license is essential as is a valid permit to live and work in the UK. Some overseas travel might be necessary occasionally. Good potential for career development. Attractive basic salary commensurate with experience to date, plus benefit package and 25 days holiday entitlement plus bank holidays. This will be a mainly internal/officebased role so candidates should be already based in the Greater Manchester area