Title: Signalling Senior Testing Engineer
Webindex: 66905553
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview UK ConstRail Purpose of Role To provide engineering and management support to the Testing Manager, Testing Consultants and Testing Project Engineers, to ensure that all projects undertaken are delivered to the necessary contractual, timescales in line with the clients requirements . Key Objectives of the Role To be compliant with Health and Safety at Work Act, occupational and system safety requirements relative to signalling systems To plan and manage testing activities on projects allocated by the Testing Manager, ensuring that each project is undertaken to all customer requirements Produce and check all documentation required by the client for allocated projects (these may include Testing / Commissioning Plans, Test Plans and Method Statements). nbsp;Documents to take into account specific staff requirements, possessions, work programme, risk assessment and safe methods of working to meet customer requirements To ensure all resources are deployed in an efficient manner Plan and implement the testing / commissioning activities for the allocated projects, ensuring that testing is carried out to the requirements of SWT. Ensure testing documentation is completed to the laid down standards and in the required timescales Organise subordinate staff to undertake duties consistent with their ability and competence. Instruct and supervise subordinate staff as required to complete testing activities in accordance with Testing Plans and / or Method Statements Carry out workplace assessments and competency assessments in connection with the IRSE Licensing Scheme Lead team and safety briefs and produce notes and record attendees. Ensure that staff understand instructions issued. Instigate safe methods of working for all activities undertaken by post holder or subordinate staff. Undertake site Safety Inspections, produce relevant reports and instigate remedial action to correct any problems identified as required by the Carillion Rail Health and Safety Policy. Job Level Overview The Job Holder is subject to managerial control and the job is generally subject to practices and procedures that have clear precedents, or are covered by closely defined policies. The Job Holder may be part qualified and will certainly possess some specialised skills that may have been gained through on the job experience. The Job Holder s performance will have either a minimal impact on plc performance, or a very small impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Accountable for the completion of standard or nonstandard tasks, within the scope of the function Delivers activities to support operational objectives for their role Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically up to 6 months Makes decisions within parameters set by manager, using job/specialist experience Interacts with client or users around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Supervises the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility Focus of work on the completion of a set of related tasks for a particular section or service with the ability to accommodate new tasks Financial Accountabilities Identifies ways to reduce cost Work within a given budget, usually without authorised spend of their own People Accountabilities Required to supervise a small team Coordinates available resource to deal with the work in hand Required to assist less experienced staff Undertakes the performance reviews and provides training recommendations Responsible for performance management issues and recommending disciplinary actions. Knowledge and Applied Skills Working knowledge of one functional area through job experience amp; training Likely to have 25 years business experience, be a minimum partqualified professional, and have a Certificate Level of Qualification as a minimum Must have IRSE license Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information