Title: World Class Quality Improvement Engineer  Manufacturing
Webindex: 71461331
Company: Webrecruit
Description: World Class Quality Improvement Engineer  Manufacturing South Shields, Tyne & WearUp to **** Plus 25 Days' Holiday, Stakeholder Pension Our client is a world leader in the design and manufacture of advanced technology batteries for industry. They have **** employees present in 19 countries, **** manufacturing sites and an extensive sales network which all contribute to accelerating the group's growth for the future. An opportunity has now arisen for a World Class Quality Improvement Engineer to join their team. This is the ideal role for a quality engineer with experience within a manufacturing or technical environment looking develop their career with a leading and well established company. As a World Class Quality Improvement Engineer, you will be responsible for analysing quality data to draw up conclusions crucial to our client's overall quality control process. You will also maintain quality assurance documentation and be actively involved in the implementation of lean manufacturing tools and techniques, including management of lean workshop activities. Additionally, you will assist the Quality/Supply Chain Manager with resolving daytoday quality issues that impact customer satisfaction. You will also conduct training sessions on the use of statistical process problem solving, as well as oversee and manage the incoming inspection of goods. To be considered for this role, you must have:  Experience in a manufacturing and/or technical environment Knowledge of quality assurance techniques and tools, as well as experience within a lean manufacturing and / or technical process environment Competency in MS Excel, Word and PowerPoint Knowledge of lean manufacturing principles and quality concepts An ONC/HNC or NVQ **** level qualification in an engineering discipline Additionally, as a World Class Quality Improvement Engineer, you must a highly motivated professional with strong leadership abilities and excellent multitasking and time management skills. You must also have an eye for detail with a flair for innovation and problem solving and be adept at communicating effectively across all levels. To apply for the role of World Class Quality Improvement Engineer, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: World Class Quality Improvement Engineer, Quality Improvement Engineer, QA Engineer, Quality Assurance Engineer, Quality Assurance, Quality Engineer, Quality Manager, QA, Engineer, Engineering, Quality Control Engineer, Quality Control, Quality Technician, Process Improvement Engineer, Process Engineer, Lean Manufacturing Engineer. company pension Salary: Up to ****