Title: Mobile Facilities Technician
Webindex: 68096865
Company: Norbert Dentressangle
Description: An excellent opportunity has arisen at Norbert Dentressangle Logistics for a Mobile Facilities Technician to join the team, working predominantly at the Tesco RSU in Peterborough as well as other sites in the network as required. The purpose of the role is to maintain equipment and assets on the site, by performing maintenance and repairs to the required standard, legislation and codes of practice. Main accountabilities to include but not be limited to: Understand and accept individual responsibilities under the Health and Safety at Work Act **** and Electricity at Work Regulations **** ensuring that all incidents are reported in accordance with H S requirements / company policy. Carry out 'hands on' electrical, mechanical and general planned maintenance, repair and installation work to buildings, equipment and systems. Assist in the organisation of maintenance with planned maintenance systems, including required administration activities such as record keeping and providing reports as required. Assist in coordinating the activities of the Company's technical staff and contractors. Assist in the negotiation and vetting of equipment suppliers and contractors to ensure best practice achieved for best price. Provide operational cover as part of a call out rota as required. Therefore the role may involve working flexible hours and weekends. Assist in administering site engineering stores systems. Carry out project work and meetings with customers and contracts as required. Maintain good lines of communication, ensuring that all the necessary information is communicated to all relevant persons. The successful candidate will have : Previous experience working within warehouse/logistics/production environment. Electrical qualification with mechanical aptitude. Experience in electrical / mechanical maintenance role. PLC operation and fault finding experience. Experience of working with hydraulics and pneumatics. Experience of working with electrical isolation procedures and Safe Systems of Work. 17th Edition IEE wiring regulations for Electrical Installations. Strong fault finding and diagnostic skills. Excellent communication skills both verbal and written. Good PC Skills (Word, excel) Experience of a working in a fastmoving environment. Strong team working skills as well as being able to work on their own. Good attention to detail and be able to work accurately. Ability to plan and prioritize own workload. Flexible approach  i.e. assertive, proactive. Willingness to work out of hours (call out), as required. Ability to take responsibility for their own actions. Clean valid UK driving licence. Norbert Dentressangle is an international player in Logistics, Transport and Freight Forwarding, with **** employees operating across 500 sites in 20 countries. We have a compelling vision for the future and need exceptional talent to achieve this  which is where you come in. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MobileFacilitiesTechnician_job****