Title: Level 2 NDT Inspector    Level 2 NDT Technician
Webindex: 70251254
Company: Sigma Recruitment
Description: Would you like to work for an industry leading Company, who supply product to some of the world's largest Companies? Are you looking to join an expanding business, with outstanding career development opportunities? Company are an expanding manufacturing Company supplying a range of niche world class products to major blue chip clients across the globe. Company have recently been awarded large contract with a Company who rank in the top 10 of World Companies based on revenue. One of the Companies divisions was a finalist in the UK business of the year awards for 2012. Growth is expected to continue at a significant pace and thus excellent career development opportunities exist for the right Candidate. Salary: **** inc shift allowance 3 shift pattern The Role: Level 2 NDT Inspector    Level 2 NDT Technician Experienced in all forms of NDT Inspection, the successful candidate will be an integral part of the Quality/Manufacturing Team. Duties/Responsibilities Performs in process quality checks ensuring products comply with relevant specification Perform nondestructive inspections on all components as required by company specifications Records, organises and evaluates test results and generates NDT inspection reports as and when required. Highlight any nonconformances and actively contributes to the overall quality of the product and processes. Maintains test equipment and endures calibration is compliant for tests to be performed. Understanding the materials to be tested, how they are manufactured and the impact on the end product. The Candidate: Level 2 NDT Inspector    Level 2 NDT Technician Must have a relevant Engineering qualification, ideally HNC or equivalent, with extensive experience of NDT and testing processes. Level 2 NDT qualification gained with either PCN or ASNT is essential. Magnetic particle and dye penetrate experience is essential. Understanding the properties of materials, manufacturing processes and methods. An understanding of problem solving/continuous improvement techniques. Computer Literate with good communication skills Must be selfmotivated and a team player, able to make effective decisions and work to tight deadlines. Due to volume of response it is not always possible to respond on an individual basis. We will add your details to our database and keep you informed of any new vacancies. WE WILL NOT SEND YOUR CV TO ANY CLIENTS WITHOUT CONTACTING YOU FIRST. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Level2NDTInspectorLevel2NDTTechnician_job****