Title: PTS  Zero Hour Contract
Webindex: 64752519
Company: Collis Engineering
Description: Current Vacancies Zero Hour PTS Track Worker Job Title: PTS Please note this role is a Zero hour contract, as such the post holder will work such hours as are agreed with the Civil Supervisor or Civil Director. The post holder is not obliged to accept the hours of work and the Company has no obligation to offer work on an ongoing basis. Hours of work for a shift will normally be confirmed 2 days in advance. Reporting Structure: The post holder is a member of the Civil division and reports firstly to the Civil Supervisor Projects Manager and ultimately the Civil Director. Management Responsibility: The post holder may be asked from time to time to supervise juniors and trainees including the provision of guidance, basic training and communicating best practice Main Duties:  To understand the scope of the required work to be completed in the relevant shifts.  Carry out the work as efficiently and effectively as possible to surpass targets to allow time for any problems that may be encountered.  Ensure the team you are with understand any ideas you have about more effective ways of achieving the work.  To ensure that working practices and/or standards are adhered to.  Mitigate any risks that can be foreseen so that the required work is complete.  Ensure that timesheets and time booking is accurately completed and all work, where possible, is allocated to a project.  To act as a lookout when required.  Arrange with assistance where necessary the tools, equipment, plant, and materials that are needed to carry out the work. This is to be done liaising with the COSS to ensure nothing is missed and all purchases are accounted for via the purchasing requisition/order process. General Duties:  The post holder is required to conduct themselves in accordance with their contract of employment and the company handbook.  The post holder must to the best of their knowledge and experience carry out work in such a manner so not to endanger their own health and safety, that of their colleagues, the company’s clients, the general public, our suppliers or the environment.  The post holder shall do their utmost to protect and enhance the company’s commercial and financial well being and reputation.  The post holder may be required to be called upon to carry out other reasonable requests/duties for the company at the discretion of his or her line Manager.  Engage in training, development and education in order to keep skills and knowledge current and to strive for continual improvement.  This job description should not be regarded as exclusive or exhaustive. There shall be a requirement to carry out other duties which the Company believes are within your capability. Expected Qualifications:  PTS