Title: Proposals / Application Engineer
Webindex: 72439441
Company: ASC Connections Ltd
Description: Proposals / Application Engineer Birmingham, West Midlands ****  **** The Role: The role of Proposals / Application Engineer is will be responsible for liaising with various new, and long standing customers, in order to produce project proposals. The key duties for this position include:  Assessing site survey data to ensure Technical Proposals fulfil customer requirements.  Provide accurate costings.  Coordinate and control internal and external suppliers to achieve installation and supply deadlines.  Analyse costs to identify variance from budget forecast.  Compile a technical construction file for each project.  Identify requirements for design approval. The Ideal Candidate: The ideal candidate for the position of Proposals / Application Engineer will have the following skills and expertise:  Degree/HND in Mechanical Engineering, or a relevant Engineering discipline.  Knowledge of Industrial Gas Systems.  Knowledge of pipe work and gas system installation.  Previous experience of analysing design schematics and layouts.  Good ability in interpreting data and customer requirements. The Company: The company is a leading supplier and provider of Commercial and Industrial Gas Systems, and they require a Proposals / Application Engineer to join their small and busy team. They are able to offer excellent support, along with extensive career development opportunities. PLEASE ENSURE THAT YOU HAVE READ THE JOB SPECIFICATION IN FULL, AND HAVE THE NECESSARY SKILLS AND EXPERTISE, OTHERWISE YOUR CV WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS ROLE. ASC Connections is a leading recruitment business specialising within areas of both technical and business services. We operate as an employment business or an employment agency for all temporary and permanent roles respectively. For an extensive range of job opportunities please visit our website at www.ascconnections.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProposalsApplicationEngineer_job****