Title: Health and Safety Manager  Cardiff
Webindex: 69669131
Company: Randstad
Description: Health and Safety Manager required for a medium sized contractor based in theCardiffarea. The company has enjoyed a consistent influx of work over the past few years, and due to a strong reputation have managed to acquire a preferred contractor status for a number of local authorities. As such they require a H amp;S Manager to ensure all standards are met with regards to compliance, health and safety and environmental and quality procedures. Implementation activities (fully supported by external Consultant):  Identification of site specific environmental aspects and impacts.  Undertake environmental risk assessments.  Development and monitoring of quality and environmental improvement plans.  Define and monitor waste management plan  Management of nonconformance, corrective and preventative action process.  Monitor and manage the closure of actions from management review meetings. Ongoing activities:  Management of environmental legislation updates and the associated actions where applicable.  Identification of site specific and office environmental aspects and impacts.  Updating of environmental and legal registers.  Undertake environmental risk assessments.  Undertake H amp;S risk assessments as required by site and to support site managers on H amp;S matters  Define and monitor waste management plans.  Monitoring and measurement of agreed environmental KPI s.  Management of nonconformance, corrective and preventative action process  Monitor and manage the closure of actions from management review meetings.  Undertake H amp;S amp; environmental internal audits (certified training not required).  Undertake NEBOSH qualification for H amp;S. It would be preferable for the candidate to have a construction background, having experience in the capacity of site manager / construction manager. Excellent opportunity for the right individual. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills health and safety, quality, environmental, compliance, ISO 9001, ISO 14001, risk assesments