Title: Senior Engineering Analyst
Webindex: 71855245
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction We are looking for a Senior Engineering Analyst to work on projects for a Fusion Research Laboratory based in Oxford. Important ASME / RCCMR, ITER Design Code Experience The Job Position Nuclear fusion, the process that powers the Sun, can play a big part in our carbonfree energy future. Our client is one of the world s leading fusion research laboratories. Our scientists and engineers are working with partners around the globe to develop fusion as a new source of clean energy for tomorrow s power stations. The Central Engineering Department (CED) provides design, procurement, installation and technical support to the activities. Within CED, engineering analysts in the Chief Engineer s Group are responsible for ensuring that designs conform to appropriate standards. Position You will be responsible for substantiating proposed designs through detailed engineering analysis using both classic and Finite Element methods. Boundary conditions will frequently be a combination of structural, thermal, electromagnetic, hydraulic and many others. You will ensure that the design basis and analysis shall be fully auditable and of sufficient detail to satisfy internal, stakeholders and third party (statutory) scrutiny. You will be familiar with and formally apply design and analysis rules as set out in relevant design codes (e.g. ASME, RCCMR, ITER Design Code etc). You will prepare standard calculation tools, analysis procedures, inhouse codes and macros necessary to improve the groups performance and capability. You will perform checks of analyses and reports produced by other analysts. You will provide inhouse training for other analysts. You will supervise the development of junior analysts. Candidate Requirements A degree (2nd class honours minimum) in Mechanical Engineering. Experience of advanced engineering analysis covering a broad range of structural as well as multiphysics analyses. Chartered status (e.g. IMechE) would be desirable Ability to handle longterm projects and daytoday urgent priority jobs simultaneously. Good communication and interpersonal skills with an ability to work in multidisciplinary teams To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK