Title: Bid Risk Manager
Webindex: 69080067
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment
Description: Bid Risk Manager Bristol ****  ****  Pension  Bonus  33 Days Holiday Are you a Risk Manager looking to join a leading multinational organisation in a position working on large, complex bids and tenders with lots of chances to continue your career progression? On offer is a technically challenging role which offers further opportunities to progress your career. This company work across many and varied industries and play an integral part in much of the infrastructure we see around us. They are well known and continue to grow year on year offering a secure working environment. They are involved in, amongst other areas, military, defence, aerospace, nuclear and communications. In this role the successful Bid Risk Manager will be responsible for developing and maintaining risk registers and assessing all opportunities. You will work as part of the Major Bids team and undertake constant and ongoing risk reviews across all current projects. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a multinational organisation in a challenging and interesting role. The Role: Working as part of the Major Bids team Developing and maintaining risk registers across all bid plans and schedules Working on several projects and bids at anyone time Developing policies and procedures for future projects The Person: Experience in a similar role involved in the assessments of risk in bids/proposals/projects Knowledge of Microsoft Projects, Primavera or similar tools Experience in a heavy/medium industry such as defence, aerospace, marine, mechanical handling, oil and gas, energy, utilities, petrochemical etc Risk Manager, Bid, Contracts, Proposals, Risk Assessment, Tendering, Engineer, Defence, Aerospace, Marine, Military, Costing, Project Management To apply for this role or for to be considered for further roles, please email your CV or visit our website at (url removed) This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from engineering candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed