Title: Events Executive with marketing degree or similar  London
Webindex: 70331777
Company: Randstad
Description: Events Executive Permanent Degree qualified in marketing (or similar) with 12 months experience at least within the professional services industry Company Profile: This company is one of a kind If you are looking for a place of work that is relaxed, friendly, social but hard working and professional then this is the place for you There is plenty of room for personal development; they want you to grow their staff from within. They are highly regarded within the commercial building surveying industry known for their high standard of client base and reputation of continuous growth throughout the recession. There is parking at work (they might be moving to somewhere like Victoria in a couple of years), showers, work hard, play hard, payday drinks in the office, dress down everyday if not seeing clients, flexi time generally a great place to work. Job Profile: The Business Development department are responsible for creating and managing the marketing and sales delivery plans. Specific responsibilities include, amongst other things, events and corporate hospitality, promotional material, client information management, branding and corporate identity (online and offline), public relations and market research. The Events Executive will support the Head of Department to deliver on these plans through successful event planning and delivery. He/she will be solely responsible for the following:  Management of client events and corporate hospitality from conception to delivery across our offices  Manage budgets for individual events.  Represent the company at external events  Arrange registration and representation for colleagues at industry and other property company events  Development of ideas and planning for events  Management of invite lists  Recording and post event analysis  Undertaking other responsibilities to achieve the delivery of the marketing plan as required including areas such as brand management, promotional material, database management, website management, market research, sponsorship and liaising with professional organisations. Experience Requirements: The successful candidate will have ideally a graduate qualification in marketing (or similar). IT literate and with at least 12 months experience ideally having worked in the professional services sector. Interpersonal skills required include budget management; negotiation skills; excellent organisational ability; creative flair for copywriting and editing and strong verbal and written communication skills. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.