Title: Clock Engineer
Webindex: 72443628
Company: Kurtis james recruitment
Description: We currently hold maintenance contracts for most of the London boroughs and many of the churches that have to fund themselves, along with the Royal Hospital Chelsea, Hyde Park, Kensington Gardens, Somerset house and the Tower of London, and have a large happy client base across the Home Counties. Our expertise covers all aspects of Turret Clock care, to include: Complete restoration and overhaul. Sympathetic manufacture and fitting of automatic winding systems. Complete dial restoration, establishing original design and layout where possible, Annual maintenance servicing. Automatic GPS Systems. We are based in Slough in Berkshire, and we need to recruit a Clock Engineer to assist in all aspects of Exterior Clock work. The main duty will be mechanical Turret Clock maintenance and repair, which will be carried out both in the workshop in Slough, and at sites all over London and the South East of England. These clocks are sited in Church towers, Loft spaces, and other inhospitable areas, so a level of fitness and flexibility will be needed. When Dial /Drum restoration takes place, the Dial is removed to the workshop either by the use of a hoist on scaffolding, a Cherry Picker or by using Steeplejacks to rope the dials to the ground. The ability to work at height is therefore desirable. This is a **** day week full time position, however part time and contract options will be considered. Salary dependant on level of competence, training and experience Essential candidate requirements We would need applicants to have an interest and/or practical experience of clock repair, the ability to work at height and in confined spaces, a clean driving license, and the ability to use a Mill or Lathe or experience in metal work would be desirable but not essential. We are small company who have built our reputation on the standard of our work which is paramount. We are therefore looking for someone who is conscientious, willing to learn, work hard and be flexible, who can grow with us and become part of the team. This position will suit applicants with a Mechanical, Electro mechanical, or Engineering back ground who are willing to be flexible as early starts from the Slough workshop will be necessary. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ClockEngineer_job****