Title: Engineering Services Manager (GXP)  West London  ****k Package
Webindex: 69800464
Company: BBL Recruitment
Description:  ENGINEERING SERVICES MANAGER (GXP) WEST LONDON ****k PACKAGE  Our Client is one of the largest technical facilities management companies in the UK today who serve major clients across every sector. They selfdeliver all their hard FM services nationally and are renowned for their employee training and development schemes They are currently seeking an Engineering Services Manager with GXP background to be responsible for a prestigious contract based in West London. Your Role is as follows :  To maintain overall responsibility for the running and management of the buildings and it's associated services.  Full understanding of GXP Practices and certification  To be responsible for Health and Safety issues appertaining to the site for which our client are responsible. This will include carrying our site inductions, producing emergency procedures and ensuring all statutory requirements are undertaken which minimise disruption to site occupants  To be responsible for staff directly employed by our client in the execution of the contract  To be responsible for the management and reporting of budgets and their expenditure  To produce reports as and when required in addition to fixed reports. These reports should relate specifically to the following: Financial, Operational, Remedials, and Work Programmes.  To provide contract specifications in relation to maintenance activities and or works and where necessary method statements in conjunction with other senior members of staff.  To assist in/be responsible for the economical running of the building. Including, but not limited to space planning, energy efficiency and budget control.  To prepare annual staff appraisal reports for submission to the Operations Manager.  To maintain responsibility for site discipline and site conduct of all staff either directly or indirectly employed by our client covering services  To prepare and issue for site approval site operating procedures which will include the production of quality plans and site safety procedures during the initial set up phase and subsequent update and management of this information. Prepare and issue Service Level Agreements as and when necessary. Candidate Requirements  Proven experience in a Management/ Senior position with an M E or FM provider.  Previous staff management experience  GXP Background  Strong Technical knowledge in Building Services  Knowledge of current Health and Safety legislation with relevance to safe working practices. (IOSH/NEBOSH)  Electrical/Mechanical Engineering or Building Services Qualification  Good experience of Financial aspects of looking after contracts  Client Facing  Good IT skills Apply In the first instance please forward your CV and if your application is successful I will contact you asap. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EngineeringServicesManagerGXPWestLondon****kPackage_job****