Title: Water and Waste Water Process Engineer, Bedfordshire
Webindex: 72295159
Company: System Recruitment
Description: Water and Waste Water Process Engineer, Bedfordshire Job Type: Permanent Location: Bedford Salary: Upto **** Start Date: ASAP Duration: Permanent Benefits: Pension Reference: WWWProEng A successful, high profile company in the Fluid Engineering sector is now seeking to recruit an experienced Water & Waste Water Process Engineer to work from offices in Bedfordshire. A need has been identified to recruit experienced chemical process engineers with a technical specialisation in water and wastewater processes including one or more of the following areas. •Coagulation/flocculation •Complex rheology •Biosolids treatment •Mixing processes You should hold a good first degree in Chemical Engineering or have equivalent experience. Applicants with a higher degree (EngD, MSc) in one of the listed technical areas and/or a proven background in industry will be considered very favourably. You should demonstrate a good understanding of fluid mechanics and exhibit an enthusiasm for commercial development. Experience in project management will be a significant advantage. In addition, you should be a team player with excellent written and oral presentation skills, a strong drive, ‘can do’ attitude and a high level of enthusiasm for their subject. The role will suit individuals currently working as a Chemical Engineer, Water Engineer, Waste Water Engineer, Fluid Engineering Consultant, Process Engineer and living within a commutable distance of Bedford, Milton Keynes, Wellingborough, Northampton, St Albans, Luton, Cambridge, Letchworth, St Neots or willing to relocate. With over 20 years of experience System Recruitment offers excellence in Permanent and Contract recruitment in a wide range of industry sectors. Though we are a generalist agency, a particular strength of ours lies in Information Technology including Technical, Sales and Managerial positions. We are able to tailor our approach to your needs in order to work effectively with you and provide real value.