Title: Junior Component Engineer  West Yorkshire
Webindex: 69669969
Company: Randstad
Description: My client is currently recruiting for a Junior Component Engineer to join their team, working for a very successful global company. A market leader in their field, this West Yorkshire based company are expanding their team due to their growth in recent years. The duties for the role of Component Engineer include, but are not limited to:  Keeping the database current and accurate  Working with data sheets from suppliers and assimalating the information for use within the company  Working with the project teams to ensure all parts required for new product builds are available and compliant, adding them to the Matrix system and obtaining further part information where necessary. This can often be working to tight deadlines.  Liaising between engineers and the purchasing department while acting as an ambassador for the component engineering team.  Dealing with suppliers to ensure competitive pricing on components and compliance to UK and international legislations  Ensuring a high reliability rate of all the components whilst maintaining cost effective pricing.  Working internationally with the company s offices across the globe to liaise with other remotely based component engineers to make sure group objectives are met. This may also require business trips to these international offices where necessary.  Keeping up to date with new legislations and implementing appropriates changes to the database as appropriate.  Where the company expands, integrating any newly acquired systems and parts onto the databases so the parts and data are readily available for use to the rest of the company. Candidate The ideal candidate have some experience within a role in the electronics industry and will also have some form of electronics qualification. Experience in a similar role is not necessary (although prefered) but you must be a quick learner and a keen and enthusiastic individual. For more information please don t hesitate to contact me. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills Component, engineering, electronics, graduate, purchasing