Title: Principal RF Systems Design Engineer
Webindex: 70676538
Company: Ceema Technology Recruitment Limited
Description: This is a multifaceted high technology company that designs, develops, manufactures and markets a diverse range of microelectronic and test and measurement products, for use in supporting communication systems, networks and automatic test systems. This specialist niche client seeks to recruit a Principal RF Engineer to work with the Engineering and Production teams developing widetuning RF transceivers for our mobile product range. Main duties and responsibilities to include:  Circuit and system level RF design to ****GHz  Overall system architecture analysis and specification  Day to day leadership of a small team  Analogue baseband circuit design  Delivery of highly integrated multilayer RF PCBs  Design validation and testing. Principal RF Engineer candidates should have a good Degree or equivalent in Engineering, Physics or Mathematics with experience of RF and microwave circuit design, RF CAD tools, debugging, diagnostic and measurement techniques and be accustomed to using common RF test equipment. Applicants will have a proven track record of overall system architecture analysis and specification with previous experience in the communications or test and measurement industry as either a senior or principal level RF or microwave design engineer. Team leadership experience is essential for the role, alongside experience of designing for manufacture and dealing with related production issues is essential as is the ability to understand system level issues involving interaction with digital hardware and control software. Experience and understanding of the physical layer of ****G and ****G communication standards such as LTE is highly desirable. The successful candidate will be PC literate and confident in using MS software applications such as Word, Excel and Outlook whilst be a proficient problem solver with the ability to efficiently resolve issues and maintain accurate records. A self motivated, team player is required who is able to work independently and on their own initiative to tight deadlines. All applicants should possess excellent verbal and written communication skills. Please apply to the role of Principal RF Engineer by forwarding your current CV and covering letter, describing your suitability for the role.