Title: Mechanical Draughtsman
Webindex: 72441355
Company: Baltic Recruitment Services Ltd
Description: Mechanical Draughtsman  Would you like to work for an established OEM, global market leader in design, manufacture and commissioning of extrusion machinery? An established OEM, they are rapidly expanding their Mechanical Design dept and need an experienced Mechanical Draughtsman to produce Mechanical designs/drawings. If you are an experienced Mechanical Draughtsman and have firsthand experience in Mechanical design and draughting, I'd like to hear from you. The successful Mechanical Draughtsman will be tasked with these Main Duties Responsibilities:  The right candidate should have a mechanical design/draughting background  mechanical design calculations  Adherence to customer and company specifications  Understanding of hydraulics, Pneumatics and large plant machinery  3 years experience designing and detailing OEM turnkey projects,  Medium to heavy engineering OEM manufacturing experience.  Auto CAD Inventor  preparation of specifications for sub contractors  planning and assistance of site installation  Project Management experience would be advantageous. The successful Mechanical Draughtsman will have the following experience / skills:  HND or degree standard in Mechanical Engineering or a timeserved draughtsman  Candidates should have experience in a broad range of engineering  The successful Mechanical Draughtsman will have the following Personal Characteristics:  It is essential that candidates possess drive and enthusiasm  Tenacious and determined to succeed in a demanding environment.  Keep calm, constructive and disciplined when under pressure.  A good team player with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. The successful Electronics Engineer will receive the following Salary / Benefits Package: **** pa Permanent / Staff Contract Pension Scheme (Contribution up to 5%) Life Assurance Profit Share Bonus 25 days holiday To apply for the Mechanical Draughtsman role; Please contact Ross Paxton, Senior Engineering Consultant  Baltic Recruitment with a CV to apply. . Baltic Recruitment offer recruitment expertise in various vertical markets. My key focus is to offer an excellent service and provide my clients with sector expertise in Manufacturing, Engineering and Electronics sectors specifically. Baltic Recruitment is renowned for its commitment to excellence, innovation in recruitment and a strong work ethic and integrity. These qualities deliver a strength and depth to our service that form the foundation of our success. This vacancy is being advertised by Baltic Recruitment Services Ltd. The services advertised by Baltic Recruitment Services Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Due to the high number of applications, we cannot guarantee feedback on all applications. www.balticrecruitment.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MechanicalDraughtsman_job****