Title: Optomechanical Design Engineer
Webindex: 71367660
Company: Search Consultancy
Description: Optomechanical Design Engineer West Sussex ****k  Benefits Our West Sussex based client designs & manufactures high cost capital equipment. They require a Optomechanical Design Engineer to provide Thermomechanical analysis, design and development of diode pumped solid state laser systems. Key areas of Responsibility:  Thermomechanical modelling and analysis of high power laser head components and assemblies using SolidWorks/FEA or similar tools.  Mechanical design of pump and gain modules for the high power laser systems and components using SolidWorks.  Choose materials including mounts and thermal interface to insure an optimized performance of pump and gain modules and other optical components for high power laser.  General mechanical design using Autocad.  Create detail design prints of optical mounts and components to be manufactured by a sub contractor or purchased from the vendor.  Liaise with sub contract suppliers on technical / cost issues.  Work closely with laser and optical engineers on trade studies, concept development, design validation and feasibility studies  Support Production group on prototype test, pilot build and vendor qualification and design change validation effort.  Support Operations group with supplier selection and technical enquires.  Modify / update drawings using an engineering change control system. The Candidate: Degree in mechanical engineering or other relevant field is essential. A post graduate degree would be highly desirable. A minimum of 3 years industrial experience is desired. The successful candidate will have 3 years experience of using a recent version of SolidWorks and will have experience of some or all of the following: thermal modelling and analysis using SolidWorks/FEA, ANSYS or similar, optomechanical design and analysis, Autocad, cooling system design (water, liquid nitrogen), vacuum compatibility, structural analysis, tolerance analysis, parts definition systems, creation and maintenance of BOMs, engineering change control, configuration management. The Package  From ****k  Benefits