Title: Remote Customer Support Engineer
Webindex: 69995392
Company: IC Resources
Description: Remote Customer Support Engineer I have an exciting opportunity for a tier **** customer support engineer for a role based the Southern Frankfurt area, Germany. If you are an experience technical support / field service engineer for equipment in the semiconductor industry  this could be the role for you Our client is one of the leading optics providers in the World  As well as covering a range of industries worldwide, within the Semiconductor market  they manufacture standalone measurement tools. One of their main growth areas at the moment, is in the market of Reticles / Masks inspection, used for semiconductor photolithography processes. Our client require an engineer to provide tier **** customer support for their business partners around the world. This role will come with 50% international travel, providing onsite support  as well as 50% based in Germany, delivering remote support. The technology is based on Electron beam tools. The successful candidate will be required to: Take ownership of your given toolset, in this instance electron beam equipment, and provide all forms of support. Including, installations, maintenance, troubleshooting, remote technical support and more. Providing training to other/new members of the team, as well as technicians and engineers from client sites. Excellent communication skills, which will be needed to resolve highly technical issues, via phone, email and other means of electronic communication. Contacts will come from a variety of countries. Flexible to travel international for 50% of your working year, including trips at short notice. Be able to adapt to an environment of different needs and cultures at customer fabs The successful candidate will have the following: Existing experience in the semiconductor industry, particularly as a field service engineer or similar. Electron beam equipment background would be extremely sought after. Existing experience travelling internationally, and comfortable to continue doing so. Customer facing experience and handling escalated issues is an advantage. Fluent English is a must. Fluent German would be beneficial. A college/University degree, in Engineering or Physics  similar or better. If you are interested in this opportunity  or know an engineer that would be  please apply now and send your CV through to us to discuss further. Key Words: jobs, IC, semiconductor, wafer, Halbleiter, fab, manufacturing, equipment, engineer, field service, remote support, technical support, travel, engineering, maintenance, electron beam, ebeam, ebeam, electronbeam, lithography, mask, reticle, photolithography, Germany, Europe, Far East, USA, inspection, optics, metrology IC Resources  your first contact for semiconductor manufacturing IC test jobs globally. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RemoteCustomerSupportEngineer_job****