Title: Lift Service Manager
Webindex: 66961011
Company: Clyde Valley Lifts
Description: Scotland ’s leading independent lift company is currently seeking to recruit an experienced Lift Service Manager with an extensive background in the management of the servicing and maintenance of both passenger and goods lifts. The successful individual must be a high achiever as they will be responsible for the organisation’s overall service delivery to the client as well as managing all the existing lift assets with absolute budgetary control. We are offering the successful candidate an excellent opportunity which comes with a highly competitive basic salary, car and a host of other benefits associated with a growing business of this size. Duties Responsibilities:  Management of key service personnel to ensure the maintenance of existing lifts to BS standards and in line with the client’s contractual service terms.  Full financial responsibility for the Service and Maintenance cost centre and its associated growth.  Extensive knowledge and experience of Loler requirements and their use within the lift industry.  Reporting to Company Service Director Candidate Qualifications  Ability to demonstrate excellent commercial knowledge in respect to contractual obligations as a service provider.  Excellent people management skills.  Full understanding of current Health Safety procedures and standards applicable to the job role Good communicator at all levels within the organisation and especially with the company’s client interface which encompasses large public institutions as well as multinational organisations. Ability to demonstrate and deliver good competencies and core behaviours in accordance with their job role. A selfstarter who displays a good use of their own initiative A good team player with a flexible attitude and enthusiasm for their work Essentially an analytical thinker and problem solver who has a strong focus on attention to detail and a results driven attitude. Good time management skills A valid UK driving licence is a requirement This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LiftServiceManager_job****