Title: Interim Building Services/Engineering Manager
Webindex: 72445044
Company: Management Recruitment Group
Description: Our client is a large public sector body with a multisite estates portfolio. They are seeking an Interim Maintenance Operations Manager to join their successful inhouse, technical client team.Reporting to the Head of Engineering, you will be responsible for the provision of their Engineering services and systems to high professional standards, to ensure regulatory compliance and continuity of business operations. They manage an iconic estate with a diverse portfolio of aged and prestigious buildings. These services include: •Electrical systems; (High Voltage and Low Voltage), security systems, lifts and escalators, lifesafety systems etc. •E.g. Mechanical systems; HVAC, gas, water systems and management, plumbing, life safety systems etc. •To actively pursue the reduction of Energy consumption through innovation and utilisation of the systems available. Key Responsibilities •Management of the Engineering services, systems and equipment, to ensure that business continuity and legislative /regulatory compliance is achieved. •Assist in the delivery of their Master Plan with respect to M E services. •Management and monitoring of resources, to ensure that both their and industry standards of safety, attendance, contractual obligations, quality of work, value for money etc. are achieved. •Provision of accurate financial information and contract administration, to ensure that the financial business objectives are met and that budgets are delivered to meet end of year targets. •Procurement of contract and consultancy services and goods, within the guidelines set, to ensure that purchases are able to withstand public scrutiny. Person Specification The successful candidate will possess significant estates management experience in a similar technical management role encompassing the maintenance and installation of Mechanical and Electrical systems and services, including the management of projects and specialist contracts and contractors. You will also have demonstrable experience in the management and operation of High and Low voltage systems; life safety, security, lighting, power etc. with experience in technical report writing and presenting business cases. The interim period will be for up to 6 months (with the possibility of a permanent contract). This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InterimBuildingServicesEngineeringManager_job****