Title: Systems Architect  MidLevel
Webindex: 67894697
Description: Systems Architect Permanent Farnborough  Commutable from Guildford, Woking, Basingstoke, Reading, Bracknell **** p.a. basic salary benefits Candidates must be eligible and willing to undergo SC security clearance for this position. My client, a global organisation and leader in its field, is looking for a Systems Architect. The Systems Architect provides technical leadership and carries out solution development and implementation across the system life cycle for multiple projects. They are responsible for delivering products developed by internal and external organisations across one or more business streams. The ideal candidate will be able to provide systems and system of systems architecture advice to senior management and input to proposals and bids. Specific Job Description: Provides technical leadership and carries out solution development and implementation across the system life cycle for multiple projects, delivering products developed by internal and external organisations across one or more business streams, including Cyber, GeoInt, ISTAR, NEC and secure communications. Provides systems and system of systems architecture advice to senior management and input to proposals and bids. Reports to the CGI Systems Engineering Manager and to individual project and capture managers as required for specific tasking. Essential skills:  Able to determine appropriate methodologies, formulate appropriate solutions and provide guidance, direction and technical leadership commensurate with the level of development of each member of the technical team.  Identification and analysis of system and system of systems architecture requirements from customer documentation such as the URD, SRD, SOW or SOR.  Production system of systems architecture artefacts in a notation such as MoDAF, TOGAF, Zachman or similar architectural framework using a toolset such as MooD.  Object Oriented analysis and design including the use of the Unified Modelling Language  Understanding and appreciation of system implementation in including software implementation and hardware implementation.  Understanding and appreciation of the effects of system performance requirements on system architecture and demonstrable exposure in designing solutions to meet those requirements.  Proven knowledge of incorporating test, evaluation and acceptance requirements into solution design.  A thorough understanding of interface and design standards, their interpretation, their incorporation into the system or system of systems design and their implementation.  Demonstrable understanding of carrying out the a role in a project where the development process is the Rational Unified Process or a comparable incremental or iterative process or an agile process, coupled with an understanding of the benefits and limitations of such processes and knowledge of tailoring them for a project. Candidates must be eligible and willing to undergo SC security clearance for this position. This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. We will never send your CV without your permission.