Title: Contract Manager  M E Maintenance
Webindex: 69559117
Company: The Management Recruitment Group
Description: Contract Manager  Bracknell  up to **** plus Car / Allowance Building Services Maintenance Manager with experience of running a large FM and Hard services commercial facility About the Role; This is a research and development facility that employs over **** direct personnel on a very large campus. The service provider manages the operations of their own maintenance team as well as various specialist maintenance service providers. In your capacity of Engineering Services Manager you would liaise very closely with the client and be support the regional general manager. The site plant ranges from water treatment plant, Generator plant, HV and LV switch gear, provision of a proposed upgrade of UPS systems, BMS systems, Chillers and boiler equipment. In addition to the Mechanical and Electrical systems you would also be responsible for the Fabric and the infrastructure of the campus. You would need to be able to liaise with the various departmental managers in order to put together comprehensive reports on the schedule of works; as there is a diverse mixture of maintenance contracts that are highly process driven and use systems of KPi s and SLA s in order to reduce the disruption to the service delivery. In addition you would also attend client meetings with the Area Manager and be able to contribute to the discussions in a very proactive way. About the Person; Ideally we would prefer a manager qualified to HND or Degree electrically biased with HV and LV distribution experience and an electrical qualification. We would also give preference to anyone who is or has been a HVAP with experience in switching procedures. A strong building services technical background is really what counts. If you are a Maintenance Manager with Mechanical or Electrical experience and would like to discuss this position in more detail please submit your CV via this advert to Martin Paxman at The Management Recruitment Group or call (Apply online only) in confidence