Title: MultiSkilled Maintenance Technician
Webindex: 60422307
Company: Support Services Group 
Description: MultiSkilled Maintenance Technician  ****k  overtime  bonus County Durham The Job Opportunity This is an excellent job opportunity for an experienced MultiSkilled Maintenance Technician to work in an exciting and challenging role, for a global engineering company, within the County Durham area. You will be a member of a small engineering team working a continental s Skills: Main Duties You will ensure that Health & Safety and Quality Standards are achieved. General maintenance duties. Installations, fault finding, Inspections, Servicing. Planned preventative maintenance. Project improvement schemes. Maintenance, installations and repair of electrical / mechanical equipment. Contribute to existing improvement opportunities. Any other duties that could reasonably be expected as being within the remit of the post. Qualifications: Qualifications and Experience Required: Time served apprenticeship either electrical or mechanical. Experience of PLCs. Applicants will be experienced in fast moving light process engineering, ideally food related. Ideally experienced with Pneumatics, Hydraulics, Temperature control, Instrumentation and Welding. ExecEngineers welcome applications from candidates of all ages. However, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Due to the high volume of applications we receive, unfortunately, we are unable to provide individual feedback on applications. We may also keep your details on file and contact you in the future regarding relevant career opportunities. PROFILE OF EXEC ENGINEERS RECRUITMENT ExecEngineers Ltd recruit for a plethora of permanent, temporary and interim jobs in the Technical Engineering & Manufacturing industries. Our key strengths lie within the Automotive, Aerospace, Chemical / Process, Pharmaceutical, Energy, Oil & Gas, Electronics, Software, Food & Drink, F.M.C.G and Marine markets. We place a broad spectrum of professionals from areas as diverse as design, purchasing, planning, maintenance, production, operations, management, supply chain, software development and hardware engineering. Follow us on Twitter execengineers