Title: Senior IC Manager  Wireless, IC, SoC, Digtital Design, South West, to ****k  excellent benefits
Webindex: 69053053
Company: ECM Selection
Description: Senior IC Manager SoC, semiconductor, FPGA / ASIC, Digital Design Manager. South West. A leading semiconductor design company, our client is seeking a proven Senior IC Manager, to lead a team of engineers in the design, implementation and verification of a range of wireless chips. As the Senior IC Manager you will perform day to day running of the group, assigning work to engineers and ensuring the productivity of the group. Also you will provide technical direction to the group, with input from team members, particularly Consultants and Principal Engineers. Some of the technical direction may be delegated depending on expertise; however it is anticipated you will have significant digital design experience and some software experience. Key requirements are: Responsible for delivery of major digital design projects in a complex environment. Managing and implementation of digital design methodologies and CAD tools for the department. Defines the design architecture and ensures quality of the design implementation. Manages the digital design process and the work of a group of engineers. Mentors and guides other engineers; shares own expertise and provides support. Collaborates effectively with other technical staff and business unit contacts. Responsible for the line management of the team; career development, salary, grading and resource allocation and recruitment. Key contributor in a complex environment. DSP architectural analysis for flexible and optimised solutions. Drives innovative solutions for low power and range extensions. Understanding of wireless communication protocols. Experience of software architecture and configuration management. Based in modern offices in the vibrant south west of England, working with a small engineering team, as part of a wellestablished company, this is an excellent opportunity for the successful applicant to progress their career, taking on key responsibilities and in return be rewarded with an excellent remuneration package. Senior IC Manager SoC, semiconductor, FPGA / ASIC, Digital Design Manager. South West Please note: even if you don t have exactly the background indicated, do contact us now if this type of job is of interest  we may well have similar opportunities that you would be suited to. And of course, we always get your permission before submitting your CV to a company.