Title: Medical Field Service Engineer
Webindex: 68061223
Company: TRS Consulting
Description: Medical Field Service Engineer Medical Laboratory Diagnostics, Blood Bank Screening Blood Transfusion Technology ****K  ****K  Company Car  Excellent Benefits Package  Full Product Training An excellent opportunity for an experienced Electronic Field Service Engineer from a medical device, laboratory device or other high value electronic capital equipment sector to join a market leading supplier of Medical Laboratory Diagnostics, Blood Bank Screening Blood Transfusion Technology Based from home in the Hampshire, Dorset, Wiltshire, Bristol, Gloucestershire, Somerset or South Wales The Company  Medical Field Service Engineer, Medical Laboratory Diagnostics, Blood Bank Screening Blood Transfusion Technology My client is a well respected supplier of sophisticated medical diagnostics systems, blood bank screening and blood transfusion technology. This global medical devices organisation and recognisable brand leader supplies a wide range of innovative diagnostic based laboratory and medical systems to the healthcare sector, and offers 'best in class' solutions across their range of products and systems. Supported by a truly multinational 'bluechip' technology group with representation in over 150 countries, their commitment to investment in Research and Development is second to none in their industry, ensuring that they remain a market leader. At the core of their business lie product innovation, excellent customer service and good people. The Role  Medical Field Service Engineer, Medical Laboratory Diagnostics, Blood Bank Screening Blood Transfusion Technology Following expansion, they seek to recruit a technically motivated and customer focused Medical Field Service Engineer, responsible for the service, installation, breakdown, repair and calibration of a wide range of medical devices utilised within pathology departments, NHS laboratories, operating theatres and patient wards, located at hospitals and healthcare centres throughout the South West and South Wales. Applications are welcome from field service engineers living inHampshire, Dorset, Wiltshire, Bristol, Gloucestershire, Somerset or South Wales. As the Regional Field Service Engineer, you will ensure that the highest levels of customer service are maintained at all times. Your Background  Medical Field Service Engineer, Medical Laboratory Diagnostics, Blood Bank Screening Blood Transfusion Technology To succeed in this exciting role, you must be able to demonstrate a competent background in an electronic field service engineering capacity, gained within any high value capital equipment environment. You must be able to demonstrate a strong background working in a field service or technical support role, gained within a high value electronic capital equipment environment. You should be qualified to a minimum ONC or HNC level or above in electronics or another relevant technical discipline. Applications are encouraged from field service engineers from a wide range of electronic sectors, including medical device, laboratory device, print press, semiconductor, ex Forces (Radar / Weapons Systems and Biomedical Engineers), industrial / commercial imaging or areas of electronic manufacturing. You must have impeccable customer service skills and have the ability to remain confident in customer facing environments. A qualification in engineering, electronics or a science based subject is also essential, to a minimum of HNC level. Applicants are welcome from Field Service Engineers from a broad base of sectors, as full and comprehensive product training will be provided. The Benefits  Medical Field Service Engineer, Medical Laboratory Diagnostics, Blood Bank Screening Blood Transfusion Technology In return, my client is offering a fantastic remuneration and benefits package, including competitive basic salary of up to ****K, company car, excellent benefits, and the opportunity to progress your career within a truly global market leading organisation. For instant consideration, please forward your CV to the following contact email address: richard.hardingetrsconsulting.co.uk Keywords: Southampton, Portsmouth, Bournemouth, Andover, Salisbury, Swindon, Gloucester, Cheltenham, Bristol, WestonsuperMare, Cardiff, Newport, Bridgend, Swansea, Port Talbot, Neath, Barry, Penarth, Pontypridd, Caerphilly, Cwmbran, Newbury, Andover, Westbury, Devizes, Frome, Yeovil, Taunton, Bath, Trowbridge This vacancy is being advertised by TRS Consulting (UK) Limited. The services advertised by TRS Consulting (UK) Limited are those of an employment agency and / or employment business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MedicalFieldServiceEngineer_job****