Title: H S Data Analyst
Webindex: 71125862
Company: Coyle Personnel
Description: Purpose of the Job: Working to improve health s contractors within the area delivery teams. The postholder is to support the Health and Safety team to promote improvements in health & safety management and performance, and to assist in the coordination of the team and the Target Zero programme. Principal Accountabilities:  Proactively identify trends within the H&S data with ultimate goal to identify focus areas requiring improvement. Manage RIVO Safeguard training across the Project, produce training literature design training course. Support area delivery teams with incident management and reporting. Liaise with external stakeholders with regard to incident management and ensure any findings from investigations are cascaded both internally and externally. Ensure all Level 1 and **** incidents are captured and reported through the incident notification system. Maintain CRL leadership tour programme and input and manage actions on the RIVO system. Manage the F**** register for the project and liaise with the Health and Safety CDM Integrator on the process Manage the Drug and Alcohol Register on SharePoint Compile internal and external period reports, dashboards and annual reports for the Health and Safety Directorate where necessary. Compile and issue Best Practice Information and Health and Safety Alerts through the RIVO Safeguard System. Assist contractors and others in the use of the RIVO Safeguard system, data input and trend analysis. Work closely with all teams including the incident desk to monitor any trends and propose programme wide improvements as appropriate. Cooperate in all matters relating to health and safety, including following safe working procedures at all times. Promote equality in the work place and adopt appropriate behaviour when interacting with colleagues. Person Specification: Highly numerical with good analytical skills and ability to identify statistical trends in data sets.  Experience of incident investigation NEBOSH Construction Certificate, or equivalent (or working towards). Experience of construction health and safety environment. Good administrative skills. Data and trend analysist skills