Title: Project Technical Lead  Water Supply Schemes
Webindex: 72697103
Company: Jarvis King Associates Ltd
Description: Description Jarvis King are now recruiting for a Project Technical Leader on behalf of our client. This position will be based in Warwickshire. Our client recognises career progression through many different and diverse routes and backgrounds. The role is a Project Technical Lead on water supply projects, incl. collection, storage, pipeline, pumping and treatment works schemes and to supervise a team of technicians and Engineers in the production of feasibility studies, outline detail designs and construction drawings, specifications and technical reports. Experience of Design Construct project delivery is required. Responsibilities Developing work breakdowns and budgets in conjunction with the Design Manager Ensuring that projects are delivered on time and within budget. Maintaining adequate work progress and estimating effort to complete each project Ensuring that the quality of project work meets agreed standards and specifications. Supervising subordinate Technicians / Engineers, as necessary, in the performance of technical surveys and the production of schematic, design and construction drawings in compliance with relevant Industry Standards and Regulations. Liaising with designers, other technical specialists and technical reviewers to ensure that appropriate expertise is applied to projects Carry out QA checks of drawings and documentation. Take the lead role in with the D C Team driving efficient project delivery and liaising with the client and other parties. Maintain a reliable and consistent communication interface with Technicians and other Engineers Responsibilities Developing work breakdowns and budgets in conjunction with the Design Manager Ensuring that projects are delivered on time and within budget. Maintaining adequate work progress and estimating effort to complete each project Ensuring that the quality of project work meets agreed standards and specifications. Supervising subordinate Technicians / Engineers, as necessary, in the performance of technical surveys and the production of schematic, design and construction drawings in compliance with relevant Industry Standards and Regulations. Liaising with designers, other technical specialists and technical reviewers to ensure that appropriate expertise is applied to projects Carry out QA checks of drawings and documentation. Take the lead role in with the D C Team driving efficient project delivery and liaising with the client and other parties. Maintain a reliable and consistent communication interface with Technicians and other Engineers Job Requirements Have relevant experience in the water industry on a range of water supply schemes preferably at Chartered Engineer level. Have past experience and proven competence in delivery within a D C environment and the supervision of a small team of Technicians and Engineers. Be sufficiently experienced to direct, guide and develop subordinate Technicians / Engineers on a range of different client design standards and drawing practices applicable to all types of wastewater infrastructure. Have an inquisitive mind and be able to make sound technical decisions and manage / coordinate difficult assignments and problematic projects. Be able to realistically estimate work effort required to accomplish project tasks. Be conversant with the project costing system and be able to prepare and present successful offers. Be technically highly competent. Possess superior communication skills in order to effectively communicate with client representatives, other Team Leaders, Project Managers and Principal Engineers. This is a permanent role with a salary of **** Equal opportunities employer.