Title: Body Projects Leader
Webindex: 71900857
Company: ARM
Description: Projects Leader Body **** Coventry PROJECT LEADER JOB PURPOSE: To manage the delivery of the Body Engineering elements of specific projects to meet the cost, quality and timing aspirations of the business. PROJECT LEADER KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: 'Chair weekly body project meetings (cost, timing & delivery focused) to communicate programme news and assign tasks to PMT & PMST leaders to meet programme requirements. 'Act as the single point of contact for Body Engineering in programme meetings (startups, PST's, Gateways etc.) 'Work with PMT leaders to ensure resources, including Human Resources, are in place and appropriately deployed to meet business requirements. 'Create and deliver realistic estimates against cost, timing and performance to manage the expectations of the business and allow for robust medium to long term planning. 'Create, manage and present key performance indicators (KPI's) for the Body Engineering portion of the projects. Where KPI's indicate nonperformance against business expectations work with PMT leaders and put in place recovery plans. 'Develop innovative and creative business solutions to get the job done when faced with obstacles to success. 'Other duties may be required to achieve the Company's objectives, commensurate with the grading of this position. PROJECT LEADER SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: 'Degree qualified in Engineering or Business Management. 'Postgraduate qualification desirable (MBA, MSc etc.) 'Extensive background working for an (OEM). 'Background in working closely with Programme Management teams. 'Strong communication and persuasion skills with the ability to confidently present to large audiences including senior management. 'Good working knowledge of Microsoft Office projects  particularly Excel. 'Knowledge of AMPCS or other automotive product creation systems (GPDS, FPS etc.) For an immediate interview regarding the Project Leader role, please call Kyle Lavine  [blocked]  kyle.lavinearm.co.uk