Title: Senior Weld Manufacturing Engineer
Webindex: 70676235
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Our Aerospace client require a Manufacturing Engineer who is a Welding expert to be responsible for the assigned manufacturing weld and braze processes including equipment specification, tooling design, gauging, quality, and efficiency. Important Knowledge of weld and braze joining process The Job You will also be required to collect and analyse manufacturing data and implement process improvements that improve safety, product quality, customer delivery, and cost reductions. Provide onfloor process information for training and meeting engineering standards. Support special process and customer audits. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Design, develop, implement, and improve safe and environmentally responsible manufacturing processes utilising AMS / AWS / MIL, MESH, and other industry standard practices. Design, develop, implement, and improve manufacturing processes to ensure that components and assemblies meet all internal and external customer quality specifications. Support ontime delivery of customer orders through the manufacturing process, including troubleshooting machine and tooling problems, supporting the disposition of defects, and implementing continuous flow concepts. Design, develop, implement, and improve manufacturing processes that are efficient in terms of capital intensity and human resources by implementing lean manufacturing concepts. Design equipment, gauging, and tooling utilizing CATIA solid modeling software and other engineering analysis and design tools.  Work with suppliers and purchasing to procure equipment, tooling, and supplies as required. Recommend and implement changes in products and processes to improve manufacturability and profitability (cost out). Work directly with production associates, from all levels of the plant, in the implementation of projects in order to build an inclusive culture and processes that meet the needs of all employees and customers. Collect and analyse manufacturing data and metrics to aid in design and improvement of processes. Develop standard work instructions, weld / braze schedules, and training material. Deliver training to employees. Lead/manage projects and budgets for manufacturing and process teams. Perform other duties as assigned including inclusion of crossfunctional diversity. Lead special process and customer audits. Update documentation to meet NADCAP and customer requirements. SPECIALISED KNOWLEDGE: Bachelor s degree in Weld Engineering or any Engineering discipline plus strong Weld Engineering experience. Strong project and time management, organisational, and analytical skills. Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of the organization, from production associates to the leadership team. Strong knowledge of welding  level 3 inspection and NDT. Experience with Nadcap audits Experience in manufacturing. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK