Title: Process Operator (Manufacturing)
Webindex: 68096652
Company: Easyweb Recruitment
Description: Process Operator (Manufacturing) Our client is a high volume plastics manufacturer, with a prestigious client base within the dairy industry. They pride themselves on developing strong customer relationships through their innovative approach and commitment to delivering a quality service. Position: Process Operator Location: Foston, Derbyshire Salary: ****K per annum ROLE: The Process Operator will maintain allocated machine production to agreed standards of performance and to ensure that Company standards are maintained with specific regards to health and safety, quality hygiene and housekeeping and business performance. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Maintain production on the machines allocated to meet agreed standards of quality and output. b) Check both primary and secondary bottle testers at the start of each shift, and complete the required number of quality checks as per instructions. c) Any faults found should be rectified immediately and the Shift Team Manager informed. d) Comply with the Company Health and Safety Policy and maintain Hygiene and Quality Standards. e) Carry out a full machine safety check on the machines in your care within the first two hours of every shift. f) Log all relevant information in the space provided in the machine log book and complete the form Safety Inspection (Guards) A****CB. g) Maintain housekeeping to the highest standard at all times, making sure machine areas shall be kept in a clean tidy and safe condition. h) Work as a team with other members of staff to ensure efficient machine operation. i) Carry out any reasonable request from the Shift Team Manager. j) Participate in a call out system as outlined in the terms of employment / offer letter. k) Attend any training courses or inter site visits deemed applicable to enhance your skill level to the benefit of the site. l) Suggest improvements to the working methods that will increase productivity, aid effectiveness of production, improve quality and enhance Health and Safety. m) These duties are not 'limited' or 'fixed' and you may be required to take on additional reasonable responsibilities, as their business needs change.' ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Previous experience in a similar Mechanical role, must have Mechanical aptitude. b) Experience of working within a manufacturing/production environment. c) Positive attitude and good communication skills. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Experience of shift working. You may have experience of the following: Machine Operator, Planned Preventative Maintenance, Machine Operators, Production Line, PPM, Manufacturing Operative, Production Operative, Machinist, Shift Work, Shift Production, Assembly Engineer, Mechanical Engineer, Preventive Maintenance, Line Manager, Process Technician, Production Support, Electrical Engineer, Production Machine Operator, etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK's leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProcessOperatorManufacturing_job****