Title: Plant Systems Engineer
Webindex: 69250248
Company: Pertemps
Description: he System Engineer is a multidisciplinary role. To develop and maintain expertise on assigned plant system(s) and/or area(s) and use this knowledge to advance the facility safety by ensuring the overall performance, safety, condition and associated documentation of these assigned systems are maintained at a high standard. Responsibilities Evaluate system performance as follows:  Perform regular reviews of appropriate logs, system parameters, and work request histories. Analyse trends. Observe system operation and maintain a current awareness of system condition and performance.  Identify problems (especially recurring ones) with systems and system components and initiate appropriate corrective actions to achieve short and longterm resolution.  Evaluate system performance/trends to identify the need for improving overall efficiency and reliability.  Prepare periodic system health reports.  Generate documents specifying future actions as necessary to resolve issues and document longer term actions relative to assigned systems.  Review and approve design proposals, system drawings, manuals, proposed licensing submittals, operating procedures, and other pertinent documents.  Review and approve design change packages and installation and testing procedures.  Categorise and maintain a list, file or database of the information that makes up the system/area(s) technical baseline.  Perform reviews of temporary modifications and conduct safety evaluations and operability determinations as required to support system.  Assist in the investigation of reportable occurrences or operating events and in the preparation of associated reports and root cause determinations.  Provide support to Maintenance as requested to resolve system related issues when Maintenance has been unsuccessful in resolving the issue.  Prepare system design descriptions where required and provide input to training lesson plans.  Be aware of and support resolution of new or revised regulatory requirements.  Recommend to plant management the appropriate priority for work affecting assigned systems and ensure this priority is understood.  Monitor activities on system components to identify those that contribute to system unavailability and make recommendations for improvements.(e.g. availability of critical spare parts)  Monitor system unavailability against plant goals, industry norms, and performance assumed in plant safety analyses. Pursue corrective action where appropriate.  Support risk assessment process for engineering activities. Qualifications/Experience Ideally several years experience with standard system engineering. We are keen to hear from candidates with experience of performing a similar role within regulated, high technology sectors. Expected qualifications for lower grades are HNC/HND and relevant degree plus professional membership for higher grades. However, extended relevant workplace development and experience may be considered in lieu of lower level qualifications. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website.