Title: Designer / Technician  Timber Frame/ Timber Engineering / SIPS
Webindex: 72242683
Company: ARV Solutions.
Description: Designer  SIPS / Timber Frame / Timber Engineering Midlands c**** plus pension and benefits SIPS Designer vacancy within a growing SIPS ( Structural Insulated Panel System ) design team. :: Do you have experience as a Designer of SIPS panels or similar, such as Timber Frame Designer, Light Steel Frame Designer, or Modular Building Designer or Design technician, taking drawings through to fabrication / manufacturing drawing stage? :: Are you confident in your client liaison / communication skills? :: Are you looking for a role where your ideas will be listened to and developed? THE COMPANY: Our client is a significant and growing offsite manufacturer for the construction sector and needs to recruit an additional member to add to their talented design team. They design, manufacture and install a variety of building structures from SIPS panels, including currently social housing and apartment blocks as well as involvement in hospital schemes. This leading company have been making major investments for growth and are seeing a strong pick up in their work loads, particularly on larger projects. SIPS are a growing area of offsite construction for the many benefits they bring. In this role you will:  Interpret architect's drawings to create SIPS panel building designs.  Project manage scheme from initial handover from the sales team through to manufacturing  Design SIPS panels using hsbCAD  Liaise with Clients, Structural Engineers and internal colleagues  Work with the rest of the design team to help develop ideas and advancements  Produce manufacturing packs with all drawings and extras required to pass to manufacturing. It is ESSENTIAL that you have some experience in designing SIPS or timber frame panels and whilst hsbCAD experience is not essential, you must have experience in designing with a framing software application A competitive salary and good benefits scheme are available. The company is part of a large and stable group. All applicants will be treated in strictest confidence Key skills may include; SIPS, Designer, Technician, Design Technician, Cad, Timber Frame, Modular Building, offsite, Light Steel Frame, LSF, hsbcad This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DesignerTechnicianTimberFrameTimberEngineeringSIPS_job****