Title: iGen Operator  Surrey
Webindex: 72451878
Company: Aim Search
Description: PLEASE NOTE: If you do not have previous experience in the Print Industry your application will not be considered. This leading company has a fantastic opportunity for an iGen Operator to work on a Night Shift basis. Your role will be to operate effectively Xerox iGen`s and other laser printing equipment in the department, you will also assist support other areas as required, ensuring that optimum established standards of quality and performance are achieved. Your role will be to   ensure colour management processes and procedures are adhered to at all times.  ensure that, at shift change, an adequate hand over of operational information has been given to and received from the opposite number on the incoming / outgoing shift.  receive print briefs and specifications for jobs to be processed.  ensure that all consumables, required for the completion of scheduled jobs, are checked for quality prior to loading on the printers.  ensure all print applications (jobs), loaded to the printers, are checked for accuracy against all relevant samples, traces, briefs, etc., and are signed off.  carry out quality checks during and at the completion of each print job ensuring output produced is to the established standards of quality.  ensure that any notable incidents and / or relevant information is relayed to the Manager/Supervisor for inclusion in the shift log.  identify any area of actual or potential failure and ensure that the necessary remedial/reporting action is taken. You must have:  experience of running Xerox iGen Digital printers  some experience of High Speed Production Laser Printers  ability to think for yourself and make decisions  excellent Colour Vision  have a reasonable understanding of and be able to use Microsoft office applications  good eye for detail Due to high levels of applications we are only able to respond to successful applicants. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/iGenOperatorSurrey_job****