Title: Graduate Field Sales Opportunities  Leading Tech Company
Webindex: 69501475
Company: GRADUATE FASTTRACK
Description: Graduate Field Sales Opportunities  Leading Tech Company Ambitious? Want to secure a fast paced business to business field sales? If so we have probably the most amazing job registered by a client this year for you So, what is the Opportunity? Our client is a market leader in the field of Electronic Security. They provide a consultative service to clients throughout the UK across all industry sectors. Specific products range from Digital Door Entry Systems, Full Home Automation, Healthcare and Access Control Systems. As the market leader our client are at the forefront of technology and as a result are able to offer their clients with future proof products. So Where Do You Come In? You will be the driving force behind our clients continued success, if successful in your application of course Day to day you will be responsible for generating leads, booking meetings and consultative selling on a face to face basis. You will be given responsibility for your own geographical area from day one and be well rewarded for your hard work. This position is completely client facing so you will be actively involved in the account management of the client ensuring that the project is delivered effectively. This role is a ****00% field sales based, so no sitting behind a desk all day here Full support and training is provide from day 1 and throughout your entire career. The Rewards Basic Salary to ****K. Exceptional Bonus Scheme. Company Car Fully Expensed. Company Phone. Laptop. Excellent Holiday Allowance. Regular Team Socials and Incentives. Market Leading Sales Training Development Programme. Interested? Our client is very keen to speak to you if you tick the following boxes: Motivated by Working in Fast Paced/Targeted Environment? Want to Work in Face to Face Sales. Drive? Excellent Communicator? Graduate? Strong Relationship Building Skills? This is an exceptional Opportunity that will undoubtedly generate huge interest, so don t wait, APPLY NOW.