Title: Principle Engineer (Maintenance)
Webindex: 71125567
Company: BAE Systems
Description: Real pride. Real advantage. We have an exciting opportunity for a Principal Engineer in which the successful candidate will undertake a defined range of engineering activities based around maintenance, planning and delivery. The successful individual will carry out duties in line with all relevant processes and quality requirements, supplying advice and support to stakeholders and other functions and/or to organise and coordinate aspects of engineering activity ensuring defined objectives are achieved whilst continually maintaining quality and service requirements. As a Principal Engineer your main responsibilities will involve: To collate and compile maintenance tasks for programmed and unprogrammed maintenance opportunities The compilation and reconciliation of UMMS (Unit Maintenance Management System) work packages for programmed and unprogrammed maintenance during adhoc and planned Maintenance Periods (MPs), ensuring that information is correct and that the task instruction information is correct and that the work is required and justifiable. Collate all work for any Maintenance opportunity. This work may come from a variety of sources including OPDEF activity, D****B, Warranty, MoD, Ships Staff, Ship Managers, Engineering and Ship s Registers. Interrogate UMMS on a daily basis to maintain the database and to plan CAT B maintenance into future opportunities. As required, liaise with the BAE Systems SDT/FTE Assistant Project Manager in his task of coordinating the maintenance delivery during planned Maintenance Periods and other maintenance opportunities. To provide the maintenance team with a Ship troubleshooter . As a Principal Engineer your skills and qualifications will ideally include: Possesses indepth knowledge of the fundamentals within their discipline. Recognised and consulted as one of the experts within at least one domain or for possessing deep knowledge of several domains within his/her discipline. Able to perform robust analysis using recognised analytical tools and to make sound judgements based on experience. Has sufficient breadth of knowledge of warship design and the sound judgement needed to be able make correct tradeoff decisions What we re looking for in you The successful candidate will ideally come from a weapon or marine engineering background and with this have a sound understanding knowledge of the ship environment. Good people management skills and experienced in a multi disciplined engineering environment are essential as well as the ability to communicate verbally and in writing to management and peers. Salary ****K  BAE Systems Maritime Services BAE Systems Maritime Services delivers end to end maritime services and support to over 50 per cent of the Royal Navy s Surface Fleet. Our services range from warship availability, equipment and facilities management, training, product development and through life support for radar, torpedoes and small boats. With approx. **** employees a revenue of 650 million and customer and company facilities at five sites we are proud to support the Royal Navy fleet in global operations Performance. It brings us together. BAE Systems welcomes applications from all sections of the community