Title: Team Leader (Work Group Leader)
Webindex: 72441683
Company: First Resourcing Limited
Description: Purpose of Job To be responsible for the production area and supervision of all production operators within their area of responsibility. Responsible for production output and quality of products manufactured within their area of responsibility. The Work Group Leader is the technical specialist responsible for production during prototype build . Duties  Responsible for planning, maintaining, reviewing and improving equipment availability and production output to meet and exceed customer expectations to the desired quality and quantity standards.  Maintain and update all manufacturing data, KPI’s records/information boards on an hourly/daily/weekly basis in accordance with company policy and procedures, produce quality and manufacturing status reports that drive improvements in first pass yields, quality and efficiency and drive costs out of the business.  Responsible for the environment, health and safety of all personnel in conjunction with the Supervisor in accordance with company policies and procedures and to actively improve environment, health and safety within their area in accordance with company and legal requirements.  Maintain and improve housekeeping standards in accordance with the company housekeeping system and ensure compliance with all company quality and environmental policies and procedures.  Carry out disciplinary procedures in accordance with company policies and legal requirements. To manage attendance on a daily basis and to maintain discipline throughout the working environment.  Ensure that all operators are fully trained and with the assistance of the Training Officer ensure that all operators maintain standard working operations in accordance with manufacturing, quality and customer procedures.  Actively encourage and promote a continuous improvement culture through FPT techniques, to include support and assistance with the manufacturing improvement teams, problem resolution and zero tolerance of non conforming product.  Deputise for Value Stream Leader as and when required (including customer interface).  Ensure effective communication is maintained throughout all departments that interact with manufacturing (to include Quality, Maintenance and Logistics).  Participate in direct production work as required to provide cover and maintain output.  To carry out any additional duties that they may be reasonably expected to perform.  Awareness of TS**** and ISO14001 procedures. Qualifications Desirable  NEBs Certificate in Supervisory Management or equivalent (NVQ level 3 in Supervisory Management)  GCSE’s Maths and English minimum grade C Essential  Proven experience in a Production environment Skills and Experience Desirable  P.C. Skills (SAP)  Health Safety awareness  Injection Moulding Essential  Problem solving  Leadership Motivation  Face to Face communication with individuals and group This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TeamLeaderWorkGroupLeader_job****