Title: Engineer (All Disciplines)
Webindex: 71290756
Company: Jaguar Land Rover Ltd
Description: Driven by huge ambition and incredible vehicles, Jaguar Land Rover has painted a remarkable picture of success around the world. And our recently launched Range Rover Evoque – the lightest, most fuel efficient Range Rover ever  is taking us even further. Since its launch in September 2011, the Range Rover Evoque has made a huge impact. Its design, style and technology have helped it win over **** international awards, and this number keeps rising. Unsurprisingly, demand keeps rising too. Joining the team at our worldclass Merseyside manufacturing facility, you’ll help us meet this demand and build on our global success. The Range Rover Evoque sets new standards for efficiency, performance and quality. Working in one of several areas across the plant, you’ll make sure that production of the vehicle does too. Whether you’re refining our manufacturing processes as a Production Engineer, raising standards as a Quality Engineer or optimising the performance of the facility as a Plant Engineer, you’ll stay focused on delivering flawless production – and, of course, flawless vehicles. Exceptional problemsolving skills are essential for all of these roles, as are a technical or engineering degree and the ability to lead and motivate those around you. Manufacturing experience is vital too. And you’ll need to be highly versatile, as you could find yourself working anywhere in the plant, from Press, Body Construction, Paint, Assembly, Quality or Logistics. Wherever you work within Merseyside, your skills and experience will be tested to the full. And in return, you’ll benefit from unrivalled professional experience, together with excellent training and development opportunities .This in addition to access to a privilege car purchase scheme, membership of a competitive pension plan, a performance related bonus scheme and 26 days holiday entitlement and we may also provide relocation assistance if required. Please note, we reserve the right to close or extend this position depending on application numbers. Therefore we would urge candidates to submit an application as early as possible. Please read the information on our vacancies carefully as you are required to make one application only (multiple applications will be withdrawn). Jaguar Land Rover will review your application throughout the recruitment process and you will be considered for alternative roles at every stage of the process.