Title: Assistant Estimator  Sheffield
Webindex: 68805001
Company: Randstad
Description: Randstad are currently recruiting for a contractor in South Yorkshire that is currently in the process of strengthening their existing commercial team through the appointment of an Assistant Estimator to submit tenders for fast track and interesting construction schemes. This individual will need to satisfy the following requirements:  Self motivated and able to work to tight deadlines on multiple schemes to meet tender return dates.  Updating subcontractor and supplier database.  Review tender documentation to list submission requirements.  Coordinate with other departments for Site Surveys, Tender Programme, Methodology, Alternative Design Proposals, Quality Statement, Health amp; Safety information.  Prepare enquiry schedule and send out subcontract and supplier enquiries to obtain competitive quotations.  Taking off quantities and bill of quantities preparation to SMM7 standard.  Subcontractor and Supplier analysis to select competitive price for tender bid.  Completion of tender nett of Overheads and Profit including priced Site Preliminaries based on tender programme.  Attending and chairing tender adjudication meetings.  Tender submission with agreed mark up from adjudication meeting.  Request tender feedback from Contract Administrator.  Attending client post tender interviews with colleagues from other departments  design, contracts, quantity surveying.  Informing subcontractors/suppliers if tender bid was unsuccessful.  Estimating Software  Conquest (not essential but preferred) Ideally the successful candidate will possess the following qualifications/experience as a minimum:  Degree qualified (not essential but preferred, BSc Quantity Surveying or similar)  CSCS Card Holder (manager not essential but preferred)  Estimator experienced in working for main contracting organisation minimum 2 years experience We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills Assistant Estimator  Sheffield, Assistant Estimator  South Yorkshire