Title: Senior Mechanical Design Engineer  Machines
Webindex: 68346726
Company: Redhill
Description: Senior Mechanical Design Engineer Special Purpose Machinery A very successful engineering company continues to secure orders for their range of bespoke capital machines from around the world. To meet the challenge to meet ever more complex performance requirements, a Senior Mechanical Design Engineer is required. Purpose of job: To provide mechanical engineering design and development expertise to any project. Main Responsibilities:  As a competent Senior Mechanical Design Engineer,you will tend to take direct responsibility (delegating to more junior members of the team when appropriate) for all aspects of a project design cycle. E.g. from development of concept/ identification of need; to the design and testing of solutions, right through to the commissioning or signoff as appropriate.  On behalf of the Mechanical Engineering Manager, you will define objectives, area of responsibility and standards associated with each specific piece of work to be undertaken.  Liaise with internal staff (e.g. Customer Service Engineers, Engineers from within Mechanical Engineering) for clarifying the exact nature of identified faults and parameters for project success.  Undertake deliverables within a large project or a complete smaller project, to agreed targets (time, cost, quality).  Build initial design/ prototype, with or without outside assistance, and subsequently test in accordance with department standards.  Act as Mechanical Design expert whilst liaising with customers to establish the exact characteristics of an identified fault or the specification for a requested change in functionality.  Produce and complete appropriate documentation related to the mechanical design process e.g. Pro Engineer models, engineering drawings, change requests, relevant bills of materials etc, relating to the new or modified item. Experience Required  Qualified to BSc , BEng , MSc , MEng degree in mechanical engineering or related discipline).  You have significant experience working successfully in a mechanical engineering role.  Experience of successfully designing, developing and testing mechanical or electromechanical devices or structures from concept through to fully working production items.  Able to act as source of technical expertise in Pro Engineer and other CAE Systems as appropriate.