Title: Mechanical Engineer and Project Manager
Webindex: 69850481
Company: Unitspark Ltd
Description: We are looking for the right candidate to join our secure and progressive company in this interesting and rewarding role. Unitspark, a Hatfield based forward thinking engineering company, is seeking to recruit a dynamic and experienced mechanical engineering professional to join their team. Unitspark works in various sectors but predominantly within the water industry and specialise in providing the complete mechanical engineering service. Unitspark provides specialist and bespoke engineering solutions from conceptualisation and design through to fabrication and installation. The ideal candidate will be a team player with a strong work ethic, who enjoys their work and with the ability to consistently work to high standards. The successful candidate should be able to demonstrate the following skills:  Problem solving  Time management  Leadership, management, and ability to organise effectively  Good verbal and nonverbal communication skills  Mechanical Engineering background  Water industry experience  Technical and design understanding  CAD experience  SolidEdge ****D software experience is preferable  Willingness to learn  Good commercial sense and understanding  Running of projects and sites  Understanding of procurement processes  Proven track record in completing risk assessments and writing method statements  Ability to do accurate measurements and site surveys  Dynamism and ability to think on your feet  Computer literate Unitspark will provide the successful candidate with an environment where personal and professional growth is encouraged. The company has a proven track record in rewarding success. If you would like the opportunity join our dynamic team please send your CV and covering letter to the following email address: officeunitspark.com. All candidates must be eligible to work unrestricted in the UK and be able to attend interviews in Hatfield. Ideally candidates should live within a short commuting distance to Hatfield. Our sustainability policy aim to employ local talent will be taken into consideration during the recruitment process. Strictly no agencies or recruitment companies to contact the above company in response to this advert.