Title: Field Service Engineer – UPS, Home Based, Scotland
Webindex: 72295158
Company: System Recruitment
Description: Field Service Engineer – UPS, Home Based, Scotland Job Type: Permanent Location: Home Based, Central Belt, Scotland Salary: Upto **** Start Date: ASAP Duration: Permanent Benefits: Vehicle, Pension, Overtime, On Call Reference: UPSServScot As a Field Service Engineer you will be expected to work individually and as part of a team to carry out Uninterruptible Power Supplies / UPS systems planned maintenance visits, breakdowns, their subsequent repairs, remedial activities and commissioning as necessary. You will travel throughout mainland Scotland in your role. As a face to face representative on site, your objective is to promote a professional image of the company as a top quality UPS service provider. Duties & Responsibilities: You will become conversant with the operation of the companies manufactured product and have a good understanding of the competitor’s equipment currently under contract. You will undertake planned maintenance of equipment and attend any breakdown and any subsequent repair/return visits. Your role will be to undertake equipment upgrades including replacing batteries, capacitors and fans and commissioning of any new equipment installed. You must be available for participation in the 24 hour oncall rota, **** in every 7th or 8th week/weekend and work in line with the company HSE policy & all safe working practices. The ideal candidate will possess the following skills and experience: 5 years experience as a UPS Service engineer, 10 years in the Electrical/Electronic Industry or similar with a strong focus on customer satisfaction and longterm customer relation building. You will have a HNC /HND in Electrical/Electronic engineering or equivalent along with excellent written and verbal communications and excellent organizational and time management skills. You must have a Clean Driving License and be IT conversant – a laptop computer or equivalent is used for interfacing with the Company’s products and for completing service reports and timesheets. The role will suit individuals currently working as a UPS Field Service Engineer, UPS Technician, Electrical Enginer and living within a commutable distance of Glasgow, Edinburgh, Central Belt, Scotland or be willing to relocate. With over 20 years of experience System Recruitment offers excellence in Permanent and Contract recruitment in a wide range of industry sectors. Though we are a generalist agency, a particular strength of ours lies in Information Technology including Technical, Sales and Managerial positions. We are able to tailor our approach to your needs in order to work effectively with you and provide real value.