Title: Field Sales Engineer Project Manager
Webindex: 69558485
Company: Trickett Ames Recruitment Solutions
Description: Field Sales Engineer & Project Manager  Commercial Gas Installations Based: Bedfordshire/Berkshire/Buckinghamshire/Hertfordshire Salary Offered: Basic Salary of ****k per annum Uncapped Commission Excellent Benefits Package The Role: Working for a Blue Chip Company in the commercial sector you will provide commercial customers with heating, hot water and process system solutions through the effective management of installation opportunities, site survey, quotation, acceptance and project management through to commissioning, invoice and support of cash collection. Essential Skills:  Sound technical background in Gas systems is essential, Oil and other fuel types desirable.  Strong technical and commercial acumen, effective decision making that will deliver business goals such as safety, sales, quality, cost control, business growth, and excellent service delivery.  Confidence and credibility in designated technical field with highly developed communication and influencing skills to drive high volume technical sales.  Impact and influencing skills.  PC & system literate Additional Skills, Knowledge & Expertise:  Thorough understanding of what delivers great customer service.  Sales, Customer Service, Technical and Project Management within a remote field environment.  Detailed knowledge and understanding of business key performance indicators.  Thorough knowledge and understanding of good safety practice and duty of care requirements.  Commercial KnowHow: Managing for value, Understanding of the external market place, Understanding your Customers. This is a Permanent position Full Job Description Available Trickett Ames Recruitment Solutions is acting as an Employment Business in relation to these vacancies. If your experience matches please forward your CV immediately. We thank all applicants who respond, but only those short listed will be contacted