Title: Electrical Instrumentation and Control Engineer
Webindex: 69082814
Company: Pioneer Selection Ltd
Description: Overview: An expanding food manufacturing company is currently recruiting for an Electrical Instrumentation and Control Engineer to join a highly skilled team at their flagship site. Offering a rewarding and stable career with room for progression this is an excellent time to join the business The Company: Originating from the **** s their unrivaled expertise in the food processing and packaging industry has placed them as one of the world leaders in their industry. This innovative company supplies an array of branded and own label food products to major retail outlets within the UK and abroad. They are constantly developing their processing technology and evolving their products to meet ever changing consumer demand. They are now looking at recruiting an Electrical Instrumentation and Control Engineer to help drive change within the business and to aid them in achieving the next milestone. The Role of an Electrical Instrumentation and Control Engineer You would be tasked with the responsibility of ensuring that the production equipment is properly maintained and that breakdowns on any of the **** lines within this state of the art facility are attended to. The type of equipment that you would be working on would be anything from the instrumentation and PLC s to complex processing and weighing equipment. Once established within this organisation you would be given the opportunity to contribute your own ideas for improvements and lead continuous improvement projects to improve the productivity and efficiency of the equipment. Key Skills: The successful applicant would have had a vast amount of experience within a manufacturing environment as you would need to hit the ground running. The ideal applicant would be Electrical with good PLC skills, and a recognised engineering qualification. The successful applicant would have excellent fault finding and diagnostic skills and be able to bring about improvements. Benefits: Excellent overtime opportunities, Stake holder Pension, Generous holiday allowance plus Bank Holidays Salary: ****  **** Candidates can live in / Commutable from: Ipswich, Woodbridge, Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, Diss, Norfolk, Cambridge, Cambridgshire, East Anglia Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a Maintenance Technician, Instrumentation Engineer, Controls Engineer, Shift Engineer If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details