Title: Design Engineers (Water  NonInfrastructure)
Webindex: 68590771
Company: Calco Services Limited
Description: Working as Design Engineer you will be at the hub of a small team of Engineers and support staff dedicated to the investigation, design, installation and maintenance of water treatment and pumping plant and civil structures in the Water Supply System. Supporting design and construction of schemes and asset maintenance activities, you will develop optimum solutions to maintaining, replacing and improving existing plant. You will do that within a risk based planning framework to ensure value for money solutions and highest standards of water quality and reliability leading to customer satisfaction. As the Design Engineer you will have a key role in ensuring the fitness for purpose of pumping and water treatment assets. Your role will include the full extent of the water supply system from the point of abstraction, through treatment to delivery to the distribution system and from feasibility studies and asset investigations through to detailed designs. You will work closely with colleagues in the Water Operations team and our Capital Delivery team to ensure fully integrated whole life solutions. The appointed Design Engineer will have a degree in a technical or engineering discipline and a member of a relevant engineering institution or working towards achieving this, you will have experience of the water or other process industries in an operational or design/construction capacity. You will also have knowledge of PAS**** and Asset management practices, pumps, switchgear and reliability assessments. Commercially aware and with an analytical approach to problem solving you ll also be a confident communicator able to negotiate and facilitate; skills essential to shaping strategies that meet both the immediate and long term needs of the business. Calco apologise that we cannot respond to all applicants personally and only those who match the criteria of the client will be contacted. Calco Services operates as both an employment business and agency. If your application is for a position based in the UK or EU, under European Employment Law you MUST be eligible to live and work there.