Title: Project Manager Medical Devices
Webindex: 70615977
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Project Manager  Oxfordshire  **** **** Brief This is an exciting and demanding new role with an organisation that designs and manufactures a range of medical devices and disposables which are used by healthcare professional worldwide. Due to expansion within the team they are now looking for an experienced project manager. The successful candidate will be responsible for leading product development projects from the start through to production launch, acting as the primary customer interface and facilitating the activities of other divisions within the company. Responsibilities To establish and agree the scope and scope changes and ensure that they equate to the commercial agreement. To establish milestone tracker and associated invoicing schedule and ensure that these are documented to allow Portfolio Management and Financial Forecasting. To establish and agree the project strategy  both development, tooling and manufacturing. To develop and manage a toplevel MS Project plan for project activities required to achieve agreed project deadlines and to coordinate the business resources necessary to achieve these goals. To set up and control Issue Log and Action Log To confirm an appropriately experienced project team has been allocated to the project, raising any shortfalls or concerns over team member allocation or performance with the appropriate line manager. To motivate the project team to achieve overall programme needs. To maintain the project plan as an accurate reflection of current project status compared to agreed timing and deadlines, and to actively communicate requirements, progress, and change to the project team and management. To ensure that any changes to product specification, project scope or deliverables requested by the customer are identified and considered for their commercial and timing implications and that they are communicated to the relevant Commercial Manager before agreement and implementation ensuring uncontrolled creep of project scope does not occur. Where project progress does not meet agreed timing, the Project Manager must work with the project team to develop recovery plans, escalating and working with Senior Managers as required. If failure to deliver remains expected, then this situation and its implications must be highlighted to the Directors and relevant Commercial Manager. To organise, chair and minute internal and client project review meetings and Design Review meetings as required. To produce monthly Project Progress Reports for senior management and to report project progress at monthly Project Review meetings. To liase closely with the relevant Commercial Manager and to attend client meetings and presentations as required. To support and/or lead quotations for new projects, coordinating all inputs to produce a project scope and top level strategy, outline project plan and timeline, an a quotation package. The achievement of agreed personal objectives. To undertake any other reasonable tasks as requested by the Head of Project Management. Key Skills A background in Medical Devices is highly desirable but candidates will be considered from Automotive, Aerospace, Pharma, Food Ideally will have R D project management experience, and design, development and continuous improvement in a technical environment is highly desirable. Selfmotivated and able to work alone, Effective team worker Someone who is driven, proactive, organised and understands the mechanisms of project management. Education Degree qualified or equivalent  technical discipline preferred. Project Management Qualification  PMBOK/PRINCE/PMP, etc Desirable Experience of quality management systems Good Spelling and grammar [English] If you feel you have the right skills and experience for this role, please email your CV to katie N/A or call us on N/A