Title: Senior Substation Design Engineer
Webindex: 71472689
Company: Hays Specialist Recruitment Ltd   Hays En
Description: Hays Energy are working with one of the biggest players in the renewables sector who are looking to appoint a Senior Substation Design Engineer, specialising in infrastructure to join there heavily technical team. Purpose of the role: Become part of a dedicated, multidisciplinary electrical engineering group where your tasks are integrated relay protection and station control of onshore and offshore installations with voltage levels **** to ****kV. You will also work with process data analysis, power system disturbance and fault analysis. Duties and responsibilities: Primary duties and responsibilities: implement the design protection systems perform calculations within the relay technical area establish technical requirements in tender documents for the protection systems developing technical requirements for testing and testing of protection systems participate (or represent the client) in factory testing, final testing and commissioning of protection systems prepare technical reports and failure investigations any other ad hoc duties as required. Ensure the project is on time and that it delivers safety and quality: agree the scope of work and responsibilities with the electrical manager prepare up front analysis and define protection philosophy of the whole wind farm in close collaboration with the grid connection manager ensure availability of necessary data for design of protection system participate in preparation of technical specifications and Employer s Requirements related to the scope. evaluate tenders and support in clarification meetings with suppliers understand and manage interfaces for the protection and automation works towards other project packages as well as towards suppliers. Qualifications Knowledge: Master s degree in Electrical Engineering or the equivalent. Experience: Extensive experience commensurate with the responsibilities of the role. Strong electrical engineering background with experience of structure, functionality and instrumentation of high voltage installations. Experience with integrated relay protection and substation control systems. Experience with design and calculations of various protection systems. Familiar with relay configuration and communication tools from various suppliers. Previously worked with the implementation of IEC**** communication protocol. Familiar with computerbased test equipment and have experiences with testing and commissioning of numerical relays For more information on this opportunity please contact Waquar Shabir on **** or apply now.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk