Title: Operations Supervisor / Workshop Supervisor
Webindex: 70438629
Company: Ably Resources Ltd
Description: Operations Supervisor / Workshop Supervisor Aberdeen To ****K Permanent full time Our Client specialises in valve management for a worldwide customer base offering services from basic repair through to full contracts. The organisation service industry sectors including chemical, marine, water, oil managing the workshop operations onshore and offshore; maintaining associated paperwork in line with company and clients policies, procedures and systems, statutory regulations and good industry practice. Key responsibilities will include assisting the Operations Manager with the following: Day to day management of onshore and offshore operations Seeking business process improvement by the effective use of company systems Liaison with Client Engineers / Account Managers / Region Personnel and Third Party suppliers to ensure that job requirements are communicated throughout the planning and preparation process. Providing guidance, assistance and training for Workshop and Field personnel as and when required. Managing and prioritising workshop resources in accordance with current workload and upcoming job requirements. Managing and prioritising utilisation of Aberdeen Personnel. Ensuring adequate levels of consumable items / spare parts and the levels are monitored and maintained to suit activity. Attending clients prejob meetings to ensure customer satisfaction of the Aberdeen Operations and as necessary ensure speedy close out of any customer complaint. Ensuring all relevant paperwork is issued / filed and updated. Regularly communicate with Client Engineers/Account Managers to ensure ongoing operations run accordingly and to plan. Ensuring that prejob/post briefings are carried out and that all relevant reports and information are made available for the Field personnel. Liaising daily with Sales Director and Managing Director, compiling monthly reports. Maintaining a professional demeanour and attitude and provide support of personnel/advise when required. Undertaking any required training to a satisfactory level of achievement. Applicants must also: Possess relevant experience in offshore operations, some of which should have been in a supervisory role Have demonstrated a good knowledge of a workshop systems, drilling Have good personal time management skills along with a demonstrated ability to effectively utilise dedicated resources and ability to plan and control. Have previously held the responsibility for Workshop, Planning and Engineering. Strong man management skills. For full details, please issue your CV to Ami Wright at Ably Resources