Title: Project Manager  Complex Design Manufacturing
Webindex: 72232160
Company: Technical Placements
Description: Project Manager  manufacturing. Based in Kent, our client is an industry leader in the design and manufacture of innovative electromechanical and electrooptic systems. Their products and systems are sold worldwide to a diverse customer base in primary end markets of homeland security and defense. They are looking to recruit a full time project manager within the Business Unit team, based at their UK headquarters. About the candidate You will have a track record of delivery of complex engineered products and systems gained in a multidisciplinary environment preferably involving electronic and mechanical design. With experience gained in similar manufacturing environments, you will have worked closely with customers, contractors and in house engineering, over the full product lifecycle, from concept evaluation, through delivery and qualification. As a key customer facing contact, you will be comfortable with contractual aspects of meeting requirements and be able to advise management on risks and commercial issues arising from your project portfolio. Technically, you will understand different system requirements and comfortable working with engineering and manufacturing teams to implement them. As a significant share of the business is exported, it would be advantageous if you have had experience working with international clients. Skill profile  Solid grounding in the methodology of settingup and running stage gated projects with multiple stakeholders  Excellent written and verbal communications, keen sense of professionalism  Proficiency with set up and reporting of projects using MS Project / Project Server ****  Ideally degree educated, with a technical background in one of the main engineering disciplines (mechanical, electronics). Able to follow low level details while retaining a sense of the big picture This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProjectManagerComplexDesignManufacturing_job****