Title: PMO Governance Manager  Birmingham
Webindex: 68544488
Company: Randstad
Description: PMO Governance manager is required by my public sector client, based in central Birmingham. We are looking for an experienced PMO professional to lead and manage the Governance across the PMO, which delivers a range of business change Projects and Programmes. Key duties and responsibilities: Responsible for the line management of the PMO Coordinator. Guide, mentor and advise PMO teams on the Governance Supporting the PMO manager and point of escalation for key issues across the PMO Deputise for the PMO Manager Ensure that PMO standards are reviewed and benchmarked to industry standards Apply continuous improvement and assess OGC maturity Provide Subject Matter Expertise on designing and running of a fully endorsed assurance / Compliance Framework based on structured methodologies and present back to SMT As the subject matter expert provide specialist skill knowledge training on elements of governance Ensure the Governance Terms of Reference are maintained and meets the Cabinet Office (OGC) compliance. Experience: Knowledge and proven experience of Project Management to Cabinet Office (OGC) PRINCE**** Practitioner certification or equivalent experience. Knowledge and proven experience of Programme Management to Cabinet Office (OGC) quot;Managing Successful Programmes (MSP) Practitioner certification or equivalent. Knowledge and proven experience of Risk Management to Cabinet Office (OGC) and P**** certification or equivalent. Knowledge and experience of Microsoft Office products, particularly Microsoft Word, Visio, Excel amp; MS Project Experience of line management/leadership Proven experience of facilitating project and programme workshops Experience of operating in various PMO models from Project Office, to Programme Office and crucially Portfolio Offices Understanding of the OGC Gateway Review processes and toolkit. This is a great opportunity to join a leading organisation who can offer a great working environment and good career development opportunities. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills amp; qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. Skills Prince2, MSP, OGC, PMO, Projects, Programme