Title: Senior Analyst / Analysis Engineer
Webindex: 68218461
Company: Cubiq Recruitment
Description: Analysis Engineer / Senior Analyst Wolverhampton **** Cubiq is currently seeking a senior engineer to join a leading engineering services business supplying high reliability mechanical systems to a range of safety critical environments. You will undertake a variety of analysis tasks associated with the design, test, and installation of high integrity mechanical plant and systems. Preparing calculations, reports, tender proposals and estimates, recommendations for approval within defined time, cost and quality standards set by the company.  Establishing the detailed requirements of analysis assignments and formulate day to day plans to meet the objectives and timescales set by the supervisor.  Undertaking analysis tasks, particularly in relation to mechanical plant and systems, as required using appropriate calculations and tools, using own knowledge and experience, but recognising the need for consulting other discipline specialists, both internal and external to the engineering department and initiating this action through the supervisor.  Undertaking a validation/verification of calculations and designs, in accordance with company procedures.  Specifying works to be carried out by other areas or organisations, as authorised by supervisor.  Operating as part of a multidisciplined design team as tasks demand.  When subcontractors are involved, consult with them in detailed technical terms at the discretion of the supervisor.  Write reports, proposals or recommendations for checking and approval by supervisor, and may support the supervisor in any technical discussion with outside bodies or customers.  Maintaining adequate records for all completed work to satisfy company and national quality and legal requirements.  Keeping abreast of latest technology by reading journals, technical literature and attending courses.  Nuclear Industry or related industry i.e. petrochemical, pharmaceutical, energy process sectors, defence.  Knowledge of current legislation within the industry.  You must satisfy the necessary criteria to gain UK SC Security clearance. This is a great opportunity to secure a position within a leading UK engineering firm offering good benefits and long terms professional development opportunities. Please send your CV via the link provided for further details