Title: Fluid Systems Engineer
Webindex: 71367467
Company: Matchtech Group Plc
Description: We are looking for engineers with Nuclear Steam Raising Plant experience to join our clients expanding Fluid Systems team. The Opportunity The Fluid Systems team is currently expanding to meet strong demand from its main clients. The team s work supports a number of key Defence programmes covering the UK Submarine programme both inservice and next generation vessels, as well as dockyard equipment and facilities. Engineers working within the team therefore have the opportunity to challenge themselves through delivering interesting and varied projects for a range of different clients and industries. The Responsibilities Produce reports including calculations, analyses, and designs to demonstrate acceptable performance or identify design issues. Author and update major technical documents to present technical findings (e.g. design substantiation reports, safety justifications) . Liaise with plant operators, designers and maintainers. Carry out requirements capture activities to identify the scope of work required Support the production of proposal documents. Carry out hazard/fault identification studies (HAZOP/FMEA). Complete qualitative and quantitative hazard assessments. Manage your own work against Time, Cost and Quality requirements. Deliver presentations to clients. Work within project teams (though some independent work, including placements at clients sites, may be required). Essential Criteria Degreequalified or equivalent in a science, or engineering subject (physics, or mechanical, electrical, chemical or process engineering). The ability to apply existing technical expertise and a sound understanding of mechanical engineering principles to varied projects and domains. A desire to be challenged and to contribute to the success of the business. Successful candidates will be required to undergo a security vetting process and offers of employment will be subject to relevant security clearance being granted Desirable Criteria Working towards (or having already achieved) Chartered Engineer status. Experience in one or more of the following technical disciplines is desirable: Steamraising power plant, systems and components knowledge (pressure vessels, heat exchangers, pumps, valves, pipework etc). An understanding of fluid system calculations i.e. Miller, Crane. Nuclear industry knowledge. Safety case appreciation. Fault Tree Analysis. Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEA). Although the team is based in Derby, opportunities also exist at our client s sites. Flexibility on work location and a willingness to undertake secondments to other sites is beneficial. Right to Work The UK Government have taken steps to reduce net migration to the UK by limiting the number of overseas workers from outside the EEA coming to the UK for employment. Please note that whilst we are able to consider applications from overseas workers from outside the EEA ( who require a Tier **** (General) visa) we can only employ them if we can provide evidence that there are no other suitable candidates for this vacancy from inside the EEA. Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy