Title: Maintenance Engineer 2522M1BG
Webindex: 72444436
Company: Pioneer Selection
Description: Overview: An outstanding opportunity has become available for a Maintenance Engineer with an electrical bias to join a reputable company within the food and packaging industry. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a rapidly growing company that offer an unrivalled salary for the area. The Company: After decades of successful growth, our client today has a strong customer base, financial stability and a real sense of values and commitment to providing high quality products. After being established for well over 40 years, they now employ nearly **** people and have plants across the country with market leader status and a great reputation. Due to investment into a new production line they are now seeking a skilled maintenance engineer with an electrical bias to join their established team. The Role of a Maintenance Engineer: The ideal maintenance engineer will work a double day shift and will be required to service, maintain and repair various types of machinery on site. You will be required to work on production related equipment including filling, bottling, capping and packaging machinery. The ideal candidate will be required to modify and faultfind on Siemens and Allen Bradley PLC’s as well as solving problems that arise within production. Key Skills: The successful Maintenance engineer must be multiskilled with strong electrical skills, as well as being fully proficient in faultfinding on PLC’s. You will have worked in a food or similar FMCG factory based role, with the ability to turn your hand to mechanical repairs on site as well as continuous improvements. A professional and motivated candidate comes as standard in this leading organisation. Benefits: Overtime, Pension, Healthcare, 25 Days Holiday Salary: **** (40K OTE) Commutable from: Dartford, Kent, Dagenham, Essex, Croydon, Surrey, Greenwich, London Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a: MultiSkilled Engineer, Maintenance Technician, or Shift Engineer If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Alternatively for further details contact Beau Giambrone on;  **** or Email: cvpioneerselection.co.uk Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MaintenanceEngineer2522M1BG_job****