Title: Engineering Manager (Heavy Engineering)
Webindex: 69965953
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment
Description: Engineering Manager East Sussex Excellent role on offer for an experienced engineering manager looking for a challenging role for a market leading manufacturing company where you can progress to become a factory manager. Do you have a good hands on engineering background with management / supervisory experience looking for an autonomous and challenging role where you can gain excellent management training and further career progression? Founded over 120 years ago this company are a well established manufacturer which form part of a large group and through a retirement they are looking to recruit an Engineering Manager. This is a heavy mechanical engineering site with a range of various types of machinery and they need an ambitious and dedicated manager that will be able to manage a team of 15 engineers and look after the engineering function across the site. In this highly varied management role you will be managing the engineering team, managing a PPM system, project management and supplier management. The ideal candidate would have experience of working within a manufacturing engineering environment with supervisory / management experience and is looking to progress their career further and aid the development of this well established business. The Role:  Managing a team of 15 engineers  Managing Stock Control  Managing the planned maintenance system  Managing suppliers  Project management such as continuous improvements  Progression to Factory Manager  **** **** Per annum  Bonus  Progression  Training & Development  Pension The Person:  Strong hands on Engineering experience  Ideally have management or supervisory experience  Must have experience of working within manufacturing ideally heavy engineering  Must be ambitious and want to progress to senior management  Must have at least a HNC or above in Engineering Engineering Manager, Maintenance Supervisor, Team Leader, Maintenance Manager, Mechanical, Electrical, Heavy Engineering, hydraulics, pneumatics, shaft, conveyors, motors, automated, welding. To be considered for further roles, please contact us on: (Apply online only) or visit our website at (url removed) If you are applying for this vacancy please attach your CV in Microsoft Word format, unfortunately we cannot accept PDF files and doing so will hinder your application. This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from engineering candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed