Title: Risk Manager (Junior/Senior)
Webindex: 70216327
Company: Electus Recruitment Solutions
Description: Risk Managers Junior/Senior/Principle Level Bristol, Bath, Gloucester, Swindon Area **** to **** (depending on experience) ASAP Our client is an established safety and environmental consultancy operating across the defence, aerospace, marine and energy markets. They require experienced Risk Managers to join their already established but rapidly expanding Risk Management Team. The Position will allow for the candidate to develop on risk management capabilities at both project and a strategic level. The Risk Manager will be expected to support and aid in decision making of client needs in a variety of project, programme and risk management principles. They will carry out Risk Identification and Facilitation, Cost and Schedule Analysis, Process Development, Reporting and Training. They will also be strategic in their methods in the development of the growth of Risk Capabilities and coordination of Business Development opportunities. It is essential for the candidate to have experience in the Risk Analysis of Engineering Projects, preferably within the UK Defence Industry. Key Skills: Risk Analysis, Modelling, Pertmaster, Active Risk Manager, Predict, Documentation, Strategic Planning, Bids, Costs, Client Facing, Business Development, Consulting, Project Management. Due to the nature of work undertaken at our client s site, incumbents of these positions are required to meet special nationality rules and therefore these vacancies are only open to sole British Citizens. Applicants who meet this criteria will also be required to undergo security clearance vetting, if not already security cleared to a minimum SC level. Electus Recruitment Solutions provides specialist engineering and technical recruitment solutions to a number of high technology industries. We thank you for your interest in this vacancy. If you don t hear from us within **** working days please presume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. You are of course free to resubmit your CV/details in the future and we shall assess your suitability at that time. This role is a permanent positionElectus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy