Title: Devices Innovation Manager
Webindex: 71904093
Company: Michael Page International PLC
Description: My clientwould like to stepup its activities in Devices innovation. An R D team (The Devices Innovation Centre of Excellence  DICE for short) is being set up to consolidate and align Deviceled innovations across Unilever. The key accountabilities of this team are: 1. Delivery of Device engineering workstreams into key category innovation projects, meeting the criteria of Scope, Quality, Costs and Timings. **** Drive the quality of the device innovation funnel via a. The development of Device platform strategies (by category and across my client s business) b. Scouting external opportunities (including partnerships) for Device  enabled innovation. **** Create an ecosystem of WorldClass external partners and innovative funding models for developing and commercialising device innovations The DICE will be a Matrix organisation, designed to achieve the optimum balance of: a) Accountability for project delivery and ongoing partnership with a product category b) Driving crosscategory expertise and synergies via focus on key types of device applications and via developing relevant technology expertise. The purpose of this glo  Highly effective management of project/program/relationships, stakeholder engagement and the ability to work in extended teams are a must.  Developing and disseminating technology expertise and the ability to establish winning partnerships with categories and external partners are essential.  The incumbent needs to be comfortable in the spectrum of situations with internal and external individuals who can have different and sometimes conflicting agendas / cultures.  Significant experience of working in Industrial R D.  Postgraduate qualification in science / engineering preferred  Experience of implementing change at all levels  Display consistent Entrepreneurial drive, be a Self Starter, Fully Operational Project Management Skills  Strong scientific and technical knowledge  Business Acumen  Analytical Skills and Problem Solving  Fully operational Project and Program Management Skills  Ability to work autonomously in situations of ambiguity.  Strong negotiation skills  Ability to balance long and My Milton Keynes based client, is seeking a new devices innovation manager for their Milton Keynes location of their Blue Chip international business. Competitive Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy.