Title: Maintenance Engineer 2549M4CH
Webindex: 68711393
Company: Pioneer Selection
Description: Overview: This specialist food manufacturer is currently seeking a Maintenance Engineer to join their expanding team; this will suit a multiskilled engineer who will enjoy a fantastic package and opportunity to join a leading brand in a fast paced industry. The Company: For more than half a century they have been preparing and supplying fresh produce to the UKs leading blue chip retailers’ as well local businesses and has now become a leader in its field. Their vast knowledge and growing product range guarantees high quality and customer satisfaction across the UK in a wide range of markets. With a culture that strives to improve their level of service as well as their product they have created a vital advantage which separates them from their competitors and is recognised by customers. They now require a Maintenance engineer to join the team due to increased demand. The Role of a Maintenance Engineer: As a Maintenance Engineer you will be responsible for the planned and reactive maintenance on their cutting edge production line. Reducing downtime and ensuring each piece of machinery is running at its full potential at all times is an essential part of the role. You will get involved in key projects including the installation and testing of new equipment on site. Key Skills: In order for your application to be successful you will be a multiskilled Maintenance Engineer with a relevant qualification. You could be either mechanically or electrically biased but would need to have previous experience working in a manufacturing environment to hit the ground running. Benefits: Pension  Overtime  Bonus Salary: **** Commutable from: Slough, Berkshire, Oxford, Oxfordshire, Basingstoke, Hampshire, Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, Swindon, Wiltshire, Reading, Berkshire Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a: Maintenance Technician, Shift Engineer, Craftsmen, or Mechanical or Electrical Engineer If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Alternatively for further details contact Clare Hartley on;  **** or Email: cvpioneerselection.co.uk Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MaintenanceEngineer2549M4CH_job****