Title: Technical Electrical Proposals Engineer
Webindex: 69835950
Company: Candidate Source Ltd
Description: An excellent opportunity has arisen for an experienced Technical Electrical Proposals Engineer to produce and prepare technical written engineering proposals from initial enquiry stage through to final submission to clients throughout the UK and worldwide. You will be working for a world market leader in the oil and gas industry who have the enviable position of owning the largest market share within their field. This global Engineering organisation have successfully grown on a year on year basis since incorporation now employing over **** staff in North Yorkshire, Stirlingshire, the United Arab Emirates and South East Asia. As an experienced Technical Electrical Proposals Engineer your duties will include: ? To play a vital role within the organisation and very much complement the existing electrical proposals engineering team; ? To produce technically compliant proposals from an initial customer enquiry through to final submission within an agreed deadline; ? For you to be involved in all stages of the technical engineering proposal process requiring you to constantly interact with internal engineers, the Proposals Manager and other members of the management team throughout the organisation; ? To ensure the technical engineering proposal process is customer driven, focusing on the customer requirements by liaising with the customer throughout the process; ? Occasional overseas travel. The ideal Technical Electrical Proposals Engineer will have the following skills and experiences: ? Must have working experience in the preparation of written electrical engineering documentation; ? The ability to produce technically compliant proposals within strict deadlines; ? Possess an Electrical Engineering based qualification or be working towards; ? Possess good presentation skills; ? Significant working experience of Microsoft Office packages; in particular Word and Excel; ? Have familiarity with drawing packages such as AutoCAD and MS Visio; ? Having familiarity with control systems (DCS/SCADA/PLC) is advantageous; ? Knowledge of metering computer systems is desirable; ? Experience of working within a technical sales role is advantageous. In return you will receive a competitive basic salary depending on current and previous experience, skills and knowledge. Training will be provided depending on your level of experience. You will also receive an attractive benefits package which includes a generous profit share scheme. The hours of work are 35 hours per week 9.00am ? 5.00pm Monday to Friday with **** hour for lunch. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website.