Title: CCDM Specialist Engineer
Webindex: 69534671
Company: Candidate Source Ltd
Description: The world’s leading international security solutions group is looking for an experienced CCDM Specialist Engineer to join their Cash Solutions team in Birmingham, West Midlands. In return you will receive a salary of **** per hour (Annual package of **** with potential of working overtime). As an employee of Cash Solutions, each role will have specific responsibilities for the identification, management and control of risk in order to safeguard the business, staff, customers, assets and reputation. Every employee has a role to play in understanding and supporting the business in embedding effective risk management controls and assurance and be integral to the effectiveness and success of the company. Reporting to the Territory Manager as a Senior Engineer (SE) you will be responsible for: • Assisting to deliver ATM Engineering services, and in particular CCDM devices, in line with customer SLA’s; • Ensuring the Field Engineers (FE) within the Territory are trained, coached and developed to perform to the standards required by the business; • Attending any ATM’s out of service once assigned to him / her, working with the central technical support team; • Providing telephone and field based technical support to FE’s and authorise non boot kit part requests in line with authority levels; • Continually identifying opportunities for operational improvement across the retail and engineering business and to provide professional engineering support for all devices maintained by the business. The ideal Senior Engineer will have the following skills and experiences: • Demonstrable knowledge and experience of CCDM devices essential; • Previous experience in a similar role desirable; • Highly competent with most makes and models of ATM Devices essential; • Engineering background required; • Proven experience in raising standards, driving continuous improvement in technical competence; • Highly effective communication skills essential; • Proven ability of inspiring the delivery of high quality work; • Ability to identify root cause, recommending innovative solutions; • Team player; • Ability to gain credibility within business / customers; • Experience in working with a remote workforce is desirable; • Able to challenge and drive change; • Ability to motivate and develop subordinates. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website.