Title: Paint Shop Technician
Webindex: 69079017
Company: Skillframe Ltd
Description: You will prepare machines for respraying including machine panels. Modification of all brands of equipment. Set up new equipment, resolve refrigeration issues, fault find, quality control, conduct field based calls, active learning and business understanding, parts department support. Spray coffee machine parts and carry out quality control checks prior to releasing machines into workshop. Complete production logistics for break down, assessment and resolution of fault diagnostics through electromechanical testing and use of experience. FULL PLUMBING, ELECTRICAL AND ELECTRONIC breakdown, build up and programming of all equipment. delivery of machines within key timeframes, consideration for all health and safety parameters during entire process. Masking and setting up pof all paint spray logistics, completion of all tasks required in process and periphery to process. attendance at customer site to complete service work as and when required. KPIs: Paints/fixatives volumes used  to plan Right first time, quality control, productivity, quality of work, spares used. Attendance  absence and punctualit, general work cleanliness and admin. You will follow Health & Safety procedures ensuring safety and yourself and your colleagues. To ensure PAT is adhered to on machines. Machine Work: Carry out tests and refurbishment, clean machines (strip down to component level if required) to agreed levels, Fault find on query machines, Electrical and mechanical repairs on machines, coinmatics  programme coin mechanisms for machines to accept either coin or token. Remove, repair and or/install cold water plumbing, prepare, mask and spray equipment, Electrical: Ensure all electrical faults/repairs on PCBs are resolved including refit. Modify machines from paying to free vend via customer specifications. Visual and electrical PAT testing Spraying: To ensure all machines are sprayed in accordance with current guidelines and carried out in a safe manner at all times, Spray, polish and refinish all machines to company standard, stock control all paints and chemicals used within spray shop. Reporting: Complete all reporting in line with guidance as required and record all usage of all spare parts within the required timescales. Quality Assurance: Adhere to the high standard of production required. Ensure all relative checks are made prior to despatch of equipment, Ensure final certification and testing is completed and recorded by the competent person. Technical Support and Training: ASsist colleagues by giving advice when required. Providing training when required. Assist customers with queries as to the operation of all equipment. Attend customer premises to install or effect repairs as and when required. KNOWLEDGE: BTEC/ONC/C&G in Electrical Engineering  ESSENTIAL Mechanical Engineering experience  ESSENTIAL Spray Painting Certification  ESSENTIAL Welding  DESIRABLE