Title: Mechanical Engineer / Project Coordinator
Webindex: 66014654
Company: Premiere People
Description: My client is looking for an experienced Mechanical Engineer/Project Coordinator to manage medium sized project lifecycles from beginning to end and support on large projects. EXPERIENCE/QUALIFICATIONS: Engineering Degree (or equivalent) in Mechanical engineering is desirable. Understanding of project management best practice (PMI, Prince**** etc.). CDM awareness. Experience of managing contract projects for at least 3 years in process engineering environment. Proven experience in supervising construction works (civil, mechanical and electrical). Experience of managing a budget (>****K) and financial procedures. Experience of Microsoft Project Strong administration skills. Proven communication skills. RESPONSIBILITIES: Support definition of project scope, goals and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with management and stakeholders. Support development of fullscale project plans and associated communications documents. Effectively communicate project expectations to stakeholders. Liaise with project stakeholders on an ongoing basis. Estimate the resources and participants needed to achieve project goals. Support drafting and submitting budget proposals, and recommend subsequent budget changes where necessary. Set and continually manage project expectations with team members and other stakeholders. Review of proposals by third parties and consultancies. Site supervision of contractors following health and safety best practices. Construction quality of assessment of engineering and construction works. Identify and manage project dependencies and critical path. Plan, schedule and track project timelines and milestones using appropriate tools. Develop and deliver progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation, and presentations. Proactively manage changes in project scope, identify potential crises, and devise contingency plans. Define project success criteria and disseminate them to involved parties throughout project life cycle. Premiere People is a leading national recruitment consultancy with a network of branches across the UK. We have been established since **** and have grown to a marketleading consultancy. We supply permanent or temporary staff to all areas of business covering a variety of different industry sectors. Please be aware that we are receiving an unprecedented amount of advert response. Therefore, if you have not had a reply within **** working days we would kindly ask you to assume that your application has been unsuccessful. However, all CVs will be entered into our live database and we will contact you immediately should we feel that we have something of interest for you in the future. In respect of the above role(s), Premiere People operates as an Employment Agency as defined under the Employment Agencies Act ****