Title: Buyer StokeonTrent
Webindex: 68553302
Company: Purple Executive Solutions
Description: Salary:&pound****&pound****K Excellent Pension Life Assurance Location:&nbspStokeonTrent Company:&nbsp Purple Executive Solutions Job Title:&nbspBuyer&nbsp The Company: Our client is a leading provider in the service and repair of electronic and electromechanical equipment used in industrial applications. Established in 1946 in StokeonTrent, their workshops are open 24 hours a day, 365 days a year providing a complete emergency call out service. Having invested in the latest repair and test equipment, they are now looking to increase their workforce to ensure that they maintain their stringent service standards. As part of their expansion, they are now looking for a Buyer who is preferably experienced within the electronic/electromechanical/engineering industry or who has a background in electronics. The Job: Locating parts, materials and new units, obtaining price and delivery information by telephoning, faxing and emailing suppliers. Assisting in the locating, receiving and checking in/out of parts received. Dealing with units to be subbed out for repair or quote, filling out the relevant paperwork and locating on sub shelf. Entering the information onto the group CRM to ensure a fast and efficient response to both internal and external customers. Dealing with the full cycle of returned goods, filling out the relevant paper work to ensure that these are either exchanged or a credit is raised in the companies favour. Communicate with internal employees such as field and onsite technicians, sales and service representatives and warehouse personnel and external customers such as original equipment manufacturers and contracted service centres regarding the status of open purchase orders, estimated arrivals, and other parts information requested. Full control of stock management ensuring that any used stock is replaced within agreed time limits to ensure that the business adheres to its SLA&rsquos with each customer. Updating all relevant departments as to the weekly consumables and stock checklist. Looking after the collaboration of all equipment on a monthly basis, checking up to date prices and filling out the appropriate paperwork. Receiving units back, recording the dates and filing the certificates. Essential Skills Required: You will ideally have a background in procuring electronic/electromechanical components. Alternatively, you will have a background in electronics. Strong organisational, interpersonal and written communication skills including demonstrated ability to create contacts Ability to multitask in a facepaced environment Experience in developing sourcing strategies Desirable (but not essential): Studying towards CIPS Proven results in driving supplier improvement and implementing cost reduction programs If you think you have what it takes to be part of this growing business at a very exciting time, &nbspPLEASE APPLY NOW