Title: AUTOMOTIVE TECHNICIAN / MECHANIC, RUGBY
Webindex: 72133733
Company: Hot Recruitment Consultants Ltd
Description: Automotive Service Technician / Mechanic, Rugby . Our client is a leading independent dealer with showrooms across the Midlands and Northamptonshire. An opportunity has arisen for an experienced Automotive Technician to join their workshop based in Rugby. You will be joining a friendly aftersales team, and be responsible for servicing and repairing the vehicles that come through the workshop. You will work independently and as part of a team ensuring that customer expectations and productivity targets are met. THE ROLE For the role of Automotive Service Technician / Mechanic, duties include:  To accurately diagnostic faults with the vehicles using diagnostic equipment and your own mechanical knowledge.  To take all steps to ensure servicing and repair procedures are completed within Manufacturers timescales.  To discuss matters with customers as required and provide detailed and understandable explanations of faults and the work to be carried out.  To be prepared to make suggestions and give advice regarding any special promotional campaign.  To cooperate in vehicle care, security and safety whilst dealing with vehicles and report any issues or damage to management.  To complete forms and documentation included in the Company's service routine and to record details in a concise manner on the repair order.  You will ensure diagnosis leads to most costeffective and accurate remedy to the fault or customer complaint.  To wear protective clothing as provided and instructed.  To use protective covers on vehicles at all times to prevent damage. THE PERSON To take the role of Automotive Service Technician / Mechanic, you must have:  City and Guilds / NVQ in vehicle maintenance or equivalent.  Previous experience as an Automotive Technician.  Clean UK Driving license. In return for your hard work you will receive a competitive basic salary  bonus. HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients’ business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Automotive Service Technician / Mechanic will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Automotive, Technician, Motor, Mechanic,