Title: Senior Test Analyst / Manager  Agile
Webindex: 67946071
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Senior Test Analyst / Manager  backend, payment systems. An iconic brand and household name is looking for a number of experienced senior test analysts with experience of.NET technologies working in an Agile environment testing complex applications ISEB Important Extensive experience of testing complex applications in an Agile environment.  Manual, Backend, Payment systems The Job This is a fantastic opportunity to join a very well known and well respected company working on an exciting and high profile project. The Senior Test Analyst / Manager will be working as part of an Agile (SCRUM) team using cutting edge technology and will be able to plan, design, manage and execute tests using available testing tools and techniques ideally in a Microsoft environment  C, ASP.NET. The successful test analyst / manager will have strong experience working on high volume, high transaction and highly complex systems and may have come from working in a gaming or telecoms environment or similar. Candidates will have strong experience of testing complex applications and will need to have extensive experience of performing End to End and Functional Testing. The candidate should be able to understand the written requirements, prepare amp; execute test scripts and review test results. This is an excellent opportunity for dedicated, enthusiastic and passionate test analysts to work on leading and cutting edge projects and technologies. Candidates need to have good understanding and experience of Web based applications and databases. A customer focused approach and excellent communication skills with a cando attitude would be of particular interest. Skills and experience A graduate level qualification or similar experience. Work experience in .Net Technologies. ISEB foundation certified tester. Excellent Knowledge of Agile (SCRUM). Extensive experience and Knowledge of Software Testing. Manual testing. Excellent knowledge of testing commercial Web based applications. Excellent knowledge and experience of writing test plan, test cases. Good knowledge of writing SQL query. Should be able to raise defect and test defect fixes. Should be able to understand the written requirements. Experience in working on Customer Self Care application. Testing Interactive Commercial Web Applications. Desirable Knowledge of C or ASP.net is preferred. Experience working on high volume/high transaction systems. Online gaming, telecoms or similar experience. Good Knowledge of Selenium automation tool or Visual Studio Test Framework is preferred Knowledge of Team Foundation Server is preferred The senior test analyst / manager  customer care applications  is paying up to pound;****K (dependant on experience)  excellent benefits and is based in London.