Title: Mechanical Design Engineer (Thermal)
Webindex: 71708590
Company: Electus Recruitment Solutions
Description: Job Title: Mechanical Design Engineer (Thermal) Area: South East, London, Essex, Colchester, Chelmsford, Ipswich, Braintree Salary: **** to ****k plus Benefits and relocation Start date: ASAP Company: Our client is an international company manufacturing single board computer products for the aerospace, defence and telecommunications industries. Job Description Working closely with the electronics and board layout engineers at the different stages of board development for both rugged and more benign environments you will be involved in product design and development. Essentially, we are looking for a Mechanical Design Engineer educated to graduate level or equivalent with experience of designing thermal solutions for electronic products in a range of operating environments. Ideally you will have some of the following: Experience with boardlevel designs dissipating ****W or more, and using BGA packaged electronic components. Familiarity with VPX, VME or CompactPCI bus systems would be beneficial. Experience of the thermal and mechanical issues involved in designing for harsh environments such as airborne or ground vehicle mounted equipment would be a significant advantage. Familiarity with SolidWorks for mechanical design, and CF Design for thermal analysis. Key words: Mechanical Design Engineer, Senior Mechanical Design Engineer, Junior Mechanical Design Engineer, Lead Mechanical Design Engineer, Thermal Engineer, Senior Thermal Engineer, Solidworks, Thermal Analysis, Thermal Analyst. Electus Recruitment Solutions provides specialist engineering and technical recruitment solutions to a number of high technology industries. We thank you for your interest in this vacancy. If you don't hear from us within **** working days please presume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. You are of course free to resubmit your CV/details in the future and we shall assess your suitability at that time. Services advertised by Electus Recruitment Solutions are those of an Agency (perm). This role is a permanent positionElectus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location Job duration: Permanent