Title: Plant Operator  Refuse
Webindex: 72449714
Company: Hays
Description: Our Client is looking for a permanent Plant Operator to work from their brand new refuse site in Milton Keynes. You will be an experienced Plant Machine Operator (either Wheeled loading shovel, wheeled **** excavator, telehandler or forklift/clamp truck). You must have experience and tickets in at least one of the machines mentioned but ideally experience on more than one. You will be working in a large team and must be hard working with health and safety knowledge (CSCS required). You will be adaptable and show that you can deal with operational problems if they arise. You day to day duties will be to ensure the safe and efficient processing of waste in the RDF plant so that received waste is transferred through the plant and that processed material [baled and loose] is loaded in to onward vehicles for transfer or for storage on site. Assist the Site Manager in controlling and coordinating the safe and efficient operation of the site in accordance with management instructions, health safety and legislative requirements laid down in working plans, planning permissions, Environmental Permits etc, including as a minimum ensuring personal compliance with the above. Complete daily start up inspections of mobile plant. Recording results on the inspections sheets and informing the Shift Supervisor of any defects. Ensure mobile plant is kept is a clean condition by washing down regularly. Undertaking light maintenance of machines including greasing as per machine specifications and clearing debris from arms and belly plate on a regular basis and in accordance with company safe working practice. Loading vehicles as required for the onward transportation of waste. Ensure storage within the processed waste bays is optimised. Ensure waste being loaded is rotated to ensure that it does not excess the maximum storage limitation as set out in the site Environmental Permit. My clients core business centers on collection, resource recovery and renewable energy providing services for local authorities and commercial customers. To make our skills and expertise easily accessible to our customers, our business is grouped into five core services: Municipal services  household waste collection, street cleansing, parks and gardens maintenance. Business waste solutions waste collection and recycling services for small and large companies. Recycling  material recycling facilities, household waste recycling centers. Green energy  recovery of energy from waste. Waste Processing  industrial waste treatment, hazardous wastes and landfill disposal. Hays EA is a trading division of Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited and acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PlantOperatorRefuse_job****