Title: Mechanical Service Technician Installation Supervisor
Webindex: 72151623
Company: Axis Recruitment
Description: MECHANICAL SERVICE TECHNICIAN/ INSTALLATION SUPERVISOR Reporting to the Regional Service Manager, this ideal person will be responsible for the installation, servicing and refurbishment of Client Equipment on their respected sites. The role requires a skilled mechanical fitter ideally from a plant maintenance background with good welding skills and an understating of a service technician s role. In addition the right candidate will be responsible for the organisation, coordination and supervision of new installations. Overall Objectives Ensure that all work activities are carried out effectively and in compliance with agreed Working Procedures. Demonstrate commitment and flexibility in achieving team efficiency. Work closely with colleagues in other departments, understanding the requirements of other departments and achieving what is required. Identify activities that neither adds value to the customer or to our organisation. Promote the company at every opportunity, motivate and encourage others to do so. To take a proactive approach to developing lines of communication with internal customers Apply attention to detail with a focus of quality at all times Core Responsibilities To undertake mechanical service/fitting work on customer sites Liaison with Regional Service Manager to initiate contact with site Carry out site visits and ensure engagement with site manager Determine and confirm scope of installation work Prepare Risk assessments, method statements and crane plans Supervise subcontractors (assess requirement on each job) Organise external services (cranes, equipment, resource) and respective PO s Organise and expedite snagging Monitor and evaluate subcontractor performance on a quarterly basis with the Regional Service Manager and Operations Manager Coordinate travel arrangements for installation activities Complete and submit timesheets effectively Ensure site reports are completed and forwarded to the relevant project team Work closely with Regional Service Manager and ensure liaison with Area Sales Manager and Technical Sales on large and complex schemes Review subcontractors documentation Review resource requests against scope of work and availability with RSM Engagement with Commissioning Engineer and Electrical Contractors when determining scope Where required active participation in site and workshop activities (assess on each job) Ensure that respective site work is carried out to a satisfactory standard and that all issues arising during the site work are dealt with immediately and in a professional manner. Liaise with internal staff if necessary. Ensure that all documentation used prior, during or resulting from the site work are controlled in accordance with company s quality, environmental and health and safety procedure and management system and are completed promptly. Maximise time on site by liaising with internal department or contact at all times Communicate with the relevant internal department or contact prior to leaving site and ensure any technical and site issues have been discussed accordingly. Ensure effective communication with customers and internal contacts at all times. Work closely with key suppliers and subcontractors. Try to obtain information for any potential site work or future customer requirements and communicate with internal contacts accordingly. Manage expense and mileage budget efficiently. Ensure the maintenance and safety of your vehicle, equipment and materials provided by the company. If deemed necessary by constraints of the business you may be required to carry out tasks outside of your core responsibility. Ensure compliance with the company s Quality Management system. Follow safe work procedures at all times. Use and operate work equipment in accordance with any training, instruction and information you have been given. Use all required risk control measures, including personal protective equipment, at all relevant times. Be proactive in identifying one s own training needs The Candidate : Qualifications Essential Time served apprentice Welding Qualifications Desirable Coded welding CSCS Fork Lift training Confined spaces H S 1st Aid Skills Essential Welding Fabrication Skills Desirable I.T Literate Knowledge Experience Essential Maintenance engineering role or service engineering role investigating faults Knowledge Experience Desirable Recent site experience Behaviours (from competency framework) Essential Initiative Teamworker (and OK working in isolation too) Planning organisation Time management Drive Customer awareness Solving problems Flexibility Leadership The right candidate will have a flexible attitude to carry out the hands on aspects of the role as well as handling the organisational aspects of the new installations. The ideal candidate will be selfmotivated, customer focused, reliable with a strong sense of problem solving and ownership and able to demonstrate initiative. A clean driving licence is vital to the role This is an unmissable opportunity to develop a career within a successful, forward thinking company that rewards success and hard work. So, if you are a self motivated individual who meets all the desired criteria, can make a valuable contribution to the management team and who can develop the department and motivate staff of all levels, then email your CV today. Axis Recruitment is an employment agency recruiting on behalf of our client To be considered for the role please forward an up to date CV via the link or contact John on **** **** **** or johnaxisrecruitment.co.uk