Title: Project Manager (Aerospace / Instrumentation)
Webindex: 71631922
Company: Cubiq Recruitment
Description: Project Manager (Aerospace / Instrumentation) ****  ****  Great benefits Kent We are urgently looking for an experienced Project Manager to join a leading technology company. Our client is going through a significant period of growth and they are specifically looking increase headcount within the technical departments. You will become part of their industry leading team and manage projects or key aspects of projects based on instruments from contract start through to delivery. Key Tasks: To manage projects or key aspects of a project from contract start through to contract closeout. To be responsible for all aspects of the implementation of projects or part of a project within the established procedures & processes developed Coordination with the project team on the delivery of all items to be delivered at the agreed milestones as defined in the contract and statement of work. Preparation of cost packs at bid stage and controlling of the live project budgets together with finance team. Responsibility for project risk management and risk mitigation during project lifecycle. Allocating work into appropriate work packages and obtaining agreements with engineering teams. Reporting progress and issues to Projects and Engineering teams. Be involved in resolving issues and ensure solutions meet project needs. Providing monthly reports to Projects Director and Heads of Business Line Managers. Management of major subcontractors in projects  act as point of contact and manage subcontractor to deliver agreed deliverables. Technical support to be provided by appropriate engineering teams. Provide support to the teams responsible for bid activities. In due time it is expected that you will lead bids from kickoff through to successful contract negotiation.Skills / Background Needed: Degree or equivalent in an engineering or technical subject. Proven experience in project management and in setting up and running projects, ideally in a regulated environment including: aerospace, scientific, medical, defence, automotive etc. Good experience of implementing contracts and product assurance plans. Formal project management qualifications desirable including PRINCE **** Familiarity with work package systems and matrix management structure preferable. Experience of working on ESA projects also a benefit, but not essential. Proficient in all MS Office packages and knowledge of Microsoft Project.Interested parties are encouraged to submit their details ASAP for consideration via the link the provided. Key word search: project manager, project leader, programme manager, program manager, project leader, aerospace, instrumentation, scientific, prince****