Title: Geo Environmental Consultant  Leeds
Webindex: 70100834
Company: Matchtech
Description: My client is looking to expand their team due to an increase in workload. My client is a multi disciplinary consultancy which operates on an international scale. OUTLINE: The GeoEnvironmental Consultant is needed to work across a variety of market sectors including contaminated land. Key duties and responsibilities will vary between the senior and consultant roles but both will include the following: •Land investigation •Remediation design •The supervision and management of site investigations including costing and procuring work from subcontractors (will involve working away from home from time to time); •The design of contaminated land site investigations; •Preparation of Health •Logging of soil and rock in accordance with BS****:1999, Amendment **** BS EN ISO 14688 and BS EN ISO 14689; •Factual Reporting; •Interpretative reporting; •Supervision of remediation works KEY ACCOUNT ABILITIES •Reports to a senior member of the Leeds management team •Ability to work within a team on a project basis that may include staff from other related disciplines •Assistance in the collation of all project related health and safety information in line with project requirements •Site visits and act as a point of contact for new and existing clients. •Design, procure and project manage GeoEnvironmental site investigations SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE: Essential •First degree in geology or similar; •Minimum  experience with site investigation •Good written and verbal communication skills; •Willing to work unsociable hours from time to time. •Excellent written and verbal communication skills; •Understanding of the Construction Design Desirable •Masters degree in contaminated land, environmental science, hydrogeology or a related subject; •Specific experience/ qualifications on National Grid/ MoD/ Environment Agency sites; •Experience of portfolio management and key client contact; •Knowledge of environmental law and regulatory guidance; •Commercial and contractual awareness. •IOSH Safe Supervision course, First Aid and CSCS qualification. •Experience of undertaking contaminated land assessments. Package is **** basic  company vehicle and package dependant on experience. For further details please call Dave Kua at Matchtech on [blocked]. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.