Title: Principal Electrical/Electronics Engineer
Webindex: 71708518
Company: JAM Recruitment
Description: Are you a senior electrical/electronics engineer looking for a new challenge? Do you have experience using Altium designer and cadence? Do you have experience of ECU development and circuit design? Do you have an Automotive background? If so read on as this could be the ideal role for you The client I am representing is an industry leading technology company and due to a period of sustained growth, is currently looking for a Principal Electrical/Electronics Engineer to apply electrical electronic engineering design and prototype build skills in the development of fuel cell stacks, systems and associated test systems. You will also lead specific design tasks through delegation from line manager, to support the business. The responsibilities of the role are;  Implement electrical electronic engineering design and prototype build skills in the development of in vehicle electrical systems, fuel cell stacks and associated systems  Use a high degree of innovation and technical judgement to interpret Programme Manager/external customer requirements and devise appropriate solutions for novel and complex problems. Development of hardware test applications and driver interface test harnesses,  Understand resource requirements, risk and technical quality to ensure delivery of effective solutions to problems.  Operate change management during engineering drawing updates, to ensure that configuration control is maintained, and best practice/lessons learned are shared effectively amongst peers. Communication with suppliers, customers and other internal engineering teams.  Understand any standard tests and acceptance criteria for stacks, systems and key components relevant to the design, to ensure effective programme/customer delivery. The requirements for the role are;  Experience in the use of Altium Designer and Cadence (Essential)  Development of Engine Control Units  Degree level qualification in Electrical/Electronic Engineering  Automotive Electronics Experience  Electrical panel design/assembly  Electronic and electrical prototyping/assembly  Circuit Design To apply for the role, Please submit an up to date copy of your CV in response to this advert or for more information, call Ian Moore. JAM Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Ian Moore Principal Account Manager JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position. Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location