Title: Lead Maintenance Engineer, Engineering Supervisor
Webindex: 68218195
Company: ATA Recruitment
Description: Electrically biased Charge hand Engineer  Engineering Supervisor Based in North Yorkshire, commutable from York, Skipton, Knaresborough, Harrogate, Tadcaster, Boroughbridge, Ripon and Otley. ********  Call Out  OT  Pension This role is predominantly a hands on multiskilled maintenance role but also involves looking after the engineering workshop and supervising a small maintenance team. The Person: You will be a multiskilled maintenance engineer with supervisory experience, who is keen to be involved in interesting and complex work. You should be flexible and dynamic in your approach, and bring energy and drive to your work. Key requirements are; Electrically biased Flexible to work shifts and do call out Good general knowledge of mechanical engineering. Working knowledge of PLC s Key Responsibilities: As part of the engineering team you will be responsible for the repair and maintenance of all plant and machinery within your department, you will be expected to; Fault find of electrical and mechanical systems Fault find on PLC s Look after the workshop and spares Allocate work and prioritise tasks for the maintenance team Stand in for the Engineering Manager to cover holidays and absence The Company: My Client is a leading innovator in the food industry. They are a secure, global company that will invest heavily in your training and in plant upgrades making you a technical expert in a highly advanced and automated manufacturing plant. How to Apply: Interviews are happening locally immediately, so don t delay For further details please contact Andrew Bairstow on (Apply online only), email or send your CV by clicking Apply .  Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this position  ATA Recruitment Ltd, the recruitment division of RTC Group PLC, has a nationwide presence represented by branches in nine locations across the UK. Typical vacancies filled would be chemical, management, maintenance, service, design, production and project roles. With a convenient Leeds Centre location our premises provide excellent facilities for face to face interviews. For further positions please take time to browse our website: (url removed) or alternatively call one of our consultants on (Apply online only)