Title: Workshop Manager / operations / Facility
Webindex: 71901855
Company: Equation Recruitment Limited
Description: Due to continued success within their business, my market leading and specialised plant hire/sales/service and repair company are now seeking to recruit an experienced Workshop/Operations Manager to join their busy facility near Thame. You will need to drive due to the location of this organisation. This is a very diverse position where you will use your many years of managerial experience to oversee a variety of different areas of the business, to include:  The allocation of appropriate labour (first come first served )  Ensuring the dispatch and receipt of equipment runs smoothly  Liaising with transport to guarantee the most efficient round robin routes and also confirming items are out on time.  Overseeing the receipt of broken/damaged plant and, ensuring items are correctly diagnosed, quoted and fixed in the shortest possible timeframe  Manage the general facility maintenance and general tidiness of the workshop areas  Overseeing around **** employees and some additional driving staff. This is a structured ISO and internal process organisation where they use Spire and SAP based data systems. It is essential that alongside your exceptional man management ability you have excellent computer skills, have a can do attitude and a resilient nature. You will have come from an Engineering/plant hire based role and/or have technical skills and abilities within pneumatics, hydraulics, mechanics (not automotive) or electrical systems to give you the ability to understand the plant equipment. This position is a full time flexible position however the main shifts are around 7am to 5.30pm or 8am to 6.30pm Monday to Friday. Screening criteria includes:  Experienced people manager from within an Engineering based/Plant Hire company  Technical experience/qualification  Electric, Pneumatic, Hydraulic or Mechanical  Car driver/owner  Experienced at running a variety of operational departments  Excellent computer skills  Ideally Spire/SAP database experienced This is a multilocation and family run national company that rewards based on your individual input into the team and organisation. You must be a resilient personality that can multi task many different projects without getting stressed. In exchange for your hard work and efforts, my client is offering a generous salary compensate with your experience and the chance to join a great team working environment. Equation Recruitment is an equal opportunities employer and operates as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for temporary recruitment. Replying to this advert means that you provide us with authorisation to add you to our database in case we have other roles which may suit your skill set. We thank you for your application, however due to the high number of applications being received, only those shortlisted will be contacted. For more details on Equation Recruitment and our current vacancies, please visit www.equationrecruitment.com or contact our Candidate Manager on [blocked telephone] .