Title: Graduate Engineering Management Programme
Webindex: 69776880
Company: Reed Engineering
Description: A fantastic and unique opportunity has arisen for an ambitious individual with strong leadership and communication skills to enroll on an engineering development program which will see you manage the operations of one of the UK s largest suppliers of construction materials. As a trainee on their development program, you will experience a real mix of practical, handson experience, coupled with technical and academic study to ensure you are provided with the right skills to fulfil your future career. As a key member of my client s succession pipeline, you will work towards achieving the role of assistant quarry manager, with the longterm intention of becoming a full quarry manager. Key duties include: Reporting to the quarry manager you will be responsible for the daytoday management of the site. Being an active member of the management team, involved in identifying and managing continuous improvements, while ensuring maximum efficiency is maintained. Ensure all site KPIs are met within the agreed budget and timescales. Ensuring products meets customer demand and quality expectations. Maintain H&S standards on site in what can be a dangerous and challenging work environment. For this role the successful candidate will have the right attitude as well as an engineering background. You could be a recent graduate with a year or **** in industry, or HNC qualified (or equivalent) with a few years work experience looking for a new role. Some exposure to sales or the commercial side of a business is highly desirable, as is working to strict H&S procedures. You must have some team leading experience and be comfortable communicating with people at all levels. Desirable skills/experience include: Educated to either HNC level (or equivalent) with a few years work experience or degree level with a sandwich placement of year in industry. Typical subjects include engineering or a geotechnical discipline. IT literate. Experience of successfully leading a team. Sales training is highly desirable, as is exposure to a quarry or another heavy engineering business. Full, clean UK driving licence. The right person for this role will have excellent communication and organising skills, as well as the ability to solve problems quickly and effectively. You will have a proactive and selfmotivated approach to tasks and have a high level of commitment to success. This is a longterm development program so you should be willing to study in your own time and undertake the relevant development activities to ensure you meet your personal goals. In return for your services, my client will offer you the opportunity to join a leading, forwardthinking organisation with plans to develop your future career. You will receive a starting salary of ****K per annum. To apply, please send your CV and Cover Letter to Gareth Allan at Reed (, (Apply online only)) or click Apply. Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business