Title: Surface Mount Operator
Webindex: 71556557
Company: Polytec Personnel Ltd
Description: We are recruiting on behalf of our Client for a Surface Mount Operator. Based in Cambridgeshire, you will work a late shift  2pm 10pm for which you will receive a generous shift allowance on top of your salary. You will be required to optimise the utilisation and productivity of the capital equipment within the manufacturing area. Ensuring that the product is manufactured in the most costeffective way and to the required quality standards whilst maintaining customer delivery dates. At all times you will be expected to provide assistance to the Production Supervisor and Company Managers. The successful candidate will be familiar with SurfaceMount Technology (SMT) electronic components and SMT assembly process and be able to setup and operate automated SMT assembly equipment including Screen Printer, Pick and Place Machine, and Reflow Oven (ideally DEK, Europlacer and BTU). You ll also have basic soldering skills and be able to rework SMT components. The candidate will need to successfully complete a solder training course. You will need to interpret IPCA**** standards for acceptability and customer specifications and have the ability to read and interpret assembly drawings, documents and aids. With excellent organisational and hand to eye coordination skills, you will maintain a tidy appearance about self and work area. You will need to be PC literate with knowledge of MS Office applications. Main Responsibilities:  Familiarity with SurfaceMount Technology (SMT) electronic components and SMT assembly process  Able to setup and operate automated SMT assembly equipment including Screen Printer, Pick and Place Machine, and Reflow Oven (ideally DEK, Europlacer and BTU)  Able to perform basic soldering and rework of SMT components  Must successfully complete solder training course (company provided)  Able to pick components and prepare kits for manufacturing  Able to maintain accurate production documentation packs  Able to interpret IPCA**** standards for acceptability and customer specifications  Ability to read and interpret assembly drawings, documents and aids  Excellent communication, organisational and hand to eye coordination skills  Maintain a tidy appearance about self and work area  Ensuring Quality levels conform to company / customer Quality standards and process control and able to escalate issues in the correct manner  Practice safe work habits and report unsafe conditions to Team Leader  Computer Literacy including knowledge of MS Office Excel, Word and Outlook  Must have visual acuity to read prints  Monitor and comply with all Company Procedures