Title: Site Engineering Manager
Webindex: 69082043
Company: Pioneer Selection Ltd
Description: Overview: A Leading Chemical manufacturer based in Hertfordshire is recruiting for a Site Engineering Manager to join their expanding team. Applicants should have high aspirations and have a real hunger for the next step. The Company: Our client is a multinational, multi award winning, conglomerate recently voted as one of the top five most admired companies in the world. They are specialists in chemical manufacturing incorporating refining of precious metals, the production of complex catalysts and automotive emission control. The business operates under a number of brands with approximately twelve facilities across the UK. The engineering processes are heavily industrial with a mix of old school custom built machinery and highly technical innovative machinery from around the world. The Role of Site Engineering Manager: In this role the successful applicant will be responsible for reviewing existing operational plans, making contact with relevant internal customers to review current performance and expectation the aim of which being to establish any transition that may be required within the Engineering functions. Following this review process the Engineering Manager will then look to formulate a plan to agreed timescale including all appropriate organisation, restructure, training and development needs. The successful applicant will be responsible, amongst other things, for: Undertaking a detailed analysis of current Engineering performance, including establishing effective KPI s. Customer liaison, establishing the desired future capability and establish a plan for transition. Communicate and execute this transition plan in line with agreed timescale and performance measures. Complete any necessary Union and individual negotiations in conjunction with existing HR policies. Key Skills: Ideally applicants will have proven experience and knowledge of manufacturing operations gained within a managerial role, along with experience of using modern Engineering tools and techniques. An understanding of Lean manufacturing would be a significant advantage. Applicants will have the ability to train and mentor to improve other people s technical and behavioural skills, along with an eye for continuous improvement and a determination to achieve excellence in all areas of work activity. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills and the ability to work to firm deadlines without supervision are also key skills. Benefits: Car or Allowance, Pension, HSA medical Cash Plan, Sharesave scheme, Health benefit, Canteen providing free lunches, Bonus, generous holiday allowance Salary: ****  Car or Car Allowance  Bonus  Overtime  Excellent Benefits Package Commutable from: Enfield, Middlesex, Stevenage, Hertfordshire, London, Harlow, Essex Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as an, Engineering Manager, Maintenance Manager If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details