Title: Overhead Electrical LineworkerVictoria, Australia  to ****ktravelVi
Webindex: 70607960
Company: Ccity IT Recruitment
Description: Overhead Electrical Lineworker  Victoria, Australia  to ****ktravelVisa Our client is looking for **** Overhead Electrical Lineworkers to work in Australie. The company will sort out **** year visa as well as provide flights. You must have at least 3 years experience as a Lineworker. The Lineworker  Overhead Services Group is responsible for the maintenance, construction and emergency response on customer Distribution, or Sub Transmission Overhead Powerline Assets. Work involves both construction and maintenance of HV/LV and SUB T overhead power lines and or mechanical installation, protection, electrical/mechanical check and or testing of electrical overhead lines. Work also includes providing assistance to Cable Jointers with the installation, jointing and terminating of underground HV Qualified and competent Lineworker Experience in the Power Industry environment and associated training and competency Understand and be proficient with all types of distribution or transmission overhead line construction and associated accessories, plant and equipment Understand and be proficient with overhead servicing cables and conductors used on overhead systems. Have a basic knowledge of electrical theory and circuit diagrams Be able to use and maintain personal test and measuring equipment Understand and apply safe working practices Demonstrated experience working and contributing in a team environment and working independently Skills Pole structure construction Work without direct supervision Self motivation Excellent communication skills including good reading, listening and reportwriting skills Good technical, practical and problemsolving skills The ability to read and interpret electrical construction and maintenance manuals, drawings and plans and follow instructions Ability to write maintenance reports Computer or keyboard skills may be required. Personal Qualities and Judgements Methodical Ability to work independently and as a team player Conscious of personal, team and public safety Flexible Electrically and mechanically minded Honest and fair Able and willing to interact with other trades Interface with customers and the Group personnel in a professional manner. Lineworkers should be reliable and able to make good judgements. They should also be able to work well under pressure and be comfortable working at heights and in small enclosed spaces. Lineworkers need to be safetyconscious and able to work well independently and in teams. Qualifications Formal training as a Lineworker is required Victorian Driver s Licence Heavy Endorsements may also be required The Electrical Lineworker will need to know about electrical theory and electrical trade practices. School certificate in Maths and English preferred together with some understanding of science subjects or technical drafting. They also need to know how to work safely in the electrical environment, and about electrical legislation, codes and standards of practice. Additional Information Training While basic training and up to date refresher training is expected, should this not be available the Group will arrange the necessary update. The training for electrical lineworker is ongoing. Electrical Lineworkers increasingly require more technical skills, as the job is becoming more of a maintenance and testing role due to the introduction of new technology. In order to keep uptodate with the latest technology, re skilling and retraining with different materials and programs has become a vital part of this job. Travel Lineworkers, as any other operational member of the Group, are required to travel to the project sites to carry out their work Overhead Electrical Lineworker  Victoria, Australia  to ****ktravelVisa