Title: Senior Mechanical Design Engineer (HVAC)
Webindex: 72662804
Company: en spiral
Description: Senior Mechanical Design Engineer Middlesex An exciting attractive career opportunity for a Senior Mechanical Design Engineer (HVAC) has recently arisen with a fantastic well renowned MEP Building Services Engineering Consultancy. Originally formed in the early **** s the Partnership has steadily expanded its knowledge and expertise and offers a comprehensive building services consultancy service within **** wellestablished offices based throughout the UK. The practice has a wide range of experience in all types of construction works however specialising in projects such as highspec commercial projects that require excellence in design detailing and finishes. Working with this practice you will have access to some of the most exciting projects within the UK and be part of a class working community with a package that greatly rewards commitment and long service to our clients organisation. If you are seeking a new role to help accelerate your career with a well respected name in the industry or just curious as to what is currently available in the market then this opportunity may just be for you Key responsibilities / duties include: Help lead and manage a multidisciplinary project team to manage all internal aspects of the programme delivery. Work with the client to develop a detailed brief and reports of their mechanical building services requirements. Take a proactive role in influencing the design of the buildings in relation to efficient services integration and building energy performance. Ensure the successful completion of the physical construction of the project to ensure progress and quality. Develop effective working relationships with the wider design team (Quantity Surveyor, Architects, Structural and Civil Engineers) to ensure the whole construction project delivers the client s needs. Produce outline design, scheme design, and detailed design reports including drawings and specifications. Help manage the commercial aspects of the project. Ensure the effective handover of the project from the contractor and ensure the final construction meets the agreed requirements and design intent. Maintain up to date industry knowledge of products and services to ensure the client always receives the best advice. Capabilities and Qualifications: The ideal Senior Mechanical Engineer will be a positive and enthusiastic team player, who holds a degree, Masters degree or equivalent qualification in a relevant discipline and will be chartered or at least working towards. The ideal candidates must: Experience of substantial, complex construction projects ideally in the commercial sector. Experience of working as part of a multidisciplinary team. Knowledge of Mechanical Engineering systems. Knowledge and understanding of the wider built environment and all the associated design influences. An understanding of construction procurement strategies. Appreciation and experience of the Technical Standards, planning policies and relevant British standards. An understanding of the legislative environment regarding carbon emission reduction and sustainability. Our client s reputation and success has been built on a philosophy of Partner and Associate project involvement from project inception to practical completion. This level of engagement and engineering commitment also ensures appropriate standards of engineering innovation and integration of commercially viable building services solutions. As a result of this key approach toward client care most of our clients work is repeat commissions or comes through referral from an existing client.