Title: Lapper Process Operator
Webindex: 70250288
Company: Expectations Recruitment Services
Description: This prestigious Company is looking for a Lapper Process Operator within the production environment for the manufacture of Rotary Dresser Products. Job includes use of current machinery commissioned on site, precision measuring equipment any future investments in technology to produce moulds and dresser to engineering specifications and tight tolerances. Key Accountabilities:  Manual Lathes, Surface and Cylindrical Grinding Machines, including Balancing, Engraving and assist with inspection, when required  Setup and operate manual and CNC control machines and tools (various turning, grinding and milling machines). Ability to clock and operate to tight tolerances down to **** micron mm  Lapping and final machining of Rotary Truer, using Lapping Machines  Determine tooling requirements, setup procedures, control settings, machining methods sequences as necessary to produce customer order lines in the most efficient and timely manner  Read review work order instructions and blue print specifications to correctly interpret an engineering drawing to tight tolerances  Mount, align and secure moulds and dresser products in fixture for manual machining  Support all team members in order to achieve production targets and departmental objectives to include cross training of other new or inexperienced employees If you have a good standard of education such as technical school training, apprenticeship program or other successful equivalent work experience necessary in operating CNC machines and other metal fabricating machines such as lathes, drills, grinders etc. able to follow verbal and written instructions and are effective written and verbal communicator then this role is for you To ensure that your application receives the fullest possible attention, it is essential that you consider carefully the role that you are applying for, and then ensure that your CV contains all relevant information about yourself in relation to that role. This is important because, in the present economic climate, we receive a great many applications and are unable to respond to them all. Hence, if you do not hear from us within one week, we regret you must conclude on this occasion your application has been unsuccessful. As a local Recruitment Agency you will be required to attend a meeting with ourselves at our offices in Cheltenham or Gloucester prior to your details being passed onto our clients. Candidates need only apply if you are within an hour of a Gloucestershire postcode or already have plans of relocation to the Gloucestershire area in place. Expectations Recruitment Services are an equal opportunities employer and encourage applications from all areas of society. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LapperProcessOperator_job****