Title: ESTIMATOR Mechanical Services
Webindex: 68806893
Company: Edwards and Pearce Ltd
Description: ESTIMATOR Mechanical Services LOCATION: Hull SALARY AND BENEFITS: ****  **** COMPANY INFORMATION:  Well established business servicing national client base  Provide engineering and construction services to most verticals YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING:  Experience in an estimator role in the Mechanical Services sector  Excellent communication skills at all levels  Strong understanding of Mechanical services including Plumbing and heating and HVAC.  Ideally a background in the trade and developed through to an estimation role.  Strong communication skills.  Experience working with large tenders, understanding of Model Costs and ability to explain variance from these due to bespoke requirements.  Ability to work from drawings. IDEALLY YOU HAVE THE FOLLOWING:  A hands on background in Plumbing / HVAC  Good experience in direct and indirect client liaison.  Must be numerate and computer literate.  Commercial approach to organising workload. ROLE INFORMATION:  You will be working closely with the senior management team  Responding to Tender/Quote requests, working from both predetermined requirements and liaising with appropriate departments to understand deviations from these.  Liaison directly with large organisations from varied market sectors. If you would like to apply for this role please forward your CV preferably in Microsoft Word format to hulledwardsandpearce.co.uk THE RECRUITMENT CONSULTANCY Edwards Pearce are a professional recruitment consultancy Established in 1998 Employ approx **** staff 2 offices in Doncaster Hull Edwards Pearce operates according to a strict ethical code and aims to offer both candidates and clients the highest levels of professionalism and customer service. Edwards Pearce have a strong client base incorporating large groups and SME s across all manufacturing and service sectors, and are on the preferred supplier lists of a number of blue chip organisations.