Title: Process Engineer (Aerospace / Foundry)
Webindex: 69670524
Company: Professional Technical Ltd
Description: Process Engineer (Aerospace/Foundry) Location: Staffordshire Salary: ****k to ****k with company benefits This is a fantastic opportunity to join a company who are in the process of setting up a new state of the art facility in Staffordshire. The business will be mainly supplying to the Aerospace market. The company offers a brand new working environment and lots of potential for career progression. Candidates can range from intermediate level to senior engineer Job Function: The Process Engineer is responsible for the development and production of processes necessary to successfully produce high value Aerospace and Power Generation Components. You will be leading their process capability efforts in a multi year project targeted developing and establishing capability. Responsibilities: The holder will likely need to interface with customers, potential business partners and supplier organisations. Lead the development and introduction of key investment process technologies Start supplying prototypes to customers in 2013 Facilitate a manufacturing operation running in 2013 Coordinate process development activities between Staff, Sales Marketing, Customers and business partners Communicate progress through detailed reporting of project results via reports and presentations Continually support efforts to improve safety and environmental performance Utilize Six Sigma methodology as the primary method of problems solving and investigating problems. Strong project management skills are required with multiple project responsibilities Evaluate performance of manufacturing operations and expedites actions as required to obtain maximum production efficiency. Evaluates operations direct variable cost and manufacturing yield performance Recommend and implement cost reduction activities Support all aspects of product quality implementing corrective actions where necessary Develop and provide Standard Operating Procedures to assure effective control of manufacturing processes Recommend and develop proposals for capital improvements Responsible for compliance with established company policies and procedures pertaining to Quality, Personnel, Purchasing environmental control, security and Health and Safety Creates work environment that expects high performance and keeps morale high Provide Requirements: Degree in engineering required Manufacturing experience in the foundry industry preferred A strong technical background Candidates should be knowledgeable on processes and have experience with determining the causes for product defects. Identify the causes for defects in NI or Co superalloy and then implement the appropriate process changes for their elimination As necessary, direct or indirect supervision of technical personnel. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a new business that is part of a multimillion pound global organisation. The post offers a fantastic salary with accompanying benefits and a very interesting and rewarding future. Interested applicants, please forward a copy of your CV details to Beverley.reavillprofessionaltechnical.com (Agy) Professional Technical is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Professional Technical is a specialist recruitment consultancy supporting the engineering recruitment market, developing recruitment partnerships with engineering businesses on a national scale. Professional Technical supply the talent so that our clients can focus on creating and engineering that continue to push the boundaries within British manufacturing.