Title: Cabling Engineer
Webindex: 69973212
Company: Ashdown Group
Description: A highly successful global technology company with an evergrowing client base is looking to recruit a bright and articulate Cabling Technician into their team based at their Slough office. Please note, initially this will be a fixed term contract for **** months however the company is committed to retaining proven employees and has just offered a permanent position to one of their fixed term contractors. Working in a high availability data storage and connectivity environment which operates twentyfour/seven you will be expected to work shifts along with the rest of the team on a rota basis. You will have regular interaction with clients so excellent communication and organisation skills are essential. The successful candidate will be responsible for monitoring and maintaining a complex technical environment to agreed quality standards. Duties will include terminations, testing and labelling of all cross connects in the data centre (COAX, Cat**** Cat6 and Fibre) as well as hardware installations including shelves, power strips, rails, cable management and customer equipment. In order to be suitable for this role is essential to have proven cabling skills including installation, termination and testing (Cat5e, Cat6a, Fibre). It is essential to have proven client facing experience with excellent customer service skills. The ideal candidate will have experience working in a Data Centre Technician, NOC Engineer, Cabling Engineer or similar role. This role is paying an annual basic salary of **** pro rata (including 3,000 shift allowance) plus benefits including 10% bonus, contributory pension, BUPA healthcare, subsidised gym 25 days annual leave. To apply for this Cabling Engineer/Data Centre Technician role please send a WORD version of your CV including reference: ASH****JJ in the subject line of your email. The Ashdown Group Ltd acts as an employment agency in respect of permanent vacancies and as an employment business in respect of temporary vacancies.