Title: Opportunity; Fire and Security Maintenance Engineer
Webindex: 71367854
Company: Niyaa People Ltd
Description: Opportunity; Fire and Security Maintenance Engineer ****  **** plus van plus benefits Birmingham / West Midlands Company information: Working for this well established national Fire and Security contractor, you will be responsible for a variety of Fire alarm maintenance on commercial projects and security maintenance. Clients include Vodaphone, Severn Trent Water, Banks and office blocks. You will be working in a mobile capacity on commercial properties through out the West and East Midlands region. Working on fire systems, Intruder alarm, CCTV and access control systems. Key Skills required: Working with a customer focused team and have good customer liaison skills. Experience of planned and reactive electrical maintenance within commercial properties on all types of fire alarms. 17th Edition Electrical an advantage City and Guilds **** would be an advantage Work on a callout rota Working in a mobile capacity Security systems, emergency lighting, panic systems, access control, sprinkler systems. Previous experience and/or qualifications to ensure understanding of relevant fire, access, intruder and CCTB systems Experience of addressable fire alarm devices (Hochiki HRE and ESP, Apollo) Fire alarm sounder systems Intruder Alarm maintenance CCTV maintenance Dedicated Micro, Interlex, Tecton, Pelco Access Control and door system, AFX Chubb, Cardax, PAC etc  An ability to find and rectify earth faults as well as open and short circuit faults. This company offer a stable future to any potential candidate, as well as working in a culture that is family and team orientated. The ideal candidate will have had previous experience of fire alarm maintenance and Instillation with another contractor or similar organisation Niyaa People represent Building Services professionals seeking freelance or permanent employment across the Midlands region from our Birmingham office. We deal with a range of small, medium and large Contractors, Local Authorities, Charities and Housing Associations. **** referral incentive: If you know of anyone who you feel maybe suitable for this role we would welcome a personal or professional referral. We thank each successful referral with **** For a more comprehensive list of our temporary and permanent vacancies, please contact us on (Apply online only)