Title: Mechanical Associate
Webindex: 66409388
Company: Project Resource   Thames Valley & South West England
Description: Mechanical Associate East Berkshire Salary: up to **** per annum  Car, Pension, Health, Shares and bonus Job ref: DR56957 One of the largest M E Engineering Consultancies in Europe with a Building Services team based in East Berkshire near Middlesex. My client provides sustainable solutions and authoritative impartial engineering advice on major projects worldwide. Currently offering a fantastic opportunity to work in a dynamic, client facing environment on leading edge building designs. Due to recent expansion within the team a new opportunity has arisen for a talented and ambitious Mechanical Associate. The Role: In this role you will work as part of multidisciplinary design team for several of our key clients supporting the delivery of a wide variety of small and large scale projects. Working closely with clients, architects and other members of the professional team you will take an active role in developing project briefs and designing and developing potential strategies and solutions in order to assist in delivering high quality projects. Reporting to the Operations Director, you will be required to assist in the overall management of the business in addition to a design group and be actively involved in business development/workwinning. The successful Mechanical Associate should be an experienced Building Services Engineer with a relevant degree and ideally have attained Chartered status. You should have excellent design skills, a track record in successfully managing multidisciplinary project teams with the ability to work on your own initiative. This is a senior management position and you will require to:  Project a professional image to clients and colleagues  Be able to work collaboratively with others to form strong positive working relationships with colleagues, clients and contractors.  Be able to recognise your own impact on others and adapt your approach where appropriate  Manage project resources and costs to ensure profitable outcomes  Develop relationships and new business To apply for this opportunity or to find out about other Mechanical Electrical Design Engineering opportunities please call Daniel Risby at Project Resource or email d.risbyprojectresource.co.uk Project Resource Limited specialises in the supply of Mechanical Electrical Design professionals in the South East of England as well London as the rest of the UK and overseas. The services advertised by Project Resource are that of an employment business and/ or agency Keywords: Building Services / Building Services Engineer / M E Consultancy / Building Services Design / Mechanical Services / Principal Mechanical Engineer / Lead Mechanical Engineer / Mechanical Engineer / CIBSE / IMechE / CEng / Mechanical Associate Engineer / Associate Mechanical Engineer / Mechanical Associate / Building Services Consultancy / CIBSE / Associate Engineer This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MechanicalAssociate_job****