Title: Electronics Engineer Analogue, Hardware
Webindex: 68218486
Company: Inspired Recruitment
Description: Electronics Engineers required for a leading systems integrator within the aerospace and defence sector. The organisation continues to capitalise on its success in engineering disciplines encompassing sophisticated human machine interface, data and power solutions and electronics systems Job Role The Electronics Engineer will be tasked with delivering original analogue electronics design activities for new products to support the latest vehicles systems. Key responsibilities Design of analogue circuits including EMC signal filtering, DCDC converters, motor drive, analogue/digital interface electronics. Generation of control plans for PCB layout Design for thermal effects including sizing and calculation of heat sink requirements. Working with systems, software and mechanical engineers to ensure successful overall product design. Design to meet safety requirements and design standards including architectures to provide redundancy, avoidance of common failure modes, failure detection and functional reliability. Design specifications Experience of analogue design including EMC signal filtering, DCDC converters, motor drive Knowledge of EMC issues Expertise in schematic capture and design to meet constrained space envelope. Desirable: Vetronics and / or aerospace systems Experience of network technologies such as CANBus, TTP, Ethernet. Experience interfacing with microcontroller, microprocessor, CPLD or FPGA devices. Mentor Graphics DX Designer / PADS Knowledge of DOORS This is a fantastic opportunity to join a global organisation considered a leader in its fields of expertise and has a world wide customer base. Due to the nature of the work, applicants must be capable of obtaining SC level UK security clearance To apply please send a copy of your latest CV and salary expectations to Quang or contact me on (Apply online only) Inspired Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy