Title: Planner  Essex
Webindex: 68804966
Company: Randstad
Description: Listed in the Top 10 UK construciton ocmpanies, this established and successful contractor is looking to appoint an experience construciotn Planner of Senior Planner for their Eastern region. Your overall objective will be to ensure that tenders are evaluated correctly for working method and timescales, evaluating the most economic options. When required, assist Project Managers with programme evaluation and updates. Where appropriate, you will also oversee the Planners within the Planning Team Working on new build and refurbishment projects up to pound;40M and across the commercial, education leisure, health and residential sectors, responsibilities will include: To mentor and train others within the planning department  Input into the development of Junior staff and/or staff seconded to the Department  Maintain and advise of the development of planning computer software Pre tender amp; Marketing  Produce information for pre qualification documents where required  Attend pretender interviews where required PreConstruction  Prepare tender programmes (review with Contracts Managers where required). Ensure revisions are carefully recorded and filed  Prepare labour resource histograms when applicable  Review the buildability of the scheme proposed  Prepare scaffold schedules, enquiries and analyse quotations received.  Prepare temporary works schedules, enquiries and analyse quotations. Assist the estimator in the preparation of Preliminary costs  Advise the Managing Estimator of any tendering difficulties  Prepare material in the agreed format for presentation to the Adjudication Panel  Assist in the evaluation of risk/reward profiles  Comply with estimating processes to ensure it complies with standing orders  Work in conjunction with administration staff  Attend adjudication meetings as required.  Provide input to the handover process from estimating to contract  Input into the review of supply chain members  Attend meetings with Client, Designers, Quantity Surveyor s, etc where necessary  At all times, work with the Estimatingand Contracts Management team to advise on cost and buildability Construction  Receive feedback and visit sites where possible  Consider information passed on by Managing Estimator from Quarterly reviews  Review tender programme operations against tender programme  Compile and amend Contract programmes when requested  Provide independent advice on programmes when requested Post Construction  Maintain profile with current and past clients  Review contract performance against tender target Expereince of planning software such as Microsoft Project or Asta Power Project is essential. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills Construction planner Tender Planner Microsoft Project Asta Power Project