Title: Railway Civils Project Engineer: CRE
Webindex: 66980851
Company: ATA Recruitment
Description: Railway Civils Project Engineer: CRE A superb opportunity has arisen for a Railway Project Engineer to join a leading principle contractor within the rail. The contractor is working on a large array of projects with excellent career progression and development opportunities. Role requirements: CRE The successful candidate will have civil engineering and/or PWay experience. They must have many years recent rail experience and knowledge of the current client standards. Location: Bristol and Swindon Salary : circa **** (dependent on experience) Freelance will be considered. Role profile: The successful candidate will be the designated CRE in a project engineer capacity. They will be required to oversee the particular projects they are assigned to. You will be responsible for: Reporting into the engineering manager Review and assess the designs received and measure whether they are acceptable and attainable Review work package plans Managing engineering competence and compliance Relevant experience working on projects in a similar capacity Keep constant communication Provide technical input Design coordination CRE will act under guidance of the CEM Travel will be required between sites so the successful candidate must be willing to do this and have a valid driving licence. CRE sign off is essential for this role. Candidate profile: The successful candidate will have: Been involved in multimillion pound projects Recent rail experience Pway / signalling / civil engineering experience Chartership CRE sign off Degree qualification Please only apply if you have worked on the British railway in the past 2 years. This is an essential requirement. PLEASE NOTE You MUST reside and be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position. If you are interested in applying for this role or other roles within the rail marketplace, ATA currently have a number of opportunities, so please don't hesitate to get in touch either by email or phone on sarah.cozensatarecruitment.co.uk or [blocked].