Title: Technical Service and Support Engineer
Webindex: 72690413
Company: AMS People Ltd
Description: JOB TITLE: Technical Service and Support Engineer  Strong mechanical and electrical handson engineering skills including some PLC / controls experience.  Technical Support, Commissioning, Service and Training on high tech industrial equipment. LOCATION: near Stourbridge, West Midlands Office based with some UK and overseas travel required  call to discuss or apply for full details. SALARY: ****K****k, laptop, mobile THE COMPANY: My client designs, develops, manufactures and supports a range of capital equipment and associated control systems. They are looking to appoint a Technical Service and Support Engineer who will support customers from commissioning through to service and other technical enquiries and problems. THE ROLE OF Technical Service and Support Engineer includes:  Working closely and communicating effectively with customers and technical colleagues on technical issues and problems concerning customers equipment and systems.  When required, visiting customers sites to work on their equipment and associated control systems (includes some PLC s, MMI s and PC based control software) to analyse problems, find the root cause and rectify.  Installation and commissioning of special purpose machinery  Off and on site repair work  Customer training on operation and maintenance on site or in house when you have the product knowledge.  Assist with sample production and other testing / R D work as required. TO APPLY YOU SHOULD HAVE:  Solid handson engineering skills (mechanical and electrical) which you enjoy using.  Ideally experience of working with gases, welding equipment or hydraulic / pneumatic flow control components.  Experience of working on control systems such as PLC s, MMI s and PC based control systems and associated electronics.  Good customer facing skills on the phone, by email and in person with a strong focus on excellent customer service.  Telephone / email technical support In house build and test  The ability to work with colleagues from a variety of disciplines to achieve company objectives.  The ability to travel to customer sites, overseas on occasion  please phone for more details of this. In this role as Technical Service and Support Engineer, you will enjoy becoming a key part of the team, joining the company at an exciting time in their continued growth.