Title: Service Introduction Manager  ITIL / Transition
Webindex: 67944731
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Service Introduction Manager ITIL. Experienced Service Delivery Introduction Manager to own the introduction and changes to services to this leading corporate in Winchester. Paying upto pound;****k  bonus  superb pension. Important Service Delivery, ITIL, Management The Job The IT Services function is responsible for the delivery of all IT services and solutions provided across all geographies and sites for this leading global corporate. As the Service Introduction Manager you will be responsible for overall introduction of any new service, and changes to existing services, on behalf of the IT Services function. This is achieved through planning and communication activities and involves working closely with projects and all areas of the organisation in the UK and across the group. Key responsibilities: Represent the Services function in projects that are introducing a new IT service or changing an existing IT service. Ensure Nonfunctional Requirements are specified on every project and include service level requirements. Establish operational readiness and provide clear quality criteria for successfully transitioning new services into support. Identify any risks or deficiencies within a new or changed service. Ensure these are documented, assessments are performed, and mitigations implemented or risks accepted before service take on. Ensure Service Management and support processes are adopted so that the new or changed IT service operates appropriately and is fully supportable. Establish self as Service Introduction expert, communicating and maintaining awareness of objectives within the project community, working closely with, and gaining trust across all service teams. Champion service and challenge senior stakeholders where unacceptable business risk is being proposed. Create and maintain policy and process for Service Introduction, ensuring integration with other service management and project management processes. Ensure all individuals involved with planning, project, and change activities are aware of their roles and responsibilities within Service Introduction. Create Service Level Agreements for new services or ensure amendments made to existing Service Level Agreements Potential for line management of other staff as required, potentially in separate KITS locations. Experience required  Experience in Service Management and the development of Service Level Agreements (ideally ITIL qualified). Experience of PRINCE project management methodology. Strong verbal and written communications skills at all organisational levels. Strong influencing and relationship building skills with stakeholders across IT, the business and external suppliers. Experience of working to challenging timescales. Broad knowledge of how IT services support the business through experience of working in retail, IT or similar environment. Service Level Manager  ITIL  Based in Southampton paying upto pound;****k  bonus  benefits