Title: Senior Electronics Design Engineer (Analogue/Digital)Cheltenham
Webindex: 71226867
Company: Experis Engineering
Description: Our engineers are working on: researching cutting edge technologies for tomorrows products, looking for ways to adapt existing technologies to solve today's complex technical problems and developing systems to deliver cost effective quality solutions to solve Aviation's toughest challenges. These systems contain a wide mixture of Digital and Analogue circuits ranging from Embedded processor systems, high accuracy measurement systems and high power solid state switching products. You will take a lead role within a dynamic project team developing a wide variety of products from individual circuit cards to entire power systems to achieve business and project goals. As a Lead Engineer you will be continually encouraged and supported to continue developing both your technical and leadership skills. Responsibilities: You will:  Demonstrate your electronics knowledge designing, verifying and testing electronic circuits and systems.  Use your knowledge of the full product development life cycle to provide technical leadership to other members of the team.  Be familiar with a range of technologies including: Analogue design: opamps, analoguetodigital converters and transistors, design for EMC, aircraft interfacing, Power switching and control circuitry. Digital Design: processor selection and interfacing, communications busses such as CAN, **** and exposure to the design of FPGAs.  Have excellent technical problem solving skills; to be able to assess problems thoroughly and drive logical conclusions  Have significant experience of working in a team environment delivering products to cost and schedule.  Have a proven track record of providing technical coaching/mentoring to other engineers in the group.  Be a technical expert in one of more product/technology areas, maintaining an awareness of industry trends. A proactive approach to drive forward the product roadmaps.  Have the confidence, experience and flexibility to develop new approaches to solving customer problems.  Have the ability to interface directly with customers as presenter or reviewer of technical information.  Be willing to occasionally travel internationally to support customer/supplier meetings. Requirements:  Bachelor's degree from an accredited university/college or equivalent qualification or equivalent level of knowledge and experience.  Knowledge of electronic product design and development activities including exposure to design for manufacture testmethodologies.  Exposure to performing root cause analysis of hardware issues.  Excellent oral and written communication skills.  Strong interpersonal skills. Desired Characteristics:  A passion for and drive to lead successful product design.  A working knowledge of software and systems design.  Exposure to the mechanical design of circuit card enclosures.  Strong oral and written communication and interpersonal skills.  An understanding of regulatory and safety requirements for safety critical products (ideally gained in an avionics or similar environment).  Ability to understand and be involved in all phases of the product development life cycle. You will be expected to play an active part in the design and development of new products from concept through to manufacture and beyond.  Willing to participate in military product design Benefits Include: Pension Scheme. Flexible Benefits Relocation Package. Share Option Scheme Global Opportunities. Good location and working environment. Good opportunities for career development, regular reviews and career planning. Successful applicants will be required to undergo UK MOD security clearance prior to appointment. Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location