Title: Electrical Estimator
Webindex: 68085697
Company: Building Careers UK Ltd
Description: Electrical Estimator The Client Our client has grown to become a very reputable building services company. They have built up a reputable client base with a policy of recruiting and retaining the best people and therefore successful candidates will be invited into a welcoming environment. The Opportunity Due to the companies continued success it now seeks to recruit a talented and experienced Electrical Estimator to be based in Southport and work on interesting commercial building services projects which can vary in size and value. E.G. Schools Cinemas Hospitals Theatres Airports Shopping Centres Offices Police Stations Prisons Libraries Successful applicants will join a wellestablished team and must be able to demonstrate excellent communication and interpersonal skills to influence the design team on costs and construction options. Additional skills include relevant estimating software experience. Your duties will include: Working within a team in the Estimating department and with colleagues when required to successfully estimate Electrical works. Obtain competitive and accurate quotations from Electrical installation specialists who are approved contractors and alternatively search the market for additional suppliers. Continuous communication with the Projects Team and Contract Managers. Competent when dealing with enquiries and requests Competent with design and build tenders On offer is an attractive remuneration package and the opportunity to enhance your career with an employer committed to continued professional development. Building Careers is delighted to have exclusivity on the recruitment for this position . These are urgent requirements and interviews will be arranged quickly for suitable applicants. This is a real opportunity for an experienced Estimator to join a successful, well respected and financially secure company. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectricalEstimator_job****