Title: Sales/Customer Service Engineer
Webindex: 69559871
Company: Grad Central
Description: Our client is looking to recruit a Sales/Customer Sercvice Engineer to join their engineering department in Southampton. Specialising in the servicing and maintenance of heating and cooling systems, the organisation require a new team member to be responsible for the development and growth of engineering services. Job title: Sales/Customer Service Engineer Location: Southampton Salary: ****  **** Job Type: 4 month contract with potential to go to permanent Responsibilities of the role: Preparation of Data Sheets from specification from engineering Obtain quotes from suppliers as given by engineering or the Buyer Order items from suppliers as instructed from the Buyer Maintain and produce Bills of Materials for standard equipment for heating Produce Bills of Materials for standard and bespoke equipment Issue drawings and Data Sheets to production for manufacture Create works orders to instruct production to build Create stock orders to allow production to build stock Liaise with manufacturing on production techniques/methods Create Operator Instructions Candidates will be educated to degree level in an engineering related discipline and will be keen to start their career in an engineering environment. You will be an excellent communicator both written and verbally. Candidates will be hardworking, commercially driven and strong negotiators. Grad Central is a new service aimed at matching the best graduates with companies across the West Midlands and is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. If you have not previously registered on the Grad Central website, by applying for this role you agree to be automatically added to our database of job seekers. You will be issued with login details to your own Grad Central account where you can update your profile with your job preferences, set up job alerts and access our bank of helpful job hunting information. If you do not wish us to hold onto your details you can delete your profile from our database by logging in and following the relevant options. We do not pass on any information to third parties. Please refer to our website for our full terms and conditions