Title: Machine Tool Sales Engineer
Webindex: 69576390
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Machine Tool Sales Engineer / CNC Machining Engineer An exciting opportunity has arisen with my client. They are a marker leading tool manufacturing company that are offering a stable and lucrative career in their sales team. They require a Machine Tool Sales Engineer / CNC Machining Engineer to work around the midlands area of Sheffield and Rotherham district. The candidate will be responsible for understanding engineering and the machining process with the precision engineering industry. You then be visiting current clients and introducing them to the new tool designs on offer that will make a positive impact of their production. The role will be based from home and will involve selling machine tooling to current customers. It is a very attractive role. Full support, product, and sales training will be provided. We are looking for a Machine Tool Sales Engineer / CNC Machining Engineer who ideally has the following skills: Must be time served Engineer / or have relevant engineering qualifications. Must have a good understanding of machine shop engineering including CNC milling, turning or grinding. Must understand and have experience with the machining / manufacturing process. Must have a good knowledge of how machine tools work, including cutting processes etc. Happy to work as part of a team. Must have a good level of communication. The benefits of working for this company are: They offer a competitive salary range. Benefits include a company car, home telephone line, including broadband. Usual company benefits such as pension scheme, etc. They offer job security and stability, as they have a sustainable client base. Career progression. They promote a positive, approachable and welcoming culture throughout the company. For further details, please contact Karl Moon at: karl.moon N/A .uk  N/A Omega Selection Services, part of Omega Resource Group are an employment agency specialising in opportunities at all levels within the Engineering industry. For more details visit our website N/A .uk For details of other opportunities available within your chosen field please visit our website N/A .uk. Omega Resource Group Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.