Title: Mechanical Maintenance Supervisor
Webindex: 69204632
Company: MPI Aviation  Ltd
Description: Purpose of the position To safely plan, direct and manage the engineering operation in respect of the plants engineering systems, provide leadership, building an effective, cohesive and committed team which will maintain maximum safety, quality and production standards. Nature and scope The Engineering Supervisor reports to the Engineering Manager ? Workshop engineering employees report directly into the Engineering Supervisor ? All plant engineering personnel have a dotted line into the Engineering Supervisor ? Responsible for planning, directing and managing the engineering department to ensure maximum efficiency from all equipment and services by means of preventative maintenance and continuous improvement and modifications to equipment ? Responsible for ensuring that all workshop employees are suitably trained, including safety and that they work to company and legislative safety requirements ? Responsible for the control of the permit to work system and for ensuring that suitable and sufficient risk assessments are completed in conjunction with the EHS Manager Principle accountabilities ? Responsible for all planned maintenance requirements, which also captures unscheduled maintenance, annual maintenance and breakdowns to increase meantime between failures of all plant equipment ? Responsible and accountable for operating within plant budgets and targets ? Responsible for effective recruitment of workshop personnel as required. Ensure adequate training, supervision and corrective feedback to the workshop personnel and effective management of the workshop department including appraisals and performance feedback ? Ensure corrective action is taken, as required, for all equipment and operational problems/potential problems to maintain and improve the operation ? Actively seek and followup on workshop personnel's ideas/suggestions for the process of continuous improvement ? Timely accident investigation and reporting ? Utilise and develop plant systems to ensure legislative compliance ? Ensure that all employees under their direct control fully understand their individual obligations ? Ensure that adequate arrangements exist, or are put in place, to cover the absence of those personnel with key environmental responsibilities ? Ensure operational control procedures are appropriately implemented ? Cocoordinating with Shift Managers and shift personnel ? Carry out all instructions from the Engineering Manager and deputise for the absence of the Engineering Manager ? Flexibility to non normal situations are expected and are core to fulfilling the needs of the business ? Participate in workplace inspections ? Ad Hoc project work as required ? Any other duties as required as are reasonable ? The contents of this document are not a definitive list and may change over time in accordance with the changing needs of the business