Title: Service Engineer  Field based
Webindex: 71430188
Company: Understanding Recruitment
Description: Service Engineer  Mechanical Engineering  Field work We are looking for a Mechanical Service Engineer with an HNC or HND within an engineering or electronics (Mechatronics) field to join this European market leading and innovative organization based at their head office in Hertfordshire at another exciting time of growth. You will work as a field based engineer with a background in systems engineering (e.g. automation) to provide a first class service to their key sites for commissioning of systems. As a key Mechanical Systems Engineer with an electronics / electrical / mechanical background your role will be to help take their latest products from concept, through development and into service using your mechanical and/or electronics experience. You must be able to take their products from the preproduction / prototype phase into production and initial installations with commissioning and support on site. You must enjoy being part of a European group and European development team and as a result, you will be requested to occasionally travel to Germany, France or other countries. Your main tasks as mechanical systems / service engineer will be to assist hands on with the initial production through build to delivery in the field, making initial installations and commissioning, developing the necessary materials and training for hand over to production and service and provide support to the service team, in the field when necessary, as the product becomes mature. To be considered you will ideally need an HNC or HND in a Mechanical or Electronics related field. An apprenticeship in a Blue Chip company would be a bonus however this is not essential. Electrical / Electronics engineering knowledge, PLC programming, infield commissioning or services experience would be of great advantage. Mechanical Systems / Service Engineer  Field work required Location: South Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire, Buckinghamshire, North London commutable Salary: ****K  others Key Skills: Mechanical Engineering, services, Electronics, HNC or HND, AutoCad, Solidworks, PLC, Automation (preferred), Degree a bonus, Apprenticeship a bonus, drives Apply for immediate consideration for this excellent opportunity. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ServiceEngineerFieldbased_job****