Title: Protection amp; Control Project Engineer
Webindex: 68017107
Description: Protection & Control Project Engineer Substation, Protection, Control, P&C, Project Engineer, HV, EHV, Electrical Engineer, Design, Technical Specifications, Design Verifications. Croydon, South London area. Permanent, circa ****k plus generous benefits. Required ASAP. Our client is a world class manufacturer of Electrical Substation Equipment, providing EHV Equipment and Engineering Solutions to the Power Transmission sector. Protection & Control Project Engineer Substation, Protection, Control, P&C, Project Engineer, HV, EHV, Electrical Engineer, Design, Technical Specifications, Design Verifications. They are currently seeking a Protection & Control Project Engineer to ensure the execution of EHV substation projects on time and within budget, carrying out detailed engineering of the Protection and Control scope as well as managing project delivery. Duties include, but are not limited to: Carry out detailed engineering of the Protection and Control component of the projects, usually be limited to the design of the Protection and Control panels (GA drawings, circuit diagrams and wiring diagrams) up to the panel terminals but including design of the external interfaces to the panel in some cases. Producing cable schedules and core sheets when the external interface design is part of the project scope. Delegation of design work to junior engineers and subcontractors, supervising delivery of the design and taking responsibility for the quality of the design produced. Leading and coordinating the work of the different engineering disciplines for projects where a multidisciplinary approach is required Producing designs that are compliant with customer and internal standards, specifications and procedures. Managing the delivery of small, straightforward projects including producing project programmes in MS Project and monthly progress and financial reports, with the assistance of a project administrative assistant. Assisting the Project Manager assigned to deliver large or complex projects by providing input to the project programme, the monthly progress reports and the monthly financial reports. Compiling tender responses by assessing customer specifications, producing a compliant offer, estimating equipment and manpower requirements and documenting the scope of the offer. Managing the panel manufacture subcontractor to ensure protection panels are delivered on time. Managing the protection settings calculation and approval process to ensure that approved protection settings are available on time. Identifying the equipment and services required for each project and have the orders placed in a timely fashion. Keeping track of relay logic, firmware and settings files to ensure the correct files are uploaded to the correct relays and that a record is kept of the files for each relay in service. Expediting and tracking all equipment and services ordered to ensure that they are delivered on time, with the assistance of a project administrative assistant. Carrying out or supervising factory acceptance tests (FAT) on the Protection and Control panels produced, including production of the FAT plan, FAT procedures and secondary injection test templates. To be considered for this role, candidates will be qualified to degree level (or equivalent) in Electrical & Electronic Engineering (HNC/HND will also be considered alongside the right experience) with previous experience in a similar Project Engineer position and with experience of HV Protection & Control components and designs for HV substation projects. Applicants must be eligible to work in the UK without the need for employer work permit sponsorship. Key Words: Protection & Control Project Engineer, Substation, Protection, Control, P&C, Project Engineer, HV, EHV, Electrical Engineer, Design, Technical Specifications, Design Verifications. This is a PERMANENT position.Electus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy