Title: Senior Calibration Engineer
Webindex: 68824308
Company: Advantage Technical Resourcing Limited
Description: The Role: Senior Calibration Engineer Location: Stevenage Commutable from Hertfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Buckinghamshire, London, Essex Permanent: up to **** Role Purpose: As Senior Calibtration Engineer you will assume responsibility of Calibration and Maintenance and servicing of Electrical and Electronic including Special to Type Test Equipment at company sites and Test Equipment located at customer sites Accountabilities: You will be responsible for Calibrating and Maintaining Electrical and Electronic equipment including Special to type Test Equipment (STTE) to agreed time, cost and quality. For all test activities with the following main specific responsibilities:  Calibrate test/measuring equipment to instructions, handbooks, drawings or specifications and provide technical advice/ guidance on C M measurement matters. Maintain and repair test/ measuring equipment to component level. Support the customer on site and at the customer premises. Keeping calibration/ maintenance records for traceability purposes Accountable for their own safety and that of others working in their area. Responsible for their own times, quality of work and to ensure that working numbers are correct. Responsible for highlighting when spares are required and arranging for them to be ordered. Test Facility commissioning to acceptance ensuring Configuration Control of Equipment and Facilities is in place prior to use and all appropriate documentation is available. Provide Technical support to Calibration Engineering to facilitate the efficient servicing of STTE to enable production testing of hardware and repair phases of the contract. Assessment of related equipment issues directing support services to resolve equipment failures. Represent Calibration department at Test Equipment Review meetings to provide technical information/advice when requested. Candidate Skills Knowledge Ideal minimum qualification: HNC/HND in Electrical Electronics Engineering. Experience and knowledge in the Calibration of Test Equipment and Maintenance of test systems to component level. Good understanding of Calibration principles and processes. Able to Mentor other or more junior staff when requested by line manager. Able to deal with multiple issues, tasks and priorities concurrently. Analytical and problem solving skills. Good communication skills with the ability to tailor communication to the relevant audience. The Company: Our client is a world leading, global missile systems company, delivering cuttingedge technologies to its multinational customer base. It operates in all of the major world markets and is the only company able to design and produce missiles and missile systems for army, navy and air forces. Their growing reputation for innovation and technical excellence owes much to their engineering facilities, rated amongst the most modern in the world. Our engineers relish the challenge of producing products to the highest performance specifications and with ability to survive the harshest environments required for the Land, Sea and Air services. They will have the knowledge, skills, capability and commitment to apply today s modern technologies to solve complex problems, that ensure the equipment can survive the toughest usage profiles that today s armed forces demand. To be successful applicants will also need to have excellent personal competencies, be highly motivated and work within multinational teams of all sizes This is a fantastic opportunity to join a market leading dynamic company who can offer career progression and personal development. For more information call **** **** or email laura.usheradvantageresourcing.com Advantage Technical Resourcing. Services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temp work. With over 40 years of specialist experience, Advantage Technical Resourcing is the recruiter of choice for IT, Engineering and Energy professionals across EMEA. Working with some of the leading employers around the world Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Please visit our website URL removed to find out more about usWith over 40 years of specialist experience, Advantage Technical Resourcing is the recruiter of choice for IT and Engineering professionals across EMEA. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Please visit our website to find out more about us. Advantage Technical Resourcing: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work.