Title: Senior Naval Architect (Consultancy)  London
Webindex: 69078729
Company: STR Limited
Description: Senior Naval Architect  London  Permanent  ******** Due to planned expansion, a leading Marine Consultancy is actively seeking a Senior Naval Architect to join their established London office. The successful candidate will be an experienced Naval Architect with a degree in Naval Architecture or Ship Science and substantial marine consultancy experience. The candidate will be Chartered and a member of an accreditted preofessional society such as RINA. You will be a motivated individual with strong communication skills both verbal and written, work as a team leader to guide and motivate a team, and be prepared to go offshore for short periods of time as well as overseas. You will be well presented, articulate, and polite and be able to manage effectively. Candidates will ideally have experience in the following:  Project management;  Practical experience in shipyard and / or shipowner;  Marine warranty;  Expert witness. Work will involve carrying out complex analyses relating to onshore and offshore projects including design, analytical and marine warranty work. Experience in marine warranty surveying is highly desirable and the successful candidate will have the opportunity to attend marine operations worldwide including loadouts, sailaways and installations. The candidate will be required to undertake project management, presentation for project work and be familiar with preparing and submitting bids with particular emphasis on ship design and procurement, including yard negotiations, plan approval and construction. Salary is commensurate with experience. Benefits include car allowance, contributory pension scheme and annual bonus. The role is based in London but will involve travel overseas. Candidates must have the right to live and work in the UK. To be considered for this role, please email your CV to (url removed) or contact Amy Daniels on **** (****) (Apply online only) for further details. Think Maritime. Think Navis Consulting