Title: Senior Hydrogeologist  Edinburgh
Webindex: 70675869
Company: Randstad
Description: You will be part of highly respected Geoenvironmental Risk Management (GRM) business, with excellent career prospects and international opportunities. The GRM team provides strategic advice and innovative solutions to manage our clients subsurface environmental risks and opportunities, and features technical specialists in the fields of land contamination assessment, hydrogeology, and landfill engineering. The GRM business has a need for an experienced hydrogeologist to join their dynamic and respected team inEdinburgh. They are working on a diverse range of projects in the private and public sector and require committed hydrogeologists to support and expand their work. Primary Job Responsibilities As a senior hydrogeologist you will be joining a successful and dynamic, fiftystrong team and reporting to the local team lead in your home office. You will be providing support and advice to the wider business, as well as managing your own projects. You will lead or assist in the delivery of geoenvironmental input to projects and will be required to provide technical guidance and support to more junior staff. Your main responsibilities will depend on specific project requirements but are likely to include:  Project delivery and management and coordination tasks  Managing / coordinating large scale site activities  Planning and implementation of pumping tests and intrusive ground investigations  Preparing and reviewing technical reports and deliverables  Production and checking of complex groundwater models for various purposes such as groundwater pollution risk assessment and engineering dewatering groundwater situations  Undertaking qualitative and quantitative resource assessments, risk assessments and other types of evaluations for specific purposes  Undertaking large scale Environmental Impact Assessments  Interaction and development of assessment methodologies with other multidisciplinary teams such as hydrologists, ecologists, contaminated land specialists and various engineers  Planning, designing and implementing groundwater remediation strategies and associated mitigation measures Essential: You must have good allround technical expertise in geoenvironmental science with a focus on groundwater and extensive postgraduate experience. This experience will include a good foundation in geology and hydrogeology and experience in planning and overseeing site investigations, assist in project and programme management, prepare complex documents and undertake reviews on others, and to drive technical delivery with senior support. You must have the ability to progress projects from inception to closure, and to accurately reflect and meet client requirements in doing so. The successful person will become part of a respected and ambitious company with excellent career prospects and international opportunities. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.