Title: Vehicle Hybrid/Electrification Integration Engineer  ****  ?**** Ltd Co
Webindex: 68823867
Company: Jonathan Lee Recruitment
Description: An Integration Engineer is required to work within Hybrid on contract for our Client, an OEM specialising in luxury and SUV/Off road vehicles. The position will be based in the West Midlands. CoC is responsible for delivering Full Hybrid, PlugIn Hybrid and stopstart systems to the business. These are highly complex electromechanical systems so the department employs a systems engineering approach to their design and development. Within the Controls, Systems and Attributes function there are specific teams responsible for systems design and the systems integration and verification. This role is within the Systems Integration and Verification Team. Responsibilities include: Support of the Hybrid System development on the prototype vehicle fleet and associated test rigs.br Verification of delivered Hybrid System functionality. Management of issues discovered in the field and coordination of relevant parties to drive efficient resolution. Capture of lessons learnt during the development process to support the quality of future Hybrid programme delivery. Experience / education required: Understanding of the technologies which come together in hybrid vehicles. Appreciation of vehicle networks, e.g. CAN and CCP/XCP Self confidence to drive resolution of complex integration/system interaction issues. Demonstrable project management, team working skills. Ability to generate metrics / presentation material for management and programme review purposes. Experience of working with complex electromechanical products. Experience of troubleshooting system issues on vehicle or on rig/HIL tools. Applicants MUST have proof of immediate and valid eligibility to work full time in the UK. Please contact Tina Field at Jonathan Lee Recruitment on [blocked] to discuss further. Your CV will be forwarded to Jonathan Lee Recruitment, a leading engineering and manufacturing recruitment consultancy established in 1978. The services advertised by Jonathan Lee Contracts are those of an Employment Business.