Title: Test Systems Electronics Engineer
Webindex: 71600917
Company: Outsource UK
Description: Job Description: Role title: Test Systems Electronic Engineer Role type: Permanent Location: Chelmsford UK Key skills: Physics, Semiconductor, CAD, CCD, CMOS Salary: **** ****k depending on level of experience The Client: Our client is a leading designer, developer and manufacturer of specialised components and subsystems. These products enable some of the world's leading original equipment manufacturers to deliver innovative systems for medical and science, aerospace and defence, and industrial and commercial applications. Context purpose of the role: The test systems electronic engineers are required to support Imaging department and operations in order to meet our customers' expectations for timely delivery of quality products and their increasingly challenging technical requirements, particularly within the Space/Satellite Astronomy business. This will be achieved through equipment design, development, implementation and maintenance, including new test systems, imaging sensor interface electronics and hardware. This role will report directly to the engineering group leader but also work closely with members of other teams. Significant interaction with project managers, technical authorities, operations team and facilities department will be expected. Main Accountabilities Rapid Response to fault reports from production, working to diagnose and fix problems. Prepared to work flexible hours to minimise system downtime Work as part of a project team to prepare inhouse test benches to accept test custom imaging sensors to stringent customer requirements Operate scheduled maintenance calibration activities to minimise equipment downtime. Translate design briefs from both internal external customers into effective solutions. This may require the use of CAD tools as appropriate. Design develop high performance analogue signal processing circuits for custom sensor interface Produce documentation to support new designs processes as determined by company procedures and project/customer requirements Work within predetermined project plan timescales costs. Adopt maintain safe working practices through knowledge operation of statutory requirements such as PAT, COSHH, Risk Assessment etc. Some understanding of semiconductor physics and/or CMOS technology would be advantageous Proven ability to prioritise organise workload Good teamworking skills Ability to perform under pressure Quick Learner Good communication skills (written oral) CAD skills as appropriate (eg Cadstar, AutoCAD) Methodical approach to problem solving Outsource UK Ltd is working on behalf of this client as a recruitment consultancy. Outsource UK Ltd is an 'Award Winning' **** year old IT and Engineering Firm; during this time we have specialized in contract, interim and permanent IT recruitment and have gained an excellent reputation by providing a customized consultative approach. We grow our business by referrals  do you know anyone I could help today? Please visit our website