Title: Systems Engineer (Software)
Webindex: 72117702
Company: ProTech Recruitment Ltd
Description: Overview: Our client, an independent UK based International Group which has firmly established itself as a prominent global player in Radio Communications. They operate their own design and manufacturing divisions, with distribution centres throughout the world. A new position has now been created in the UK R they must also have a handson approach to problem solving and a cando attitude. Requirements: A minimum of 10 years relevant practical experience. Proven understanding of software/systems design, tools and methods. Experience within Embedded software development. Knowledge of RealTime embedded software development (C language). Ability to create robust, modular and testable code. RTOS experience. Ability to provide leadership to functional development teams in the UK and Philippines. Experience writing formal software requirements specifications. Experience working with ST ARM Cortex microcontrollers and TI TMS****C****x DSP s, distinct advantage. Experience designing GUI s, ideal but not essential. Basic understanding of other languages, e.g. Python, Delphi, C++, JAVA. Ideally a First Class or Upper Second degree in engineering of a related discipline. Responsibilities: Develop requirements to accurately capture the system level view of the software. Break down high level requirements to form a software perspective of the problem. Perform architectural software design suitable for the target hardware platform. Communicate proposed solutions and design decisions to the rest of the team (utilising tools such as use cases and UML). Contribute to software development throughout the software design lifecycle. Line manage a small team of Software Engineers. Liaise with Marketing and Sales departments to help capture and clearly document requirements. Plan, coordinate and report the functional development, testing and release of software with internal customers. Lead system integration and testing (requiring development work on bench rigs). Review Code (embedded C), test harnesses and coding practices to ensure that professional and robust code has been generated