Title: Graduate Project Engineer / Junior Project Engineer
Webindex: 58649115
Company: MatchBox Recruiting Ltd
Description: Graduate Project Engineer / Junior Project Engineer to join a global pharmaceutical company based in Oxfordshire. As Graduate Project Engineer / Junior Project Engineer you will be offered a salary of c****  ****  pension  healthcare  life assurance. Candidates MUST have some experience within pharmaceuticals. This would not suit a newlyqualified / raw graduate. Duties/Responsibilities: Responsible for making sure Operations Engineering procedures and processes meet business and regulatory requirements Delivering assigned projects / goals to on time within budget, ensuring that internal customer requirements are meet Reduce operational costs yearonyear through the implementation of projects and improvements. Coordinating compliance issues within the Operations Engineering department Providing technical support to the calibration department Supporting the introduction of new products and / or equipment through effectively managing the engineering document change process. Seek ways of improving the efficiency of the Engineering Compliance group, actively promoting the use of continuous improvement programs. Develop strong links within Operations department to ensure service provided meets business requirements. Understand regulatory and corporate requirements to ensure Operations Engineering department continues to meet cGMP. Develop projects from concept through to implementation with the aim of continually improving Engineering processes including preventative and demand maintenance programs. Advising engineering staff of means to maintain compliance. . Providing technical support to all departments requiring calibration support including calibration requests and calibration alerts. Responsible for developing good relationships with all internal customers and external suppliers. Reporting Operations Engineering metrics to site management in the absence of the Engineering Compliance Manager Provide support to internal and external audits as required. Provide external audit ready room support as required. Conducting engineering technical investigations to support quality system requirements Skills/Experience Requirements Experience within a regulated industry, preferably medical devices or pharmaceutical. Technically qualified at a higher education level, eg ONC, or experience of working within a high volume highly regulated manufacturing environment, with full membership of a recognised professional Engineering or Quality body. Proven knowledge of engineering and calibration processes. Analytical and problem solving skills Proven track record of technical report authoring