Title: Marine Electronic Systems Design Authority
Webindex: 70691984
Company: Matchtech
Description: Electronics Systems Design Authority – Defence Systems / Marine An opportunity has arisen for an Electronics Systems Design Authority to work for a new defence tier **** company based in the Buckinghamshire area. This Systems Design Authority will be working on brand new naval / marine systems for a major overseas programme of work. This represents a great opportunity to join this company in one of their most high profile positions. Although based in High Wycombe, this role is commutable from across Oxfordshire, Aylesbury, Hertfordshire and West London. Relocators are also welcome to apply.  JOB DESCRIPTION & REQUIREMENTS Responsibilities  Overall responsibility to ensure that the Integrated Electronic System and its subsystems  Responsible for the technical management and coordination of all subproject components as  The SDA will measure overall design maturity and ensure that all technical staff are appropriately qualified and trained to assure exceptional quality of the end system.  Manage and report the status of all technical risks on the programme.  Chair the technical committee, comprising the technical leads for each of the subprojects and report technical maturity and status of estimate to complete for all technical work Requirements  Responsibility for successful delivery of a complex system which has included outsourced components to the value of 10M plus.  Experience of working within a complex systems integration programme and/or with a large Defence Prime environment would be highly desirable.  The candidate must be confident in their ability to not only deliver a solution that fully meets all of the technical requirements but must also do so within the available budget and within the constraints imposed by the programme schedule.  The candidate will be intimately familiar with systems engineering practices and principles, be able to manage other professional engineers.  Candidates can come from a variety of backgrounds but likely job titles you would have held include Chief Engineer, Systems Architect, Systems Design Authority or Major System Lead Engineer  Some international travel will be required towards the end of the programmes lifecycle  Knowledge of Marine Navigation system, Sonar system or Weapons systems would be an advantage  Due to the nature of the work at this site, applicants must be capable of achieving SC level UK security clearance. Current clearance is not a requirement. Recruiter Glenn Vickery Glenn.Vickerymatchtech.com www.matchtech.com Linkedin: http://uk.linkedin.com/in/glennvickery To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.