Title: Night Shift Service Engineer (Electrical Mechanical Weighing Systems)
Webindex: 72457745
Company: TRS Consulting
Description: Night Shift Service Engineer (Electrical / Mechanical Weighing Systems) (Weighing Systems / Packaging Equipment) ****K  30K  Overtime  Van  Package  Full Product Training Locations: Heathrow The Company  Night Shift Service Engineer (Weighing Systems) My client is a leading manufacturer of innovative weighing systems, trusted by their customers to provide 'best in class' weighing solutions. They have a strong market presence, a varied portfolio of systems and a superb reputation for providing excellent customer service. The Role  Night Shift Service Engineer (Weighing Systems) Following expansion, they seek to recruit a customer focused Nightshift Service Engineer, responsible for coordinating the service team, organising the workload and the handson service and repair of their range of fully automated weighing systems and weighing scales at Heathrow Airport. The role will involve working Sunday  Thursday, 8.30 pm  2.30 am. Your Background  Night Shift Service Engineer (Weighing Systems) To apply you will need to demonstrate a background in a field service or maintenance engineering role. You should have a minimum of a City Guilds / ONC qualification in Electrical Engineering and have good electrical and mechanical service and faultfinding skills. Applications are welcomed from individuals from a variety of sectors including: weighing, field service, packaging equipment, conveyors, xray, metal detection, checkweighers, transportation weighing, weighbridges, baggage weighers, maintenance and industrial electrical environments. The Benefits  Night Shift Service Engineer (Weighing Systems) In return, the job holder will benefit from full and comprehensive product training, across a wide range of technically challenging equipment. A good remuneration package is on offer, including company van, generous rates of overtime and the opportunity to progress within a market leading organisation at the forefront of technology. The starting salary is ****K  30k. For instant consideration, please forward your CV to the contact below. This vacancy is being advertised by TRS Consulting (UK) Limited. The services advertised by TRS Consulting (UK) Limited are those of an employment agency and / or an employment business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NightShiftServiceEngineerElectricalMechanicalWeighingSystems_job****