Title: Digital Products Assistant
Webindex: 69992404
Company: Champion Technical
Description: Our well established client based in the Oxford area is looking for a Digital Products Assistant to support individuals and users in a technical environment. You will be responsible for assisting on following up on bugs, issues and maintenance requests as well as assisting in preparing status reposts and presentations. Various administrative tasks will also be a part of the Digital Products Assistant’s daily function which will include electronic filing and record keeping. The successful individual will have knowledge, skills and experience of the following: • A good understanding of content management, portals, search and devices. • Excellent organisational and administrative skills with meticulous attention to detail. • Excellent communication skills. • Ability to comprehend client requirements and to translate into action plans. • Ability to prioritise a mixed workload and to work to tight deadlines. • Excellent working knowledge in Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook. • Team player with strong initiative skills. Desired experience: • Basic understanding of HTML, Flash, and Photoshop would be a benefit. • Experience with internal facing marketing  websites, email campaigns, portals. • A passion for web technologies. If you meet most or all of these specifications then apply now Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of a person's gender, marital status, race, religion, colour, age, disability or sexual orientation. Each candidate will be assessed only in accordance with their merits, qualifications and ability to perform the duties of the job. Champion Technical, a specialist division of Champion Employment Ltd acting as an Employment Agency Business. Please note: Only candidates with the relevant skills and experience will be contacted at this time. If you do not hear back from us within four days you have unfortunately been unsuccessful in your application. Please continue to visit the website for other opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DigitalProductsAssistant_job****