Title: Maintenance and Repair Engineer
Webindex: 65184094
Company: The Workshop
Description: Maintenance and Repair Engineer  Segensworth  **** PURPOSE OF THE ROLE Deliver maintenance and repair service to customers. Diagnose, problem solve and quote for repairs. Provide installation and refurbishment service of pump stations, treatment plants and interceptors. Maintain and update maintenance reports. Comply with Group H S policies and behaviours. Demonstrate management performance behaviours. ROLE ACCOUNTABILITIES Deliver maintenance and repair service to customers Adhere to schedule of work provided. Make contact with customers where and when appropriate. Provide maintenance services to customers in line with quality and professional expectations. Provide repair services to customers ensuring work is carried out in a timely manner and demonstrates value for money. React to calls from the office efficiently and take action as instructed Ensure all work is carried out in line with the current customer SLA’s. Diagnose, problem solve and quote for repairs. To diagnose mechanical and electrical faults with on site equipment. Solve problems with on site equipment efficiently, keeping office and customers informed of progress. Quote and resource replacement parts ensuring both quality and reliability for the Company and customer. Where required, take samples at customer premises and deliver to sample analysis sites within 24 hours. Installation and refurbishment. Oversee and implement refurbishment of pump stations, treatment plant and interceptors. Coordinate and implement installation of pump stations, treatment plants and interceptors. Regularly update management on the progression of refurbishment and/or installation projects. Maintain and update maintenance reports. Complete Service Report for each job. Complete Clearance Certificates for each job. Ensure all Service Reports and Clearance Certificates are accurately completed to audit standard. Ensure all Service Reports and Clearance Certificates are returned to the office in a timely manner. Comply with the Group’s compliance targets, policy and behaviours Ensure personal responsibilities under the Group’s H S policy are understood. Ensure personal responsibilities under the Group’s environmental policy are understood. Act in a manner that keeps yourself and your colleagues safe at all times. Support the target of nil people/vehicle incidents. Demonstrate management performance behaviours Demonstrate and provide the highest levels of service and professionalism to internal and external customers. Provide strong management and leadership to support results focus and continuous improvement culture. Be proactive and adopt a focused approach to all your activities. Communicate clearly at all levels within the business. Proactively manage your time and activities to ensure high level of efficiency and output. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MaintenanceandRepairEngineer_job****