Title: Mechanical Engineering Technician
Webindex: 71857219
Company: EMS Sigma Limited
Description: Mechanical Technician EMS Sigma is currently working with a worldwide recycling and manufacturing organisation in Merseyside, to recruit a Mechanical Technician to join their existing team. Key Responsibilities  Attending to breakdowns throughout the shift, and ensuring plant is down for the least time possible.  Ensuring all PMs allocated are done and followed up with any feedback to the engineering planner.  Ensuring the correct escalation process is followed in the event of an out of hours problem occurring.  Following up Cell problems and developing solutions in cooperation with the Lead Engineer.  Responsible for the safe work of themselves and others whilst work is undertaken, and to ensure equipment is made safe for use.  Feedback any information requiring follow up from any PM activity  Accountable for attending breakdowns and returning the plant in a quick and safe manner ready for use  Provide useful feedback on break downs to assist the Lead Engineer to address the root cause  Actively look to improve the Cell plant availability in partnership with the Lead Engineer through carrying out small projects/root cause elimination  Ensure all spare parts are booked out from stores and any problems are reported Experience and Skills Required You will be a time served apprentice or have equivalent mechanical engineering qualification. Experience of working within a heavy industrial or foundry background would be highly beneficial. Salary and Package Circa **** per annum EMS Sigma Ltd have built a reputation for providing expert recruitment advice and solutions to both candidates and clients. High levels of integrity and robust systems are important components of our continued success. With specialist recruiters across our divisions including; Operations, Engineering, Supply Chain, Process Improvement, Sales Marketing, HR, Finance and IT, operating across Manufacturing, Food, FMCG, Pharmaceutical, Consultancy and Distribution sectors, we at EMS Sigma Ltd feel we are well placed to support a variety of candidates to achieve their career goals. To find out more about EMS Sigma click on our logo on this page.