Title: Senior Naval Architect  Technical Assurance
Webindex: 67946182
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Senior Naval Architect required for a leading independent centre of engineering design, design support and technical services for defence customers. Important Proven experience in a similar role. The Job From concept design to acquisition support, inservice design and technology management, our client is known for its innovation, expertise and ability to tackle the most complex design and systems issues. Our clients strong track record in naval platform design for surface warships, submarines and auxiliaries together with extensive acquisition support experience within land domain projects is thanks to our people, including systems engineers, naval architects, marine engineers and software developers. Our Naval Architecture department is currently expanding and we are looking for people with a background in Technical Assurance Services to complement our existing team. You will support the Naval Architecture Department Technical Assurance Team which is responsible for ensuring that assurance frameworks are maintained for all projects, developing a best practise approach, supporting project teams and developing standards and guidance documents, when required. In addition, the postholder must maintain a technology watch on marine and other industry progress, support the Technical Assurance Team Leader in identifying and performing core work and support the company wide Technical Assurance business development work stream. The successful applicant will have: a degree, or equivalent, in Naval Architecture or related discipline proven analytical abilities and outstanding verbal and written communication skills a strong background in one of the following areas; naval surface ships, submarine structures and/or a supporting role to the UK MoD knowledge of finite element analysis is desirable but not essential Chartership would be beneficial but if you are yet to achieve this we do offer good prospects for development and gaining experience leading to Chartership with a professional body. We offer an excellent remuneration package with a competitive salary, bonuses/profit scheme, a competitive pension scheme, subsidised gym/sports membership, 25 days holiday, employee discounts, additional holiday purchase and more. A relocation allowance is also available where applicable. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK