Title: Manufacturing Engineering Stampings Engineer
Webindex: 71290732
Company: Jaguar Land Rover Ltd
Description: We’re at the forefront of innovation, and we want to stay here. Our ceaseless search for new ideas is taking us in some fascinating new directions. If you want to explore where your thinking could take you, make Jaguar Land Rover your ultimate destination. In this key role, you’ll be instrumental in turning stunning new body designs into lightweight sheet metal alloy panels, ready for assembly. Providing vital manufacturing feasibility advice and guidance to designers and product engineers, you’ll use CAD tools including CATIA V**** Developing forming processes using state of the art design, and finite element simulation tools such as Autoform or Sigma, you’ll compile sheet metal manufacturing process plans at both concept and detail levels. Although based in Warwickshire, you’ll be required to travel to plants and toolmakers in Europe, China and India. Working closely with vendors in the design, delivery and commissioning of press tooling, you’ll ensure parts can be produced to the highest levels of quality and cost efficiency. Reviewing press tooling design proposals, progress and quality with toolmakers, and ‘lessons learned’ from manufacturing and tryout phases, you’ll focus on compliance, effectiveness and ongoing improvement. In this varied post, you’ll be expected to deliver press shop facility and automation projects including interpress handling, scrap segregation and new press and blanking equipment. With appropriate engineering or technical qualifications in an appropriate discipline, you have a proven track record of working with sheet metal press tooling or press shop facilities / automation – preferably including press tooling programme delivery and project management. Your range of relevant knowledge should ideally include sheet metal forming methods and principles, press tooling design standards and manufacturing methods, and press shop processes and equipment. Naturally, excellent communication and relationship building skills are essential. Our customers expect the best, and so do we, so you’ll be challenged every day. You’ll hone your skills to the leading edge and you’ll enjoy all the rewards that come from powering the growth of a prestigious luxury brand. To discover more click here. Our employees have access to a privilege car purchase scheme, membership of a competitive pension plan, performance related bonus scheme and 26 days holiday entitlement. Please note, we reserve the right to close or extend this position depending on application numbers. Therefore we would urge candidates to submit an application as early as possible. Please read the information on our vacancies carefully as you are required to make one application only (multiple applications will be withdrawn). Jaguar Land Rover will review your application throughout the recruitment process and you will be considered for alternative roles at every stage of the process.