Title: Senior Fluid Systems Engineer
Webindex: 71444153
Company: Executive Recruitment Services
Description: Senior Fluid Systems Engineer Location Derby Senior Fluid Systems Engineer  One of the UK s largest engineering and design consultancy who provide high end technical and project management services to the prime Aerospace/Defence companies are now searching for a Senior Fluid Systems Engineer to join their growing Defence team in Derby Senior Fluid Systems Engineer Responsibilities   Supervise and produce reports including calculations, analyses, and designs to demonstrate acceptable performance or identify design issues  Author and update major technical documents to present technical findings (e.g. design substantiation reports, safety justifications)  Lead requirements capture activities to identify the scope of work required  Liaise with plant operators, designers and maintainers  Support bidding activities and produce proposal documents  Manage task delivery against Time, Cost and Quality requirements  Support the Atkins QA process through review or checking colleagues work  Lead presentations to clients  Lead or work within project teams (though some independent work, including placements at clients sites, may be required)  Take responsibility for the quality and delivery of your own work and maintain Atkins reputation Senior Fluid Systems Engineer Requirements   Degreequalified or equivalent in a science, or engineering subject (physics, or mechanical, electrical, chemical or process engineering).  Chartered Engineer or working towards chartership.  A proven track record of delivering highquality, complex technical solutions in challenging timescales.  The ability to apply existing technical expertise and a sound understanding of engineering principles to varied projects and domains.  A desire to be challenged and to contribute to the success of the business.  Detailed knowledge of the design aspects of PWR systems.  Appreciation of PWR nuclear components and equipment, ie. Valves, Installations, Vessels, Heat Exchangers or Pumps.  Fluid system calculations i.e. Miller, Crane.  Systems safety assessments and tools (e.g. Failure Modes and Effects Analysis, reliability modelling). Successful candidates will be required to undergo a security vetting process and offers of employment will be subject to relevant security clearance being granted Email your CV to cv_steve_dignumers.co.uk or call Steve on **** **** for further information.