Title: Senior Environmental Test Engineers
Webindex: 62111949
Company: Mass Consultants Ltd
Description: Senior Environmental Test Engineers World class Defence Organisation based in Stevenage, Hertfordshire is currently looking to recruit ****x Senior Environmental Engineers / Environmental Test Engineers. Please Note: you must be able to gain SC (Secret Level) Security Clearance if you're not already cleared to that level. The salary on offer is approx ****k  ****k (dependant on skills and experience) and comes with great benefits including; overtime, flexitime, company and individual bonus scheme, pension and healthcare etc. Environmental Engineer Job Description: To undertake a full range of engineering activities with the environmental skill area, applying specialist technical knowledge and advice to chief design engineers, projects and subcontract design authorities. Typical Duties include:  Writing Environmental Requirement Specifications (ERSs), and subsequent documentation including Proving Plans, Proving Requirements and Proving Instructions in support of product development.  Assessing the effects of the environmental requirements on product design and implementing a consistent test and assessment logic across each Project.  Plan, prepare for, and oversee the conduct of, trial programmes at system, subsystem and component level within internal facilities and at external test houses.  Writing technical reports in support of environmental engineering.  Providing expertise in requirements management and preparing compliance statements in support of Certification.  Applying technical knowledge in a range of simulation techniques (including data acquisition, signal processing & analysis tools) as well as climatic, shock & vibration and Structural Mechanical & fatigue testing.  Providing expertise in the measurement and analysis of operational environments including field trials and flight data analysis in support of Requirements Specification development.  Technical management of the environmental programmes  preparing compliance statements for Project, subsystem Design Authorities and the Customer.  Responsible for managing assigned milestone deliverables associated with Environmental Engineering activities. Experience Requirements:  Thorough understanding of the environmental life cycle.  Educated to degree or equivalent level  Knowledge of Vibration, shock and climatic test techniques and systems.  Knowledge of DEF STANs and related specs relevant to the discipline.  Knowledge of Test and Measurement Instrumentation.  Knowledge of signal processing and analysis.  Good communication skills at all level both verbally and in writing. senior environmental test engineer vibration climatic shock stevenage hertfordshire london essex cambridge luton harlow south east defence defense aerospace aviation missile guided weapons security clearance