Title: Cost Engineer / Estimator
Webindex: 71199304
Company: Birmingham
Description: Our Client is the world s leading producer of mobile aerial work platforms and a leading producer of telescopic material handlers. They sell principally to rental companies and distributors that rent and sell the Company s products to a diverse customer base, which include users in the industrial, commercial, institutional and construction markets. They have manufacturing facilities located in the United States, France and Belgium, with sales and service locations on six continents providing customers throughout Europe, Scandinavia, Africa and the Middle East. Your primary role of cost management is the facilitation, coordination and reporting of corporate and divisional cost activities pertaining to the supply base. Cost Management will provide a framework to help drive cost management internal to the Company as well as within the supply base. The Role: Development of Should Cost Estimates for product/tooling requirements to support: New Product Development. Target Cost Determination. Product Cost Forecast. Sourcing determination (Make vs. Buy). Risk. Development and integration of core processes and tools necessary for obtaining cost effective product into the various divisions. Provide objective data on Product Cost activities. Help develop and administer a supplier cost control suggestion program. Management and reporting of divisional product cost information. Interfacing with Cost Management for compliance with Corporation Standards. Support developing standards and procedures in conjunction with Corporate and Industry Best Practices. Manufacturing Exposure: Process knowledge in manufacturing technologies and processes (fabrication, welding, machining, casting, forgings, moulding or assembly). Manufacturing Process Routing Development. Concurrent Design Engineering and familiar with Design for methodologies. General drawing interpretation including GD T, Weld Symbols, Dimensioning and Tolerancing and surface finish. Cost Management Exposure: Financial Analysis and Modelling. Cost Modelling. Process Mapping, Value Stream Mapping. Database management and operation. Experience with Computer Aided Cost Estimation Software a plus. Other duties as assigned by line manager. Requirements: Essential: Bachelor s Degree in Mechanical Engineering, or General Engineering. Internship experience (Graduates accepted). Knowledge of the industry (heavy goods). Desirable: Strong facilitation and presentation skills. Selfstarter and highly motivated. Strong statistical analysis ability. Project Management experience. Technical background to be able to spar with engineering. Ability to analyse situations and react in timely manner. Flexibility with proactive attitude and willingness to get the job done. Good general PC application skills peripherals and MS Office. This vacancy is only available to Candidates with relevant experience as detailed in the job description. Due to volume of applications, we are unable to respond to applicants who do not possess the required skills and experience. Recent Graduates who do not have the required level of industry experience need not apply. Candidates must be authorised to work in the country where this role is located BEFORE making an application.