Title: MPS Field Engineer
Webindex: 67211878
Description: **** Technical background, strong communication and customer Skills  Support all network multifunctional devices including workstation printers, respond to all customer requests quickly, accurately and professionally within the set SLAs.  Escalate any problems to Customer Services to enable a Senior Technician to be immediately scheduled to achieve the SLAs.  Communicate with office staff, key users and I.T managers, obtain a full understanding of their problems or requirements along with keeping them updated with progress.  Provide end users with access to knowledge / manufacturer trouble shooting information.  Manage all onsite consumables and toners, increase / reduce quantities accordingly.  Provide the Account Manager with regular information on fleet status, performance, potential upgrades and addition equipment.  Demonstrate and train key staff members on the equipments functionality including fitting toner, staples, jam removal and good user practice.  Set an example of personal character, commitment, organisational and professionalism.  Recognise when a situation is beyond the scope of the role and escalate immediately to your Line Manager.  Document any outstanding issues and escalate to the Service Level Manager **** Planning  Assist the end user with on going user information and equipment training.  Initiate and coordinate development plans to continually improve our service on the customer premises.  Identify new methods to reduce financial costs which will not have a detrimental effect to quality of service we provide. **** Others  Attend meetings, seminars, training courses/sessions etc., as may be requested by the Companys management.  Take responsibility for the proper keeping of any Company property issued to you.  Always carry out duties required in accordance with Clients Terms & Conditions and in particular the Companys Quality Control Procedures. Industry Knowledge o Must have technical knowledge of Ricoh or Sharp / Samsung / Kyocera product ranges. o Possess a basic knowledge of printers and multifunctional devices, have the ability to service at level one status. o Experience in field work and heavy customer contact is considered valuable and a critical key to the success of this position. Planning and Organisation o Ability to process information quickly. o Management skills with an ability to plan ahead, anticipate requirements, problems and obstacles, and an ability to juggle competing priorities successfully, and to work to tight deadlines. o Ability to work on own initiative without close supervision. o High level of administrative skills to aid personal organisation. Communication Skills o The ability to influence others and to build rapport, trust and credibility with a wide range of people at all levels. o Verbal and written fluency in English. o Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to maintain a good rapport with established contacts