Title: Assistant Chief Software Engineer
Webindex: 72459327
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Assistant Chief Software Engineer Java / C++ / Defence A great opportunity has arisen for an Assistant Chief Software Engineer to work for a leading defence consultancy s site in Weymouth. Important C++, Java, Leadership The Job This technical/architectural lead position will be working on the company s largest programme for the Australian Military. This programme involves large amounts of new software development and will offer you a very challenging position. In particular your role will be to lead **** SCRUM teams across multiple locations. This role will suit candidates very well from a Defence background that have proven experience in a Lead Software Engineer or Technical Manager role. Relocators are also welcome to apply and my client can offer assistance to those who qualify. JOB DESCRIPTION amp; REQUIREMENTS Responsibilities Line management of up to three software development teams Plan and coordinate software activities using SCRUM methodology on large and small defence projects and ensure external dependencies are well understood. Ensure software is documented and implemented in accordance with the company s procedures as well as on time and budget. Drive software development process improvements. Take a proactive part in estimating future work in bid phase. Present technical material internally and externally Requirements Proven commercial experience of programming realtime applications in C++/ Java Extensive experience in formal OO design methods (i.e. UML), UML CASE tool, and design patterns. Good understanding and experience of large system networking aspects and integration activities. Able to communicate effectively at all levels within the organisation and externally. Worked on several defence projects in the past As a Software Engineer at the top of your profession you ll find this role to be both challenging and rewarding, whilst providing a brilliant chance to join a growing, successful organisation. The company offer an excellent salary and benefits package as well as great prospects for career progression. Due to the nature of the work at this site, applicants must be capable of achieving SC level UK security clearance. Current clearance is not a requirement. Recruiter Glenn Vickery Glenn.Vickerymatchtech.com www.matchtech.com Linkedin: http://uk.linkedin.com/in/glennvickery To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK