Title: Education Community Coordinator  Leeds
Webindex: 69669850
Company: Randstad
Description: We currently have an opportunity for an Education and Community Coordinator based in the Yorkshire/North East Region. This is a full time position and will involve travel throughout the region. As an Education and Community Coordinator you will be the regional contact in relation to education and community activities. The role will include:  Liaising with schools and colleges, promoting construction and supporting the school curriculum by facilitating site visits, organising information to support case studies.  Organising work experience placements.  Assist the region in developing appropriate community engagement programmes.  Assist projects in meeting the minimum requirements of the Considerate Constructor s Scheme with regard to community engagement.  Proactively establish links with relevant schools, colleges, universities and community organisations (including Education Business Partnerships) to support current projects or facilitate future procurement.  Support projects in fulfilling their commitments to provide local employment and training.  Promoting activities with BAM s charity partners, and proactively encourage volunteering and fundraising within the region.  Record all education and community related activities.  Produce regular reports on activities and achievements.  Provide input to the preparation of tender and bid documentation.  Contribute to knowledge sharing across the business. Ideally we are looking for someone with experience working with construction apprentices / arranging work experience placements etc Knowledge of the Constructor s Scheme would also be an an advantage. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills Apprenticeship Executive  Yorkshire, Learning amp; Development Executive  Yorkshire, Community Engagement Officer  Yorkshire, Customer Relations Officer  Yorkshire, Education amp; Training Executive  Yorkshire Apprenticeship Executive  Leeds, Learning amp; Development Executive  Leeds, Community Engagement Officer  Leeds, Customer Relations Officer  Leeds, Education amp; Training Executive  Leeds,