Title: Marine Project Engineer
Webindex: 72440164
Company: Akton Recruitment
Description: Marine Project Engineer Location: Bridgend Salary: up to ****K dependant on experience. An exciting new role for a Marine Project Engineer  Working with a company who are at the forefront of the innovative technology that is seeing the replacement of metal navigation buoys by plastic. The company is leading the developmental design and manufacturing techniques that are supplying the next generation of permanent navigational buoys. Used in situations ranging from rivers and 'dryout', through harbour and coastal to offshore and deep water and being sold to port and navigation authorities. The Role Will need to understand the fundamentals of Marine buoyancy and buoyage i.e. what kind of buoys are required for different purposes and what sea conditions. Majority of the work will be office based with visits to customers, distributors and contacts. International travel may be required from time to time. Pick up the necessary requirements for ancillary equipment potentially required on buoys such as lights, racon, GPRS, radar refectors etc…. The above will be assisted by the help of a third party consultant who invented the current product range of buoys; Experience with CAD is required and the ability to produce a detailed bill of materials, right down to a nut and washer; Project manage the sales enquiry queries can be responded to quickly and professionally with an enquiry pack which will include the price with optional extras, CAD drawings of the buoys, specification sheets, supplier warranties, Help manage the supply chain for bought out parts from suppliers via issuing CAD drawings of the components and sourcing the best price and terms; Help project manage the enquiry through various iterations and ensure there is an audit trail of confirmed changes; When the enquiry moves to the order stage, the requirement will be to assist manufacturing with producing manufacturing instruction from the CAD information and ensuring bought out parts are delivered on time; Understand how the packaging requirements for transporting buoys from the factory to the end customer; Help produce assembly manuals for each of the products we sell; Assist with helping to improve the design of the existing buoys; and Look at alternative Marine products that could be added to the product range. If this is of interest then please contact Liam King at AKTON Recruitment on **** **** **** or email me at lkingaktonrecruitment.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarineProjectEngineer_job****