Title: CNC Machinist (Days)
Webindex: 72234399
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: CNC Machinist (Day) ****'**** ****'****  Training  Progression  Pension  Health care Swindon Position available for a CNC engineer looking for a new challenge in leading manufacturing company offering full CNC training in Germany, progression and a varied 'hands on' position. Here is a brand new position in a leading manufacturing company that just brought cnc in house were you will facilitate and band new machine shop back up with the industries best training. Established over 25 years ago, this is a market leading company that design, manufacturer and supply bespoke packaging machinery to a world wide market. Having just invested million into a new workshop and now doubled in size, this is a great time to join this business. You will be responsible to join the business in a brand new position working as a CNC machinist were initially you will undergo in house training at a site in German (All expenses paid) were you will return and be at the forefront of the CNC operation side of the business. Opportunities to turn you hand at other engineer aspects is available so all in all this is a varied and exciting position. Here is a great opportunity to join a leading company that is known for a close knit environment were you not just a number and invests in all its staff. The role; CNC machinist  Working in a new machine shop Working Days Initially sent to Germany for a couple weeks at a time to undergo top industry training Lots of training and Progression available The person; CNC machinist Time served Able to initially go to Germany to undergo training Looking for Progression and a new challenge Able work in Swindon Cnc engineer, machinist, operator, miller, turner, setter, fanuc, heidenhain, programmer, cutting, precision, machine shop, work, days, time served, apprentice, training, mechanical, hnc, hnd This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CNCMachinistDays_job****