Title: Lead Software Engineer
Webindex: 68017827
Description: PLC Lead Software Engineer Responsible for the delivery of the Software work packages of high integrity and complex control systems to Customer and Industry Specifications, to within budget and programme constraints. The candidate must have a broad knowledge of designing PLC, HMI & SCADA software for complex systems in machine control & process applications and plant wide automation where specific experience in the Nuclear Industry would be an advantage. Must be capable of producing technical & functional specifications and developing control software from concept through to testing and commissioning. Must have strong interpersonal and communications skills with excellent analytical, design and problem solving skills and be committed to maintaining high quality standards. Must have a sound knowledge of and be experienced in the application of the latest relevant IEC standards and statuary legislation. In this role, the candidate will have the following responsibilities: Produce PLC, HMI & SCADA designs to IEC **** from concept designs and specification to meet project and customer requirements. Main deliverables being:  Software Documentation  User Requirement Specifications, Functional Design Specification and Detailed Software Specification.  PLC, HMI and SCADA software coding.  Production of Software Specific Test Documentation.  Specification of hardware & software of parts list.  Design of project specific networking (Ethernet, Field bus, etc.) Ensure company policy and procedures are being applied across the projects. Manage the interface between CE&I and the Mechanical function. Communicate at all levels with both internal and external customers to meet their expectations while meeting the project budget and programme constraints. Provide input to the development of the CE&I function and resource. Other Skills: Proficient in the use of PCs  MS Office tools (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint). Administration of Databases (MS Access, SQL, Oracle). PLC programming experience (Modicon  Concept/Unity Pro & Siemens  S**** is preferred) HMI programming experience (Modicon  Magelis & Siemens  WinCC Flexible is preferred) SCADA programming experience (Vijeo Citect & Siemens  WinCC is preferred) Siemens Simotion