Title: Senior Design/Project Engineer
Webindex: 71288515
Company: Thorn Baker
Description: Job Role: Senior Design/Project Engineer Location: Leicester Salary: ****  **** per annum The Role: As a Senior Design Engineer, you will be required to step into this role and lead and deliver design and engineering activities. You will be expected to produce research and develop projects, meeting time frames and budgets, whilst also assisting in the production of quotations for bespoke machinery. The Candidate: As a Design Engineer, you will be expected to: Design specialist machinery, from concept to completion, including end user training. Leads designated design projects and ensure complete compliance throughout the projects process. Maintain project files information with accuracy and high attention to detail. Understand quality, cost and delivery implications and guide design engineers for the maximum results. Design products for all manufacturing purposes and ensuring safe and reliable assembly whilst always meeting company standards. Communicating with internal production departments and clients. Offer technical advice and resolve problems with production staff. To be considered for this role you will need: Previous experience of design management on high levels of engineering designs. Design and analytical skills such as DFMEA. Working knowledge of 3D Modelling software such as Solidworks. Material composition knowledge. Previous experience of special bespoke turnkey engineering solutions such as DFM DFA. Candidates who have experience of machinery that manufactures electrical cables, electrical coils and/ or electrical conductors will be at a considerable advantage. Qualifications: To be considered for this role you MUST have completed a Mechanical Engineering degree. The Company: This is a great opportunity to work for an established and leading manufacturer of special purpose machinery. This is a diverse role which will expose the successful candidate to various sectors of the company. Whilst this is a challenging role, you will receive support and guidance, where ever necessary. If you think you are suitable for this role, please send your CV and cover letter to sianthornbaker.co.uk