Title: Business Development Manager  Energy Services
Webindex: 71231248
Company: Morgan Hunt UK Limited
Description: Our client is a leading energy services consultancy based in the North East who are actively looking for a Business development department. They have experienced steady growth in the sector and have a team of internal sales executives who provide strong sales leads and book appointments with prospective clients. They provide a full range of consultancy services with the aim of reducing their clients gas, electricity and water spend. The client has a requirement for an experienced business developer with a background in the energy procurement markets to meet new and existing clients and help the continued growth of the company. Core duties will include: Plan and prioritise personal sales activities and customer/prospect contact towards achieving agreed business aims targets especially managing personal time and productivity. Plan and manage personal business portfolio/business according to an agreed market strategy. Maintain and develop existing and new customers through appropriate propositions and ethical sales methods, and relevant liaison, to optimise quality of service, business growth, and customer satisfaction. Use customer and prospect contact activities tools and systems, and update relevant information held in these systems. Plan/carry out/support local marketing activities to agreed budgets and timescales, and integrate personal sales efforts with other organised marketing activities e.g. promotions, advertising, exhibitions, networking and telemarketing. Respond to and follow up sales enquires using appropriate methods. Monitor and report on market and competitor activities and provide relevant reports and information. Communicate, liaise and negotiate internally and externally using appropriate methods to facilitate the development of profitable business and sustainable relationships. Attend and present at external customer meetings and internal meetings with other company functions necessary to perform duties and aid business development. Attend training and to develop relevant knowledge, techniques and skills. Organise and maintain an efficient paperwork filing system ensuring that information is easily accessible, stored neatly, thinned when appropriate and archived at set intervals. Gain a clear understanding of customers business and requirements. Review own sales performance, aiming to meet or exceed targets. Advising customer of other third party products available. Monitor and report on activities and provide relevant management information. The position would suit someone based in the North of England, however the position will involve travel throughout the UK and occasional overnight stay. Therefore a Full UK driving license is imperative. In return there will be a competitive basic salary and commission structure and the opportunity to work for a growing consultancy in the energy procurement sector. Please apply if you meet the above criteria. Morgan Hunt is a multi award winning Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. Morgan Hunt is an equal opportunities employer.