Title: Senior Cisco Network Engineer
Webindex: 61927276
Company: JOBG8
Description: Cisco Network Engineer, Cisco certified, based in Devon MUST BE CURRENTLY LIVING IN DEVON / SOUTH WEST OF ENGLAND The Company Recognised as one of the leading providers in the wireless internet market, this company is the fastest growing wifi provider in the UK. The Successful Candidate We seek a dynamic, motivated Network Engineer with Cisco experience, ideally CCNA, CCNP or equivalent, to join this expanding team based in Devon and be responsible for network operations. You will have a proven track record in the pre and postsales support of both wired and wireless networks and must be able to work both on your own initiative and as part of a team. Travel throughout the UK will be required from time to time, and overnight stays may occasionally be required . This is an outstanding opportunity to join a successful growing company at a stage where you can make a real contribution to the future growth of the business whilst rapidly developing your career in the service provider environment. The company offers industry standard education and selfdevelopment programs and an enthusiastic team oriented culture  they work hard and enjoy themselves along the way. Skills required Experience in Pre and Postsales support of Data networks. One or more Accreditations to at least Cisco CCNA level or equivalent A good understanding of computer applications and operating systems. An understanding of Linux operating systems would be an advantage Full clean driving licence. Responsibilities Your primary responsibilities will include the pre and postsales support of both indoor and outdoor data networks. You will also be involved in the development, support and maintenance of our internal voice and data networks. The role will demand ongoing technology and product training which will be provided by the company. Remuneration Base salary of around **** per annum depending on experience. Other benefits include: pension, healthcare and a company bonus scheme. An excellent opportunity in a rapidly expanding company