Title: Solutions Architect  Reigate, Surrey
Webindex: 69669105
Company: Randstad
Description: This company is one of the UK s most exciting and forwardthinking telecommunications businesses. Featured on the Sunday Times Fast Track **** in both 2011 and 2012, they create and manage bespoke and innovative managed communications networks throughout the UK. Their focus is on providing an outstanding converged telecoms model through unrivalled customer experience and collaboration. They are now seeking a Solutions Architect to join the team in Reigate, Surrey. The purpose of this Solutions Architect role is to design and price frequently complex, largescale WAN services to Local Authorities throughout the UK. You will occupy a position within the Commercial Team wherein the projects are characterised by their complexity and their long sales cycles. Paramount to the role is the close analysis of customer requirements so it is important that the technical solutions you develop satisfy both the technical specification and often constrained fiscal environments. Job Role: Your responsibilities will fully encompass presales (inclusive of Assist Sales, technical discussions with customers around their WAN, communications strategies and the company MPLS offering) The designing of WAN/MPLS networks and other ICT services (inclusive of Voice, Filtering and DNS) Extensive commercial activity (the pricing of large solution services is paramount to the role) Tender writing (you will be responsible for both large tender responses and technical tender responses and so need to be wholly competent in composing such tenders) Regular project handovers Preferred Skills: Previous presales experience is an absolute necessity A strong Public Sector background is desirable Familiarity with Public Sector procurement and bid processes is a strong advantage to your application Strong technical focus from a networking perspective (potentially, this could be from a carrier background) Handson MPLS experience is highly advantageous Good financial modelling skills are essential Associated Benefits: Salary on offer is up to pound;**** per annum Death in Service of **** x per annum salary Family Medical Insurance, inclusive of dental Online corporate perks discount scheme Local retailers discount scheme Childcare voucher salary sacrifice scheme Bike to work scheme salary sacrifice scheme Computer and smart phone salary sacrifice scheme Charity giving salary sacrifice scheme Gym membership salary sacrifice scheme Free fruit Free drinks As Solutions Architect, you will be required to understand large scale IT operations for the business and will be a trusted voice in advocating solution that will support and enhance the overall IT strategy in an IT organisation. A good level of experience in the telecommunications or communications business wherein you have worked in a similar Solutions Architect capacity and can clearly demonstrate transferable skills will naturally stand you in good stead for consideration at this company. If the above description sounds like you and you have checked off all the points above, please apply via the appropriate link provided. Please note: Only applicants who are entitled to work in the United Kingdom will be considered. This vacancy is being handled by Randstad Business Support. Randstad Business Support is the specialist business line for operational and business support recruitment within Randstad, the world s second largest recruitment company. Randstad acts as an employment business and employment agency and is registered in England and Wales as Randstad Employment Bureau Ltd, registered no **** Registered office address First Floor, Randstad Court, Laporte Way, Luton, Beds, LU**** ****SB. Skills Solutions Architect, WAN, Presales, Tender, Commercial, Local Authority