Title: Lead Systems Engineer / Architect Mission Planning Control
Webindex: 67964843
Company: Ceema Technology Recruitment Limited
Description: We are currently looking for a lead systems engineer for a Defence Giant. TITLE: Lead Systems Engineer / Architect Mission Planning Control Product Line Requisition Details: Role Title: Lead Systems Engineer / Architect Mission Planning Control Product LineReports to: Head of MP C Product Line THE COMPANYS level of role: Level 4Directorate: Technical (WSA E Function) Role Purpose: Mission Planning and Control Systems Engineering activities across a range of THE COMPANYS Surface Attack Weapon Systems Accountabilities Background Mission Planning and Control is considered a critical part of Surface Attack Weapon Systems. The Mission Planning Control Product Line is the department responsible for delivering these parts of the weapon system, from initial design through development to delivery to the customer, to extremely high quality standards. We are also responsible for ensuring a consistent, internationally agreed approach to the design by working across the company to agree architecture, design templates and implementation methods. We are looking for highly capable, versatile and enthusiastic System Architects and Engineers to work proactively within the team across a number of international programmes and company funded research activities. If you are a Lead or Senior Systems Engineer then please apply. Essential Carry out a full range of technical analyses and investigations, including evaluation and selection of technical options and prepare reports with suggested recommendations to support the resolution of problems and the improvement of engineering capability. Prepare a full range of specifications, develop designs in line with specifications and all quality and technical standards, and carry out design appraisals in assigned areas to ensure all standards are maintained. Carry out investigations into a full range of problems, issues or developments and propose and prepare solutions, individually or as a member of a project team. Define testing approaches and specify tests in assigned/specialist area(s) and evaluate and make recommendations based on results, including making suggestions to improve test/diagnosis processes. Lead engineering support activities in the field (and carry out the most complex activities) for specific products and customers to ensure the operability of THE COMPANYS products. Ideal Plan, control and deliver assigned projects or work packages, and make an input as required to crossfunctional projects/investigations, ensuring requirements are delivered to plan. Carry out team planning, risk management and quality activities in assigned areas in line with all requirements and processes. Provide effective support to customers in assigned areas, delivering solutions to meet the customers needs and requirements plus the programme plan. Provide help and direction to less experienced team members to support both their effective working and their development. If you are a Lead or Senior Systems Engineer then please apply. Skills and Knowledge General: Sound understanding of a System Engineering process (including System and SubSystem Specification, System Test and Integration) Experience of System Modelling using SysML ( UML) preferably using Rhapsody. Knowledge of tools for Requirements Capture and Control (DOORS) and Configuration Management (Dimensions)