Title: Automation Service Manager
Webindex: 67944676
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction This is a fantastic opening for an Automation Service Manager to join a fast growing outfit in StocktonOnTees. Important Control Systems, Electrical Engineer, PLC Engineer, SCADA, Field Service Engineer The Job A brilliant opportunity has arisen for an Automation Service Manager to join a busy firm in StocktonOnTees. Reporting to the Managing Director, the successful candidate will be in charge of the Automation department which currently consists of **** Engineers carrying out various roles. This position will be a hands on role, and the individual will undertake an active service project role themselves in addition to managing the small team. In order to be suitable for this role, you must have a strong PLC knowledge (the more the better) including SCADA, Visual studio etc. Solid team leader skills are a must (leading by example) and you will need to ensure any issues (including personnel) are resolved quickly. Demonstrable AutoCAD experience is essential as you will be expected to design systems. Excellent knowledge of control systems including a variety of sensors types. Able to undertake flexible with working hours as the main area of work is the marine sector. A can do attitude is a must. Working hours are based around projects so working overtime during the week to meet deadline will be expected. There will be some working away including overseas, usually a few weeks at a time **** or 5 times a year. Duties will also involve attending client meetings, arranging service visits for the engineer and generation of detailed quotes. A good working knowledge of PC systems including DOS, WINDOWS is essential. Strong communication skills are key as you will be the final point of contact with the customer. The role offers a basic of up to pound;**** per year and a company vehicle (van followed by car following successful probationary period). Overtime and Pension are also offered.