Title: Senior Structural Integrity Engineer  Defence
Webindex: 32966711
Company: Gregory Martin International
Description: Senior Structural Integrity Engineer  Defence Our client is looking for a Senior Structural Integrity Engineer to join their expanding team. As well as leading your own complex projects to successful delivery, you will be expected to provide Technical Governance to other projects to ensure that we continue to deliver to our high standards. The Mechanical Design and Analysis team is currently expanding to meet strong demand from its main clients. The team s work supports a number of key Defence programmes including the UK Submarine programme (both inservice and next generation vessels, as well as dockyard equipment and facilities) and high integrity structures for new Defence establishments. They also deliver a significant amount of work outside the Defence industry, making use of our strong design and analytical skills and plant knowledge to deliver projects for other internal or external clients. Engineers working within the team therefore have the opportunity to challenge themselves through delivering interesting and varied projects for a range of different clients and industries. Successful candidates will be required to undergo a security vetting process and offers of employment will be subject to relevant security clearance being granted to a minimum SC level. Applicants for this position must have the right to work in the UK without restriction. The Responsibilities Identify, supervise and produce calculations, analyses, and designs to demonstrate acceptable performance or identify design issues Author and update major technical documents to present technical findings (e.g. design substantiation reports, safety justifications) Lead requirements capture activities to identify the scope of work required Support bidding activities and produce proposal documents Manage task delivery against Time, Cost and Quality requirements Support our QA process through review or checking colleagues work Lead presentations to clients Lead or work within project teams (though some independent work, including placements at clients sites, may be required) Take responsibility for the quality and delivery of your own work and maintain reputation Essential Criteria Degreequalified or equivalent in Mechanical Engineering or a related discipline Chartered Engineer A proven track record of delivering highquality, complex technical solutions in challenging timescales. The ability to apply existing technical expertise and a sound understanding of mechanical engineering principles to varied projects and domains. A desire to be challenged and to contribute to the success of the business Significant demonstrable experience in two or more of the following technical disciplines is required; Stress analysis by hand calculation Finite Element analysis (preferably Abaqus or Ansys) Fatigue and fracture assessment ASME III Thermal analysis Desirable Criteria Experience in one or more of the following industry domains is also desirable, but relevant experience of the essential criteria above from other industries will be considered; Aero Engines or Aero Structures Steamraising power plant and components (pressure vessels, heat exchangers, pumps, valves, pipework etc) Nuclear industry knowledge and safety case appreciation Although the role is based in Bristol, opportunities also exist at various client sites around the country. Flexibility on work location and a willingness to undertake secondments to other sites is beneficial. Senior Structural Integrity Engineer  Defence Location: Bristol, Avon, South West Salary: **** to ****