Title: Process Engineering Manager
Webindex: 72171728
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Who are we? We are United Utilities, the North West s water and wastewater company. It s our job to bring 3.2 million households and thousands of businesses an incredible 2,000 million litres of clean, clear water each day. We take it all away too, treating it so it s safe to go back into the rivers. Our employees and managers are key to achieving our ambitious vision and plans and make sure the **** people who work hard for us everyday provide a great service to our customers. This year we are investing in our staff to help equip them with the skills they need to deliver great performance. This is where you come in We have an exciting permanent opportunity for a Process Engineering Manager to join our team in Warrington. Working within our Engineering Team, you will be responsible for leading and managing the development of our process engineers and scientists as well as ensuring the application of engineering knowledge throughout the organisation. You will be the key point of contact and will lead Process Engineering s interface with other business streams as well as managing team members input into projectspecific designs and the development and improvement of United Utilities Engineering Standards and Procedures. What will you focus on? Working in a matrix management system and reporting directly to the Head of Engineering Disciplines, you will work closely to position United Utilities as a knowledge leader in utility engineering by developing the Process Team s technical knowledge base and its people. You will: Provide leadership of a functional team of Process Engineers. Work to maximise productivity of discipline engineers focusing indirect time on strategic and value adding issues. Develop and maintain Engineering performance and service measures that allow benchmarking. Work with the Head of Engineering Disciplines and Engineering Service Leaders to understand future programme needs and develop and deliver discipline resources, balancing engineering delivery and individual development, managing resource planning and recruitment of staff/agency engineers for the projected workloads. What do you need? To succeed in this role you will: Be a Chartered Engineer with significant proven experience in the Water Industry. Have a very good knowledge of water and/or wastewater and/or sludge treatment processes and hydraulic design, together with a detailed knowledge and experience of company standards, procedures and technologies. Have experience and expertise in data gathering and analysis. Have knowledge of the regulatory environment, which is important in meeting our objectives. You must also be able to communicate, concepts and ideas regarding the application of particular designs to both technical and nontechnical audiences. Have knowledge of the operational environments, operator skill levels and operating cost implications of the proposed Engineering solutions. Have knowledge and experience of Process and construction risks analysis techniques such as ARM, HAZOP, HAZCON, HAZAN, HAZCOM and PEAZ. Have a proven successful track record of leading / guiding a team of professional engineers and ensuring the production of appropriate, consistent engineering outputs. Encourage innovation and new thinking to drive the process engineering team forward. If this sounds like you, and you would like to join our company during an exciting period of change and development, then click below to apply.