Title: Senior Network Engineer
Webindex: 66769234
Description: We are Essentia. We design, build and maintain healthcare infrastructure vital to the smooth running of healthcare services. We develop, build and implement cuttingedge solutions that capitalise on the latest advances in technology. Essentia Technology are a team of specialists with backgrounds in both the commercial and health markets. Our focus is to implement strategic solutions to enhance healthcare provision. We design, install and operate technological solutions for a wide range of clinical and corporate environments, with the aim to improve service efficiency for both staff and patients. There are many aspects to Networks and Security(N S) that require a dedicated focus from a very specialised and defined skill set. Networking involves a highly complex operation and administration of services. N S Services cover the internal networks, external networks and security systems. This job will hold responsibility for managing and maintaining new technology within the Network Security field. This position will be the trust expert within the N S Team. This will involve supply, management and the continuous improvement of Network Security services  24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year to **** people across multiple Trusts. These responsibilities include establishing and maintaining a change management framework, creating KPI reports for the Estates Newtorks and Security, including bandwidth management and traffic shaping to improve the end user experience, and identifying and analysing Network infrastructure to future proof the business. Further responsibilities include supporting the business to deliver all requests and projects, identify and resolve all issues whether they are raised by the business through service desk request or identified by Network Security Management support tools or through analysis of trends. Successful applicants will have: ITIL Foundation qualification Expert knowledge and skills within the Network Security arena working in a large organisation Significant experience working with Cisco Siwtches (****) and Routers (****) Significant experience in effectively supporting a large scale, complex IT T environment Proven experience of working within a **** environment as part of an on call team Applicants unable to demonstrate the above within their application will not be considered. Preference will be given to candidates who have: Proven senior level experience CCIE qualification We are part of Guy s and St Thomas NHS Foundation Trust, which means our services are by the NHS, for the NHS. We are committed to nurturing public sector careers and our own inhouse training Academy aims to build a sustainable workforce driven by NHS values, yet schooled in dynamic working practices and technological expertise. Interview date: 14th February 2013