Title: Engineering Manager  London
Webindex: 69560196
Company: Foundation Recruitment
Description: Engineering Manager  London My client is a leading property company boasting a highly prestigious property portfolio. Due to growth, my client is looking for an Engineering Manager to join their team for a new development that is being built. It is likely this role will have a dual aspect to it meaning other properties may be added to your realm of responsibility. Your primary function will be to ensure the effective delivery of all Technical Services (Mechanical, Electrical, Transport and Public Health Services) within a multitenanted environment. Being a brand new development, you must have experience of fit outs, refurbishments and setting up systems for service delivery. Contractor Management will play an important part and you will be expected to assess performance in line with KPI s/SLA s, monitor the functionality of plant and equipment and carry out regular quality audits. In the event of shutdowns, you must review contractor proposals ensuring optimum service to tenants and be available to attend site during shutdowns to ensure the smooth running of works. You will ensure compliance with all current legislation and manage all regimes pertaining to water treatment, emergency lighting and lifts. Provide support to your immediate team consisting of Building Managers, Engineer Systems Managers and support staff. Review tenant licence applications, commenting on drawings, specifications and reports relating to fit out and refurbishment works. Review Concept PPM schedules and conduct inspections on PPM and reactive works. Preparation and management of service charge budgets. Develop and manage environmental and energy conservation programmes. Ensure engineering specifications, contracts and tenders meet the requirements of the scheme. Preparation of tender documentation and managing the tender process.In order to be successful in your application, you must possess the following: HNC/ONC in Electrical/Mechanical or Building Services Engineering IOSH or NEBOSH A proven track record of working within a Property Company, Managing Agent or Private Practice environment A solid grounding of working within multi tenanted properties. Ability to demonstrate experience relating to fit out/refurbishment projects. Strong 3rd party contractor management skills. Solid financial management skills. Excellent communications, client liaison and customer service skills. Strong leadership and motivation skills.This is a fantastic opportunity to join a highly reputable property company. If you are interested in finding out more about the opportunity available, please contact Nicola Jackson on (Apply online only) for a noncommittal and confidential discussion or alternatively by email