Title: Principal Civil / Structural Engineer
Webindex: 68590632
Company: URS Infrastructure Environment UK Ltd
Description: URS is currently looking for a Principal Civil or Structural Engineer to join our Nuclear team based in Warrington. As a Principal Civil or Structural Engineer in Warrington you will undertake structural and seismic design on nuclear projects within the UK. You will liaise directly with clients and contractors, dealing with structural aspects of the projects. This role will also see you involved in the appraisal of existing facilities and engineering report writing. As a seasoned professional you will also provide mentorship to less experienced engineers within the team. You will hold an appropriate degree in Civil or Structural Engineering, and be Chartered or nearing Chartership with either the Institution of Civil or Structural Engineers. You will demonstrate a proven track record in structural engineering and the design of heavy civil structures in reinforced concrete and structural steelwork. In addition, you possess excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability and enthusiasm to mentor and supervise less experienced engineers. You will need a valid UK driving licence and you must be eligible for security clearance to a level of baseline standard, therefore you must have been a resident of the UK for at least three years. Experience within the Nuclear Industry would strengthen your application. This is a great opportunity for candidates who are looking for control and development of their career and we are keen to meet ambitious, driven individuals who want to join a wellestablished team but also have the desire to develop a business. URS is one of the world s leading engineering and environmental consultants, offering professional planning, engineering and architectural design, environmental, construction and programme and construction management services throughout the UK and internationally. We are a growing and vibrant organisation offering excellent benefits and employment conditions. We are committed to your individual career development and are proud to be able to offer a range of exciting projects as well as a variety of career directions for all our staff.