Title: Head of Maintenance  Tankage
Webindex: 69961993
Company: Reed Energy
Description: Organisation description: Our client operates the UK's secondbiggest oil refinery, and have made substantial investment in capital expenditure on the site this year. They will continue to invest heavily over the coming few years covering routine maintenance and refurbishment of units and equipment. In line with this growth and investment they are currently looking for a Head of Maintenance for on site storage tanks. Job Description: Reporting to the Team Leader Tankage and Offplot Pipelines To manage routine maintenance activities for Storage tanks and associated facilities on behalf of site production units. To manage longer term storage tank policy and strategy, and to provide professional, technical and commercial support for tank maintenance and refurbishment works. The Tank HOM is responsible for the planning and execution of Tank maintenance and refurbishment across the site. Individual tank costs vary ****K maintenance works to >1 million major refurbishment works, both capital and revenue spend. Responsibilities extend to approx **** tanks across **** separate Production Units with accountability also to PU management Value is approx 4 Million spend annually. Responsibility for leading teams of on average **** contract and agency staff via contractor management and supervision. Liaison at HOM and PU manager level with individual Production Units. Principal Accountabilities: Plan and schedule maintenance activities on tanks to meet site business needs. Manage the improvement processes leading to improved execution including better control of records including drawings, and master data. Interact with other engineering disciplines to plan and execute maintenance Develop and control the tank maintenance and refurbishment budget on behalf of PUs and develop new requests for authorised funds as required using Capex and Revex processes. Manage site Tank maintenance strategy in line via RRM. Manage integrity maintenance of tanks to ensure compliance with Company and Statutory standards implementing best practices including completion of inspection associated activities prior to due dates. Coordinate legal aspects of tank management (COMAH and PSSR studies) and ensure strict control of all HSSE issues for own and contract staff (toolbox talks, site visits, audits etc). Develop and maintain the tank system work instructions and procedures to meet business needs. Develop and provide specialist technical tank advice to the site. Contract holder for core mechanical tank contracts. Accountability for HSSE managements with contract workforce. Development and management of the scope of work for tank and integrity inspections. Identification and implementation of improvements to quality, and reliability of tank maintenance and availability. Develop and achieve opportunities to save costs and scheduled outage periods for tank maintenance and refurbishment. Strong engineering background (mechanical bias) with sound knowledge of standards, planning, cost control and site Engineering systems. Desirable HNC or Equivalent in Engineering Discipline Mechanical, P&C or Civil Engineering. Demonstrable HSSE focus with ability to communicate to a diverse contracting group. Authorised Engineer for permit to work controls covering tank activities. (or directly working towards) Good interpersonal and communication skills with proven ability to clearly communicate plans and strategy to production units. Proficient IT skills SAP, AIM, MS office Experience of direct labour supervision Experience and knowledge in petrochemical construction or maintenance procedures Working knowledge of tank construction and maintenance methods Preference for evidence of competence in Tank construction and maintenance processes. Preference for evidence of training in tank construction and maintenance such as Shell course. L**** Storage Tank Maintenance & Inspection or similar.