Title: Photolithography Group Leader
Webindex: 69007851
Company: Intech Recruitment Ltd
Description: Photolithography Group Leader **** Lincoln My client a manufacturer of integrated circuits are currently seeking an experienced group leader for their wafer fab equipment engineering team. The purpose of the roles is to ensure that a comprehensive programme of maintenance and support is created, developed and implemented within the business area of photolithography. The successful group leader will be expected to participate in daytoday activities as well as managing a team of specialists, ensuring that they are fully supported in carrying out departmental activities. The main responsibilities for this role will include managing the photolithography business area to ensure that all work is completed, ensuring there is a regular programme of maintenances that covers all machinery, ensure that all maintenance records are maintained and are up to date. To be considered for the role of Photolithography Group Leader you should: Be HNC educated in engineering/mechanical engineering or a relevant physical science. Experience of leading and motivating a team. Experience of creating and implementing a plan of work within a similar team. Experience of wafer fab equipment, or similar equipment involved in Electronics, Integrated Circuits, Semiconductors manufacturing. By sending us your CV you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your personal data on a computer database for the purpose of evaluating your application for employment. This processing will be carried out in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act **** By applying for this role you hereby consent to us to finding you work on your behalf. If you do not wish your CV to be sent to our client then you must clearly state this to us. iNTECH Recruitment act as both an employment agency for all permanent positions and as an employment business for temporary contract positions. Please note: All calls are recorded for training, quality and business purposes