Title: Operations Manager  Energy from Waste Jobs In Scotland
Webindex: 68814117
Company: Eden Scott
Description: Eden Scott's retained client is a company engaged in the management and processing of waste and the generation of electricity from refuse derived fuel, and operates a wastetoenergy plant in the Dundee area. The plant comprises two hightechnology bubbling fluidised bed boilers and a steam turbine which drives an electrical generator, the latter recovering energy from waste. The electricity produced satisfies the Plant's own needs and the surplus is exported to the national grid, being sufficient to power around **** homes  equivalent to around a fifth of Dundee's population. An exciting opportunity has become available for an experienced Operations Manager to be based at the plant in Dundee reporting to the Managing Director. This is a key role which is part of the senior management team and integral to the business. The Role The purpose of the role is to, in collaboration with the management team, ensure the safe and profitable operation of the Energy from Waste plant. Key responsibilities will include; Supervising all aspects of shift and operations. Maximising profitability through optimising plant performance. Overseeing fuel quality and stocks, enabling the plant output to be maintained Developing staff training programmes. Managing plant operations in line with best practice and statutory requirements. The postholder will engage in a variety of tasks including; Regular dialogue with the Managing Director to maintain an awareness of the Board's objectives and take appropriate action as directed by the Managing Director. Leadership and supervision of plant personnel Maintain communications with the shift and day teams and ensure they are informed of all day to day matters affecting plant operations  including management of the shift rota for operations staff Monitor performance of overall plant and individual process elements against design parameters and overall efficiency. Organise the testing of process variables, maintain records, write reports and take appropriate action to ensure operations remain within design and regulatory requirements. Ensure adequate fuel supplies are maintained and fuel stock levels are managed Work closely with the Maintenance Manager to allow for maintenance work where operational changes might be necessary ensuring minimal impact on production Prepare and maintain operating budgets and provide sanction over all operational overtime and overseeing record keeping. Control overtime expenditure in line with agreed budgets. Make outline budgetary proposals, for board comment, for plant modifications to achieve operational improvements. Recruitment, training and ongoing development of plant staff Ensure all site operations conform to HSE and statutory requirements by maintaining and suggesting revisions to appropriate site procedures. Deputise for the Managing Director, taking responsibility, when directed, for all plant activities Primary contact for SEPA , Scottish Water ESA/SESA  delivering presentations to the Good Neighbours Group The Person Degree qualified in a relevant Engineering discipline ie. Civil/Electrical/Mechanical Strong leadership and people management skills Plant operations experience within a relevant industry sector eg. Energy from Waste, Biomass, conventional power stations, chemical processing, or indeed broader twentyfour/seven continuous process plant sector / environment. Excellent communication and organisational skills Currently at Operations Manager level or the grade below with potential to make the step up