Title: Sales Recruitment Graduate Training Scheme
Webindex: 68634400
Company: CVbrowser
Description: We will be holding our 'Graduate Open Day' in the New Year at our Head Office in Whiteley Business Park, Fareham. This is a fantastic opportunity for you to learn more about a graduate career with us, the role of a recruitment consultant, and to hear from our existing graduates Are you looking for a career that presents new challenges every day? Does working in a competitive environment with like  minded people attract you? Are you looking to work for an organisation where you can train and develop your career? If the answer to these questions is yes then a career in recruitment consultancy could be for you Successful candidates will ideally possess: Strong written and verbal communication skills Some previous experience of working to targets or evidence of the desire to achieve Some experience in a sales environment As an industry leading recruitment firm, we offer full training coupled with ongoing support and development, as well as a clearly defined path for career progression leading to membership of the Institute of Recruitment Professionals, our industry body. Our training programme has been developed over the last 20 years and is one of the most comprehensive and supportive training programmes in the recruitment industry. We are so confident in the effectiveness of our training that many of our core recruits are graduates with little or no experience in sales or recruitment. As an industry leading recruitment firm, we offer full training coupled with ongoing support and development, as well as a clearly defined path for career progression.  Opportunities for Career Progression  Training  Comprehensive inhouse training covering the first year at Matchtech.  Sales, system, legal training to ensure you understand the whole process.  Training towards Professional Qualifications at the end of your first year.  Day to day support working closely with your line manager who will support you.  Competitive basic salary, uncapped commission  Company car after qualifying period (BMW, VW, Audi, Mercedes)  Share options  Pension scheme  Young person Rail Card (if applicable).  Environment:  At Matchtech Group we believe in a sociable and active environment, priding ourselves on our sport, social and charity achievements. With weekly sport clubs, monthly social activities and our ongoing charity support, we provide a friendly, energetic and welcoming environment both in and out of the work place. Matchtech Group, voted 25th in 'The Sunday Times **** Best Companies to Work For' 2012, is a leading technical and professional recruitment specialist. An AIM listed company, we specialise in professional recruitment in the Engineering Science, Construction and Professional Services sectors. Established in 1984, Matchtech has rapidly grown to become one of the UK's top 15 recruitment companies with a turnover of