Title: Internal Sales Projects Engineer
Webindex: 72248831
Company: Professional Technical Ltd
Description: Internal Sales Projects Engineer Location: Derbyshire Excellent salary with company benefits The company are leaders in their field and have a new requirement for an Internal Sales Engineer to join the business. Essential Requirements: HNC or degree in Mechanical Engineering (or equivalent) Previous internal or external Sales experience, including project handling Job Purpose: To ensure continued growth of the Company s business through optimum service being given to customers and all sales personnel. Duties To independently manage contracts, review technically and make commercial proposals to meet the customer requirements. Take the lead role in arranging and running of Contract reviews at enquiry and / or order stage, ensuring all Technical, Quality Assurance and Purchasing matters are resolved. Deal with project type business, particularly those enquiries containing a high degree of technical and commercial content, and also defence related customers. To independently manage a range of process type enquiries and propose suitable technical and commercial solutions to the customers requirements. Follow up selected quotations in conjunction with the Area Sales Engineers and record feedback on the enquiry log system. Ensure that all customer order documentation requirements are compiled within the required timescales. Ensure that products are sold profitably as determined by the business. Ensure response to enquiries, orders and all other activities are according to identified timescales. Ensure that customer complaints are handled according to Company policy. Liaise with all departments in the Company, Agents and Customers. To develop and maintain knowledge and work within Company policies, practices, systems, procedures and product knowledge. Deal with Customer Visits as required. Ensure all orders that result from a quotation conform in all aspects to the terms offered before processing / entering the order on to the system. Evaluate requests for returned goods and raising initial paperwork for action in accordance with the returned goods procedure. In conjunction with the relevant Area Sales Engineer, visit customers as required. Person Requirements / Qualifications Experience Essential requirements: HNC or degree in Mechanical Engineering (or equivalent) Previous internal and/or external Sales experience, including project handling High level of sales awareness and commercial judgement The ability to communicate tactfully and clearly Computer literacy Ability to prioritise heavy and variable workload Professional attitude to all aspects of customer care Competent with Microsoft project, word, excel Preferred: Previous experience in heavy industry Understands demands of an ISO 9001 environment or similar Proven history of complex technical contracts as per clients specification This is a fantastic opportunity to join a progressive business that can offer a secure future. Interested applicants, please forward a copy of your CV details to Beverley.reavillprofessionaltechnical.com (Agy) Professional Technical is a specialist recruitment consultancy supporting the engineering recruitment market, developing recruitment partnerships with engineering businesses on a national scale. Professional Technical supply the engineering and technical talent so that our clients can focus on the core elements of engineering. Professional Technical is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.