Title: Building Services Engineer  Rail Infrastructure
Webindex: 69849551
Company: TRS Staffing Solutions Limited
Description: Building Services Engineer  Rail Infrastructure Salary ****  ****  benefits Based in Reading / London Brief Vacancy Description: To assist with the engineering development of allocated building services proposals from clarification of remit to project completion developing the engineering solutions to proposals to best satisfy the business case. Provide engineering expertise on building maintenance and renewal matters. Manage asset condition issues such that they continue to support the delivery of coampny s goals. Applicant should be able to:  Conversant with all aspects of railway building services engineering i.e. buildings, stations, depots and the standards which apply to them.  Able to review and constructively comment on third party produced proposals for new build, alteration, refurbishment and reconstruction schemes to ensure compliance with Railway Group and Network Rail standards and policy and should:  Appreciate the need for building services assets which are fit for purpose, have a high safety ranking, have affordable capital cost and low maintenance costs.  Have a sympathetic approach to safety, energy conservation, reliability, maintainability, constructability, environmental and whole life cost requirements and be able to apply them to an operational railway environment in line with company policies. Essential Experience:  An industryrecognised training qualification  A demonstrable aptitude for option development.  Strong evaluation and decisionmaking skills.  Five years experience of building services maintenance/renewals within the rail industry or other multisite property organisation.  Thorough knowledge of statutory and/or rail industry requirements for building services and plant works.  An ability to work and communicate effectively in a team context.  An appreciation of all the life cycle stages of rail infrastructure.  Knowledge and experience in applying and using, conditions of contract for building services and plant works.  Effective communications skills and an understanding of customer requirements and objectives.  CDM, Auditing and risk assessment competencies. Desirable experience:  Six Sigma Yellow Belt  Membership of a relevant professional institution (e.g. RICS, MIOB, CIBSE).  Experience applying Railway Group Standards to the design, construction, operation and maintenance of building services and plant.  Knowledge of the possession regime and an understanding of the track access andstation access contractual requirements within the rail industry.  Yellow book course To apply for this opportunity please contact Phil Hackett on **** **** **** or phil.hacketttrsstaffing.com, or apply online via the link below. TRS Staffing does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. Please note You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any job. TRS Staffing acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies Employment Business Regulations ****