Title: Assistant Commercial Manager x ****  Swindon
Webindex: 72459424
Company: Randstad
Description: Assistant Commercial Manager Swindon pound;****k Permanent The purpose of the role is to provide commercial support to the team, including the provision of reporting and system based transactional activities for the whole portfolio, whilst actively being involved in the day to day commercial administration of lower value / lower risk contracts. Key Accountabilities: Support the assessment amp; valuation of contractor s applications and processing of payment certification in accordance with contractual terms amp; conditions, commensurate with contractual entitlement.  Provide associated advice and information to Project Managers on change including proposed scope changes, recommending appropriate action and producing required documentation for approval in accordance with levels of delegated authority.  Measure from drawings or on site to establish quantities.  Assist in preparation of estimates for works. Input cost and quantity information into estimating systems and produce reports, using cost modelling tools as required.  Assist in preparation of tender, pricing and contract documentation. Carry out cost analysis of accepted tenders.  Assist the Commercial Manager with the production of applications for payment/invoices to outside clients in accordance with relevant funding agreements, producing supporting documentation as appropriate. Undertake final account settlements and internal reconciliations to facilitate project close out as per the project authority and project plan within agreed timescales.  Monitor and report on commercial aspects of projects, flagging issues at the earliest opportunity to responsible management and carry out allocated duties in accordance with corporate governance escalating any matters which might lead to corporate governance being breached and taking action to resolve them in a timely manner.  Support finance reporting within the Rail clients reporting framework including Cost Forecasting, Anticipated Final Cost, Cost of Work Done, Gross Billing and Current Contract Value; and provide robust Cost Analysis Feedback.  Assist the Commercial Manager with reviewing contractor delivery, including where appropriate, attending valuation and progress meetings. For multiyear framework agreements, support the agreement and produce reconciled annual accounts within 6 months of each yearend.  Support the compilation of supplier performance reports as per our Rail clients process, and as defined within certain contracts. Keep commercial records up to date in properly maintained files and subsequently archive (and adequately record) the documents, following commercial close out. Job Skills, Experience amp; Qualifications: Essential  Experience of using Oracle Projects  Educated to A Level or equivalent  General experience in report writing and numerical data manipulation  General experience in delivering oral presentations  MS Office i.e. at least intermediate Excel and Word skills Desirable  Have obtained or progressing relevant Higher Education level qualification  Experience of working within a commercial environment  Knowledge of basic estimating, valuation and cost reporting, financial modelling  Negotiation skills  MS Project amp; PowerPoint  Knolwledge of the Rail industry We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.