Title: ISSG (Naval Systems Integration) Senior Engineer
Webindex: 69669224
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Our client are a leading provider of support services to the Royal Navy, they are currently seeking an individual with strong naval comms and EW systems engineering knowledge to lead a team in the installation of this equipment aboard naval vessels. Important Knowledge of Naval Ship/Submarine EW, COMINT amp; Comms systems. The ability to lead others in the installation of these systems. The Job The ISSG Senior Engineer will primarily require engineering expertise in the areas of installation, commissioning, fault rectification and trials for the assigned ISSG project. The role will also require providing support to business development and system engineering activities. The ISSG Senior Engineer will need: Knowledge of surface ship and submarine EW systems. Knowledge of surface ship and submarine COMINT systems. Knowledge of surface ship and submarine communication systems. Be capable of leading a team to install, commission and present systems to the relevant authority. Be able to lead support activities and OPDEF rectification. Produce technical reports for engineering activities. Understand, apply and enforce safety processes in the working environment. Qualifications, Experience amp; Requirements Able to communicate between internal groups and external customers. Strong presentation skills for system trials. Effective working from remote locations. Excellent understanding of supported systems and practical skills for electrical/electronic engineering. Good understanding of IT systems and networks. Security conscious and capable of handling PM material. Prepared to be on call to provide immediate OPDEF support within the UK and abroad. Relevant experience for installing, commissioning and conducting trials. Relevant experience within the dockyard or Navy platforms. Experience of managing engineering tasks and activities. HNC level (or equivalent relevant experience) in Electrical/ Electronic engineering. Preferably a management qualification or suitable experience.  Please note this role requires UK defence security clearance to DV level as a minimum, you must be DV clearable to apply for this role  To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK