Title: Principal Quality Engineer
Webindex: 67946262
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Our client, a manufacturer and supplier of marine electronics, for the commercial and military sectors, is currently seeking an experienced Quality Engineer to work from their busy Surrey headquarters. Important Automation test, QA, Quality Assurance, SC, Security clearable. The Job This role will require you to perform assurance function plus independent software testing for the company s programs amp; products, encompassing the following responsibilities: Evaluate releases of machinery Automation products, and countersign releases. Witness test activities on Machinery Automation projects. Attend Machinery Automation IRBs. Ensure company procedures, ISO 9001 and good practice are followed by Machinery Automation teams. Perform Independent Software Testing and Validation as required. Devise tests based on published requirements. Reports and metrics using Tracker etc. Update Tracker records as needed. Carry out ISO 9001 audits as part of the company s regular audit program. To attain satisfactory level of technical product knowledge. To create and communicate process for any duty, ensuring involvement from all. To be aware of and comply with Company Standards of Conduct and all relevant statutory requirements. Required Technical degree qualified or equivalent engineering qualification (HNC etc). ISO 9001 Audit experience. Experience of testing of Machinery Automation products. General IT competence. Good working knowledge of PC architecture. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Good ability to learn and assimilate information quickly. SC requirement Sole UK Nationality (No dual Passport holders). Systems Engineering experience. Experience in systems and software test and evaluation This role will require to work on mission critical systems, therefore applications will only be considered from those with current SC clearance, or those with the ability to attain this. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK The Matchtech Controls amp; Automation team specialise in Automation and Control Systems requirements both from a contract or permanent perspective. Our requirements cover: DCS engineers, PLC engineers, SCADA Engineers, Safety Systems Engineers, ICA amp; Electrical controls engineers. Also including Project Management and senior appointments in the automation sector.