Title: Principal Systems Engineer  Seekers
Webindex: 71684401
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Our client are a world leader in the defence industry who design and develop defence systems for the international market. Now recruiting for Systems Design Engineers to join the team. Important RF Systems Design The Job Job Title: Principal Systems Engineer  Seekers Reports to: Senior Principal Engineer Role Purpose: Lead Systems Engineering activities related to design of RF Sensors and RF Sensor Signal Processing Accountabilities: Responsibilities: Perform analysis of data gathered during ground trials and a telemetry firing. Identify problems within the system, report these and propose changes to the system design Model suggested improvements to system design. Update the software requirements specification and provide test vectors to the software team to enable software test Attend trials site and participate in data gathering activities Essential: Technical ownership of the task Make engineering decisions within own sphere of responsibility and delegated authority. Technical excellence exhibited in approach to problems and objectives Evaluate technical issues in order to develop proposals for investigations and/or solutions, including process improvements. Keep up to date in relevant technical areas, develop skills and capabilities to be able to provide more effective services (seeking and sharing good practice and knowledge to continuously improve practices), and supply technical support and expertise to others as required. Analysis and studies carried out in a suitably proportional way Carry out investigations into a full range of problems, issues or developments and develop and prepare solutions, individually or as a member of a project team. Customer interfaces (internal and external) are treated sensitively Act as the main point of contact with customers (internal and external) and/or suppliers and collaborators in assigned areas on engineering matters, to resolve a full range of problems and issues and to maintain an awareness in both parties of priorities and objectives. Ideal Supervision of junior engineers e.g. graduates Manage assigned budgets and lead, develop and motivate assigned staff to ensure they are aware of and capable of delivering their accountabilities. Provide help and direction to less experienced team members to support both their effective working and their development. Bidding and project planning executed in a considered and timely fashion Support the identification of business opportunities and the preparation of bids in area(s) of expertise to facilitate the development of the highest quality bids. Skills and Knowledge Degree or equivalent in relevant discipline plus some or all of the following: Significant, relevant experience (Knowledge of RF systems would be an advantage but not essential) Substantial analytical and problem solving skills Good knowledge of the company organisation Radar Systems studies (Trade off studies, requirements apportionment, sensitivity studies etc.) Math Modelling including Model Based Design (using Fortran, C, Matlab, Simulink, Statemate) Signal processing (e.g. Target Detection, Target Acquisition, Image processing, particularly Doppler Beam Sharpening) Algorithm development (Digital filtering, DFT processing, Track formation and propagation etc.) System and SubSystem Specification (Knowledge of DOORS an advantage) System Test, Integration and Certification, Trials Analysis Good verbal and written communications Performance Indicators Successful and timely delivery of objectives Ability to adapt to changing circumstances Provision of technical liaison Broadening RF Seeker Systems Design Skills by formal training and on the job training Positive (enthusiastic and energetic) approach to new tasks Able to work on own initiative To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK and able to gain security clearance prior to the start date