Title: Northern Europe Sales Manager
Webindex: 69692304
Company: Outsource UK Limited
Description: Northern Europe Sales Manager Job Type: Permanent Location: Essex Salary: Up to **** basic  OTE **** per annum  company car Opportunity for a Sales Manager to contribute to our clients growth in Northern Europe, Israel and South Africa within the global sales team. Main Accountabilities:  Responsible for the development of electronic components sales in Northern Europe, Israel and South Africa  Identify leads and qualify business opportunities demonstrating the unique benefits of our value added solutions.  Deal with enquiries, Request For Quotation (RFQ) and bid management: (coordination of the internal teams supporting the value proposition).  Convert leads into business sales orders and order intake: Ability to pitch the division and the group value propositions and influence potential customers (and third party involved) at the most senior level displaying a holistic view of our business with the view to achieve the sales plan in line with the business strategy.  Customer Relation Management: Manage the opportunities in the CRM to provide the division with an accurate view of the business opportunities and actions to progress them.  B2B Key Account Management: ensuring optimum level of communication between customers, partners and the company key contacts at all times Desired Skills Experience  To succeed in this role you must have a proven track record and experience in semiconductor or B2B sales combined with background in electronic engineering. A record of successfully expanding sales will be a plus.  Your fluency to mothertongue level in English is essential and although French speaking is not a requirement of the role, it would be a bonus and so would your capacity to understand international export licence regulations. If you would like to be considered for the role, please send your CV to kgregoryoutsourceuk.co.uk or call on **** **** for further information on the above position or Apply Online. Katy is a dedicated Account Executive specialising in the Engineering sector and works on behalf of candidates looking for opportunities to progress and clients searching for relevant, experienced candidates on both a contract and permanent basis within this sector. We grow our business by referrals  do you know anyone I could help today?Please visit our website URL removed