Title: Project Manager  Heat Exchangers
Webindex: 67211551
Description: Project Manager  Heat Exchangers/Engineering Poole, Dorset ****  **** An Experienced Project Manager is required to provide project engineering skills, ensuring assigned projects are completed to the required quality, schedule and within budget, working on Projects you will report to the Projects and Operations Director. Preference will be given to candidates who have experience of pressure vessel codes and heat exchanger design, especially within the oil manufacturing activities, resolving problems or nonconformances. Ensure assigned projects adhere to schedule and budget targets, taking action where necessary Risk assessment & management throughout the project Produce data and documentation for project reporting to the customer and leadership team Issue milestone invoices and control cash receipts against agreed payment terms. Person Specification You will most likely have obtained an HND or degree level education in engineering, as well as have a basic understanding of the ASME design codes. You must also have the relevant working knowledge to understand the requirements of project management. A knowledge of manufacturing, including welding & NDT processes (TIG, MIG, SMAW, dye pen, radiography, UT etc) would be advantageous, as would a basic knowledge of materials and testing requirements. Skills Microsoft Office skills, (ideally including MS Project) as well as AutoCAD skills Experience in an engineering role within an ISO 9000 manufacturing environment Ability and willingness to undertake occasional travel within the UK and possibly overseas Company: Our client is the market leading supplier of highly compact diffusionbonded heat exchangers. They have built a worldwide reputation for quality and bespoke customer service. ASC Connections is a leading recruitment business specialising within areas of both technical and business services. We operate as an employment business or an employment agency for all temporary and permanent roles respectively. For an extensive range of job opportunities please visit our website at (url removed)