Title: Principal Naval Engineer / Naval Architect
Webindex: 67946222
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Principal Naval Engineer / Naval Architect required to join a leading consultancy. Important Proven experience within a similar role. The Job Our client is the leading independent centre of engineering design, design support and technical services for defence customers, conveniently situated a short walk from the centre of Bath. We are currently looking for a Principal Naval engineer / Naval Architect to join our small team specialising in Constructive Engineering and Installation Design which is the focal point for design studies relating to ship, compartment and system designs ranging from concept and feasibility through to the preparation of guidance information. Primary responsibilities will include: To undertake design tasks relating to constructive engineering and installation as specified by the Head of Naval Engineering and ensure tasks are undertaken and completed to an agreed standard, to time and within cost. To undertake task costing, monitor progress and liaise with clients and customers. To analyse and assess design solutions for accuracy, feasibility and viability. To act as Technical Champion for ship structural design, ****D draughting capability and draughting tools. To provide leadership and guidance for the Produce Drawings Working Group. To provide technical expertise and advice to other Naval Engineering team members and the company in general with reference to ship construction related items. To ensure all work is carried out in accordance with the Company Quality Procedures. To represent our client at meetings with customers and clients. To maintain an awareness of developing techniques and methods associated with ship construction and draughting tools. Personnel Specification: Proven naval engineering experience Experience in managing projects, including budgetary control Experience in supervising and managing a small team Previous experience in managing detailed technical work Good analytical skills Good interpersonal, reporting and presentation skills  and ability to communicate at all levels in an organisation (the company and clients) Ability to mentor less experienced staff Ability to scope and present customer s needs and write effective statements of work In return, we offer a competitive salary, company amp; group wide profit share bonus scheme, subsidised gym/sports membership, payment of institution membership fees, company pension scheme, 25 days holiday and more. A relocation allowance is available where applicable. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK