Title: Graduate Sales Promoter
Webindex: 67020205
Company: Grad Central
Description: We have a great opportunity for an Electrical Engineering graduate to join our client based in Walsall. Our client is a British Manufacturer of control gear products with an excellent reputation for their engineering expertise and they are keen to appoint a recent engineering graduate to join them as a Graduate Sales Promoter to assist the Area Sales Manager in managing day to day activities of Distributors in stock replenishment, training and product promotions. Job Title: Graduate Sales Promoter Location: Walsall Salary: ****  ****  company car  benefits Working as the Sales Promoter you will have the following duties; To build and develop relationships with key Distributors. Endorse the ethos of customer service excellence including the need for a right first time approach to Distributor needs. Carry out stock replenishments of POS stands. Take stock orders from Distributors. To assist and carry out training of Distributor employees in relation to products Provide a weekly/monthly report to the manager on all business activities including agreed business planning objectives. Identify additional business opportunities and pass them to relevant ASM. To organize and carry out promotional events at Distributor premises. To work closely with the Assistant Sales Manager to develop the business within the Distributor business. Sort out issues with Distributors as instructed by Head Office Carry out regular stock takes, as directed. To follow up leads from quote book The successful candidate will be educated to degree level in an Electrical Engineering discipline and will have experience working within a customer facing role. you will be an excellent communicator with good numerate and literate skills. You will be energetic with a real drive to make things happen and deliver the highest of levels of customer service. It is essential that you hold a full clean driving licence. Candidates will need to be available on the 6th February. Grad Central is a new service aimed at matching the best graduates with companies across the West Midlands and is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. If you have not previously registered on the Grad Central website, by applying for this role you agree to be automatically added to our database of job seekers. You will be issued with login details to your own Grad Central account where you can update your profile with your job preferences, set up job alerts and access our bank of helpful job hunting information. If you do not wish us to hold onto your details you can delete your profile from our database by logging in and following the relevant options. We do not pass on any information to third parties. Please refer to our website for our full terms and conditions