Title: Training Administrator  Rotherham
Webindex: 71196024
Company: Randstad
Description: Training Administrator required by Global organisation with offices in Rotherham for a **** month fixed term appointment. Salary up to pound;****k plus benefits. This role offers an exciting opportunity to support the effective use of technology in training and learning, within a highly professional and successful International business. You will be working within the Learning Technology team to design, create and publish the Company s elearning and virtual training as well as developing and updating online resources. You should have sound knowledge in elearning, coaching support and processes to enhance the quality, flexibility and efficiency of learning. You should have experience of using research and analysing numerical data in a persuasive way. You will be required to provide system administration support to colleagues and clients to support the effective use of learning technology. Skills  Ability to use MS Excel as an analytical/reporting tool  Excellent interpersonal skills  Excellent written and verbal communication skills  Proficient use of MS Office applications  Technical competence using a range of multimedia tools  Research and evaluation skills  Knowledge of SPSS statistical software  Proactive colleague/client support and problem resolution This is a fantastic opportunity to join a market leader and develop your core skills whilst learning new technology. Please send in your CV NOW for immediate consideration. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills amp; qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. Skills Excel, ELearning, Administration,