Title: Project Assurance Engineer
Webindex: 67763212
Company: Thames Water
Description: Thames Water, is the UK s largest water company, supplying clean water and wastewater services Greater London, the Thames Valley, Surrey, Gloucestershire, Wiltshire, Kent and other parts of the United Kingdom. Thames Water supplies over a tonne of water a week to 9 million drinking water customers from over 100 water treatment works via a huge and extremely vast network of managed water mains across London and the Thames Valley. They recycle wastewater from 14 million people safely back to the environment totalling 2,600 million litres of water per day. The flow of projects is extremely diverse, with a range of multimillion contracts underway and due to start in the near future exciting times indeed as the company continue on their path of developing and being the UK s frontrunner in the innovation and integration of new technology as well as offering a best in class service to its customers. As part of ongoing key projects, they are now looking to appoint a number of key personnel, including the role of Commissioning Integration Engineer. Role Purpose: To assist with the asset integration for capital activities up to the value of c100m annually. You will provide the interface between internal stakeholders and contractors delivering major capital programmes or projects within the Contract Management Office. Responsible for facilitating the smooth delivery of capital activity into operational use, whilst at all times providing a positive stakeholder experience. What will this role involve? The position is heavily focused towards the duties of a commissioning engineer with the addition of responsibility for bringing new and old assets in line, including aspects such as hard deliverables, training and producing manuals where necessary. You will be an integral member of the Asset Integration team and be involved in technical commissioning activity such as bringing old plant back into work with new plant , working closely with the planning team, checking snags on new builds, running feasibility studies, consulting with design aspects through to final delivery. While the commissioning activity is a key aspect of the role, the position itself offers a diversity of responsibility and scope beyond this. On a daytoday basis you will be working closely with the contractor, providing high quality stakeholder management and facilitating the needs of all parties. Further responsibilities include: Ensuring contractors discharge their contractual obligations for the performance, operability and maintainability of new and altered assets. Implementing opportunities to improve the customer experience and the ease of asset transfer to Operations. Providing feedback and performance information to the divisional manager to assist in the effective management of contracts. Pursue a customer focussed culture, driving this through the contract, unrelenting in its pursuit of excellence in service delivery to both internal and external customers. Actively ensure that every customer touch point is a positive experience within the programme. Taking responsibility for the optimisation of both new and old assets in partnership with Operations, including ensuring the contractor discharges his contractual obligations. The Suitable Candidate: The suitable candidate will have site experience and knowledge within the water and utilities sector or a similar area such as transmission and distribution or a similar power and utilities environment. You will ideally come from an electrical background, with an understanding of mechanical You will ideally be degree educated within a closely related engineering discipline and chartered status is desirable Customer focused  Experienced in creating and delivering a positive customer experience. Construction/Operation  The suitable candidate will have experience of the delivery process for designing, constructing, testing, commissioning and hand over of new assets. Has a thorough understanding of the operational business and has experience of integrating and optimising new assets. Commercial awareness  Experience in the implementation of engineering projects. Resilience  Has a balanced, realistic approach to pressure, maintains a positive outlook in front of others. IT skills  Familiar with email, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Thames Water s financial systems. Interpersonal skills  Excellent communication skills. Strong interpersonal skills. Have experience managing processes (commissioning) through from initial conception through to completion whilst dealing with stakeholders and key personnel both on a commercial and engineering level at company and contractor level. Contact Ben Pascall  (0)(Apply online only) As part of ongoing key projects, they are now looking to appoint a number of key personnel, including the role of Project Assurance Engineer Role Function: The purpose of the role is to assure the quality of the physical assets and deliverables provided by the contractor delivering the projects. Essentially acting as the eyes and ears of the Contract Manager, this person will work onsite to directly drive performance of the contract to achieve time, cost and quality outputs as well as providing the appropriate evidence to the team to optimise and protect the organisation s commercial position. It will be necessary to gain intimate knowledge of the programme performance at all stages, working closely with the contractors on site to understand their progress, methods and issues whilst driving stringent Health and Safety procedures and ensuring compliance with contractual expectations. Key accountabilities of the role are to; Support the Contracts Manager by reporting performance versus plan Observe, record and report on contractor activity, assessing and supporting the Contract Manager in protecting the commercial position Respond appropriately to claims from the contractor and collate evidence to identify of noncompliance by the contractor Ensure performance data is produced and all contractor performance issues are addressed Capture new quality issues and share with the rest of the business Work with the contractor to drive continuous improvement Carry out audits on the contractor s compliance with method statements and risk assessments Scrutinize performance and efficiency of contractors and assess the quality of documentation they produce Skills / Experience: Must be assertive with an ability to understand how to monitor, measure and optimise contractual compliance within a construction project. Able to demonstrate a thorough knowledge of construction and operational activity ideally within the water industry Have a proven track record of success in Projects valued from 50m Desirable: A general understanding of mechanical or electrical equipment A formal qualification in HSE and Quality. Contact Sara Jackson  Tel (Apply online only)