Title: Electrical Engineer (Rail)
Webindex: 68181913
Company: Forces Recruitment Services Ltd
Description: Job title: Electrical Engineer (Rail) Location: London Salary: Up to **** dep on exp  benefits Job type: Permanent A global leader in engineering and design consultancy has a requirement for an Engineer with rail electrical experience to join its Rail MEP team, based in Chancery Lane, London. The candidate should have relevant experience in working within a building services environment ideally within a rail environment, with a working knowledge of Network Rail Crossrail Standards and design assurance processes. Ideally the candidate must have a good working knowledge of electrical services underground station design. This is an ideal opportunity for a committed and dedicated individual who wishes to develop and grow within an expanding Rail section. RESPONSIBILITIES The role involves working as part of a team to support the delivery of projects and will carry out the following functions: Support the team leadership by contributing to feasibility option studies, carrying out sketch designs of options and assisting in compiling final documentation, completing assigned tasks to designated deadlines; Project manage projects, using applicable project management tools: Follow in full the document control and QA processes relevant to project work, ensuring drawings, specifications, reports and correspondence are issued, and filed / archived in an appropriate manner; Compiling design specifications including checking compliance with the project brief through calculations and cross referencing with manufacturers literature; ensuring all relevant standards and guides are used as reference with the design specification. The tasks shall be completed within project deadlines; Organise and carry out detailed design to Company Building Regulations standards ensuring CDM, QA and technical reviews are completed and signed off by the project leader. The detailed design shall include a review of the design intent drawings and carrying out calculations and coordination of services designs; Have an appreciation of sustainability and energy management strategies and incorporate requirements into project delivery. Further training will provided as required from members of our Sustainable Buildings Group. (SBG); Have an innovative and holistic approach to sustainability and building design; Organise and undertake technical calculations to industry standards in conjunction with team members; supervise the work of team members to ensure the delegated work is completed to deadlines / standard and report to the project leader any issues, risks or client changes. Visit sites as required to review construction in line with design intent, witness commissioning and testing and acceptance of completed installations, report and advise about noncompliance issues and risks; Deal with the day to day queries from site, ensuring that relevant information is available on time for construction activity; Contribute to and question technical and construction issues and encourage and help the trainees to better understand the design process; Have a good understanding of the building modelling software (IES) and process and be competent to construct models, undertake analysis and provide accurate feedback and complete manual checks; Carry out onsite surveys of existing services installations recording details of systems, equipment and general condition of installation. BUSINESS TEAM FUNCTIONS Flag up business development and additional fee opportunities to team leader. This will be limited at first, but all team members are encouraged to promote the business; Develop positive professional relationship with clients and design teams, communicating openly about project progress; Participate in team meetings, disseminate information within the team, and communicate with other teams in the Company; Demonstrate an awareness of project risk issues, flagging potential problems to team leader; Flag resourcing concerns to team leader and assist colleagues to ensure team timelines are met; Complete timesheet accurately ahead of weekly deadlines. REQUIREMENTS BSc, BEng or equivalent MCIBSE / MIET /CENG all preferred. Other qualifications will be taken into account together with experience; Strong experience working within a multidisciplinary rail MEP services environment. Interested applicants will be expected to complete and return by email a simple questionnaire to which CVs must be pasted. This role would ideally suit someone with an Armed Forces background. Applications from exmilitary candidates are strongly encouraged.