Title: Principal Development Engineer
Webindex: 68217589
Company: Shorterm Group
Description: Ideally you will be educated to MSc standard in a relevant discipline, along with a strong Technical or Engineering degree Main Duties/Responsibilities  The definition and design of products utilising electromagnetic, mechanical, electronic and software disciplines.  Maintain / Increase the efficiency of the development and test capability.  Help to produce technical bid proposals to support new business development.  Provide technical support the Business Development team for customer visits to help gain new business.  Assume the Principal Engineer role for all systems related projects such as electromechanical actuator products. This will require interpretation and application of comprehensive knowledge in systems engineering and its principles.  Produce engineering reports, proposals and plans etc. detailing technical work carried out.  Work effectively within multidisciplinary teams to support the New Product Introduction process.  Work within company procedures and contribute to the development, the objective being to maximise company efficiency whilst meeting all customer requirements.  Oversee Qualification Testing for Muirhead Aerospace.  As required conduct development engineering work for the Airtechnology Group. Other Responsibilities/Nonessential Functions  Undertake training that is identified as a requirement of the role as identified by the role Manager.  Undertake all other reasonable requests that are made by the role manager / acting manager or Directors.  At times of reduced department staff attendance there will be a need to be flexible and provide support outside of the normal tasks of the job to ensure customer satisfaction.  On occasion you maybe required to take on ad hoc duties which includes, but is not limited to training, department associated tasks and brief secondment to other departments. Limits of Fiscal/Management Authority  Sign off purchase orders in line with the financial guidelines  Not permitted to change Business Management/SOP processes, procedures and guidelines without formal approval but expected to make recommendations.  Not permitted to change terms and conditions of employees without the formal approval paperwork being completed. Standard Company Responsibilities  Take responsibility for understanding the Business Management System/SOP and how it is applied to the role.  Adhere to Health and Safety requirements at all times.  There is a responsibility on all employees to bring to the attention of their manager any issues that could potentially affect the business, regardless of how small they may seem at the time.  All duties within this job description should be carried out in line with any Company policies and procedures in place at the time and in line with any requirements set out in the Business Management System. If you think you have the relevant qualifications and industry experience, then please send a cover letter outlining your experience, along with an up to date CV to