Title: Architectural Technician  Environment
Webindex: 69041228
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Architectural Technician  Environment Reference no: Dorset **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: DT**** **** What s involved with this role: The Architectural Technician is responsible for providing professional technical assistance on architectural projects, according to qualification and experience and under guidance from more senior staff and to the satisfaction of the clients. You will work within the aims of the Division, making enthusiastic and innovative contributions to these aims and to the standards of architectural work undertaken by the Division. You will be required to promote the Division and its services through contacts with other Directorates and set an example of courteous and efficient dealings with them. Specific to this order: Required  a Senior Architectural Technologist who is independent and CAD proficient, experience of working on schools projects desirable. CRB clearance not required. If interviewed, you must bring with you your current portfolio. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also indicate that you are available to start work immediately/at short notice We cannot use information in covering letters, so your CV must work as a standalone document We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Minimum of 12 months recent architectural technical employment experience, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation Must have experience of AutoCAD GISArcView Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Environment/Construction Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are designated temporary, though in practice we find that the vast majority of them get extended on a multiple/long term basis. This one is expected to be for 3 months, initially. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited