Title: CDB contaminated
Webindex: 68546128
Company: Network RGB Ltd
Description: Job Title: contaminated land /Remediation Engineer Based in: kent Reports to: Senior Project Manager Job Purpose Summary To assist the Project Team in the investigation and remediation of potentially contaminated land and pollution incidents, to include the design monitoring and maintenance of mostly domestic remediation systems and long term monitoring of projects. Key Duties / Responsibilities  Prepare and assist in the design of treatment systems mainly for domestic oil spill in close liaison with Project Managers and the Engineering Department.  Assist with the onsite installation and commissioning/decommissioning of remediation/treatment systems to include ongoing liaison, monitoring and information sharing with the Engineering Team and Project Managers.  Advance troubleshooting of remediation/treatment systems to ensure effective running and prevent unnecessary down time.  Liaise with the Engineering Administrator for providing equipment specification and where necessary all purchasing of material for treatment and remediation systems.  General day to day running and coordination of projects. Duties include procurement of equipment, materials and sub contractors, execution of project health safety requirements, site supervision of contractors internal staff and onsite sampling monitoring.  Liaise with clients, landowners, regulators, contractors, drilling, engineering teams and/or any other stakeholders involved in project under the supervision of the Project Team.  Where necessary undertake phase II site investigations for contaminated sites and pollution incidents.  Carry out sampling in accordance with the proposal and soil logging activities according to current UK guidance and best practice.  Prepare and send samples to accredited laboratories for physical and chemical analysis.  Maintaining a level of responsibility and duty of care towards health safety as outlined in the Roles Responsibilities document (IMS Manual).  Preparation of remediation reports. Skills / Attributes  Practical knowledge of insitu remediation technologies such as SVE, MPE, air sparging, pump and Treat, chemical oxidation, in situ bioremediation and any other relevant remediation process. (In house training in their bespoke remediation unit will be provided).  Mechanical understanding of equipment/pumps/blower/compressor and process system layout/logic.  Knowledge of Autocad would be an advantage but training will be provided.  Good communication and listening skills.  Ability to communicate well at all levels to include effective team work.  Good organisation prioritisation skills.  An hands on attitude to work as the position will require extensive driving and presence on site which will also entail overnight stay away from home.  Attention to detail.  Knowledge of scientific equipment for monitoring purposes.  An understanding of current regulations guidance, drilling techniques. A full UK/EC driving license is essential.