Title: Mechanical Design Team Leader
Webindex: 67785172
Description: Our client develops and manufactures a range of advanced electrical machines, drive trains and generator sets for a range of applications with core competency in high torque electrical machines for automotive markets. Their ongoing research in materials technology, design and manufacturing has enabled the successful development of a new range of products, ideally suited for applications where high power and torque need to be balanced against low weight and volume. With significant support from a global automotive systems supplier and with advanced involvement with a number of OEM programs, they are in a unique position to industrialise their technology quickly and reap the benefits of their investment. Continual development is paramount to ensure they remain at the forefront of the market. Mechanical Design is a key part of their technology group and as such our client needs to appoint someone who can lead the Mechanical Design function. Responsible for the mechanical design team based in Surrey, primarily working on new designs and the design for manufacture of axial flux permanent magnet motor technology in the automotive sector. Helping to set up a stateof theart facility the role will include the mentoring of junior engineers and the development of computational analysis methods. There will also be the opportunity to lead and manage key projects and develop a wider responsibility within the business. Ideally must have experience of: Mechanical Design of electrical machines Stress, strain and structural calculations and the use of Finite Element Analysis Optimisation of fluid cooling systems using hand calculations and Computational Fluid Dynamics ProE CAD System experience Redesign of low volume concepts for high volume manufacture Producing models, assembly, subassembly and piece part drawings in accordance with BS**** Testing and validation of design concepts and the calibration of test results to simulated results Generation and maintenance of; BOM's, Engineering Change Request, Concessions, Reports, Drawing Borders and drawing packs Maintenance and management of the Product Data Management (PDM) system for the automating control of all engineering documents, workflows and procedures Structured project planning following Specifications, Feasibility, Detailed Design, Design Failure Modes Effect Analysis (DFMEA), Process Failure Modes Effect Analysis (PFMEA) and Gated Design Release The ideal individual will have experience within similar automotive electrical machine manufacturers serving the passenger car market. Other conventional rotating automotive product environments and other high torque electrical machine environments would also be relevant. Experience of thermal modeling and bearing analysis is important. Our client is one of the very few businesses within their market with a clear route to industrialisation and commercial success. It combines the resources of a major, highly respected, international manufacturer with unparalleled access to the major OEMs along with a developer of cutting edge, unique, proprietary technology able to make hybrid and electric cars more cost effective and competitive. The potential opportunity the company faces is significant and poses a challenge as well as great reward. Joining the business at this stage will provide a unique opportunity to be part of a growing and dynamic company and one of the first to market.