Title: Experienced Formulation Scientist
Webindex: 65865085
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction My client a Contract Research / Manufacturing Organisation based in Nottingham are looking for an experienced formulation scientist to join their growing team. The ideal candidate will be trained in Formulation Chemistry amp; have good knowledge of GMP. Important GMP experience amp; experience of validation The Job Main Duties: Take the formulation lead on Client projects ensuring that they are delivered to agreed Quality standards and meet Client specifications within agreed deadlines. Supervise the work of others on projects in order to ensure project delivery. Maintain a safe and clean work environment by complying with current good manufacturing practices (cGMP), and Molecular Profiles Quality System and the associated standard operating procedures. Generate GMP documentation inclusive of batch manufacturing records, cleaning records, SOPs, technical reports and validation documentation. Identify and source equipment. Conduct validation activities and as equipment owner maintain the validation status of equipment. Manufacture and pack clinical trial materials. Take the lead on the design and development of formulations and manufacturing processes. Ensure that all internal and Client project work conducted is documented to the required standard This includes the timely, complete and clear documentation of laboratory work in laboratory notebooks, back up of electronic data and the timely completion of all necessary project administration. Ensure that all laboratory work is conducted such that it stands up to external scientific or legal scrutiny. Ensure full communication of project tasks and timelines with stakeholders. Ensure that all work is conducted in a responsible and safe manner in accordance with Health and Safety policies and ensure that all Health and Safety considerations are appropriately documented. Maintain personnel training record at all times and proactively identify any training requirements for the job role. Technical Competencies: Minimum of a BSc and experience in a relevant technical area, or equivalent. Strong pharmaceutical manufacturing experience for a range of formulation types and processes, eg topicals, orals, inhalation products and size reduction. Experience in the development of a range of formulations and manufacturing processes. Project management skills Supervisory/management experience Excellent GMP knowledge and working practices. Core Competencies: Communication skills Problem Solving Teamwork Leadership Flexibility Responsiveness to internal and external Cleinets Planning and Organising Quality Focus Key relationships: Internal Formulation Department Quality Department Analytical Department Project Managers Directors External Clients Equipment Manufacturers and Suppliers Subcontractors To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK