Title: Senior Technician  Industrial Services
Webindex: 67771222
Description: SENIOR TECHNICIAN Shift  Continental Our client is a global FMCG company and a leading player in the UK and worldwide food manufacturing sector. With ever increasing investment into their UK sites they are now looking for a number of Technical Operator's to work within their Engineering Department. Reporting to the Industrial Services Manager, this role will involve working closely with the wider manufacturing team. The main purpose of the role will be to provide a safe, high quality and cost effective maintenance service, including preventative and breakdown maintenance. You'll drive focused improvements in asset performance & reliability using existing skills and experience, combined with continuous improvement tools and techniques, focusing on root cause analysis. You'll be responsible for ensuring that the parts required for operational and planned overhauls are added correctly to the stores stock and that the planned maintenance is delivered. Main responsibilities will include:  Lead the Industrial Services Shift Technician team and ensure compliance with internal and external regulations/legislation.  Ensuring factory standards including health & safety and quality.  Communicating effectively with shift managers and technical personnel in the department, on all shifts, through various communication systems such as written logs, work lists, diagnostic systems, meetings and the maintaining and management of technical documentation relating to the site.  To be proactive and responsive to plant operational demands reflecting business priorities.  To ensure continuous improvements are made within the Industrial Services Department  Support in site wide initiatives such as Globe AMM, NCE and capital projects as requested. You'll ideally be educated to ONC/HNC/HND/OND in Engineering or have the relevant equivalent experience plus a time served Apprenticeship in a relevant area. Dual trade skills and some supervisory experience will be preferable as a major element of this role includes involving, coaching and supporting the Engineering team. Good working knowledge of Industrial Services equipment (Boilers, steam, refrigeration, compressed air) is advantageous coupled with knowledge of Computerised Maintenance Management Systems (CMMS). You will need excellent communication, influencing and motivational skills to encourage people to get involved with initiatives, together with the ability to prioritise, plan and organise a team of engineers and operators. You'll have a logical fault finding approach to breakdowns and demonstrate a sense of urgency whilst never compromising safety or product quality. You'll have a proven history of fault finding & rectification experience of maintenance techniques and will be required to liaise with internal technical contacts, outside suppliers and specialists where necessary to meet group and individual objectives. PM Professional Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy