Title: Java Technical Consultant GBP****k  Birmingham
Webindex: 67946594
Company: Randstad
Description: Oracle Graduate Development Scheme  Java Technical Consultant Nationwide pound;**** basic,  performance related bonus REF: DD****B**** IT is the future. Be a part of it What You Do  Oracle Corporation is an American multinational computer technology corporation that specialises in developing and marketing hardware systems and enterprise software products  particularly database management systems. Currently increasing the size of their team they have a fantastic new opportunity for driven graduates to become one of their customer facing consultants. A career with Oracle will suit energetic and enthusiastic graduates whom will thrive from working within complex and rapidly evolving technologies, where they will be constantly challenged. You will have the opportunity to work at the front end of some of the world`s leading organisations that use Oracle technology, being a part of an organisation of smart and technicallyminded people. As Graduate Technical Consultant your main responsibilities will be to:  Act as a developer/consultant in delivery of leading edge solutions on behalf of our clientbase.  Support and, where necessary, drive technology adoption by clients.  Developing and maintaining an up to date knowledge of relevant Oracle products and services.  Work with customer representatives, both technical and nontechnical, to produce a solution that fulfils their requirements  Balance client`s demands with protecting Oracles commercial interests.  Work alongside Partner and other third party organisations.  Represent Oracle professionally on client sites.  Resolve or escalate client issues as appropriate.  Work closely with the account team and line management to exploit opportunities for cross and up selling  Share knowledge and best practice within the practice and across lines of business This is an exciting opportunity to join a three year graduate programme with Oracle, one of the worlds largest and leading technology companies The programme offers graduates with an aptitude for technology the rare chance to join an industry leader, developing a long lasting career, where progression is inevitable. To succeed within this role you will have a passion for technology. It is also essential that you have a 2.****or above and have studied or have an understanding of JAVA. What You Get   Highly competitive salary with performance related bonus  Fantastic progression opportunities  Full bespoke training and support  Mobile Phone  Laptop  Pension Do you have what we`re looking for?  Educated to degree level  2.1 or above  Essential  experience or understanding in one or more of the following technology areas: Java Development, PL/SQL, Web Technologies  Essential  Excellent verbal and written communication skills  Energetic and enthusiastic approach to technology, personal management and building customer relationships  The ability to assimilate, evaluate and solve problems in a structured way.  Willingness to travel as this is a key requirement of the role  Drive and ambition with the desire to succeed  Full, preferably clean, UK driving licence  useful but not essential Don`t miss out. Apply Now. Send us your application via the link quoting reference DD****B1.