Title: Electronic / Electrical Lab Leader / Manager
Webindex: 67630483
Description: Reporting to the Lab Leader for the direction and administration of a world class High Power Electrical Integration facility. This involves supporting the Laboratory Leader in continual assessment of the techniques in practice, working with embedded experts from other aerospace suppliers, policies, marketing image and overall efficiency of the site. The successful candidate will be charged with the day to day operational requirements of running the labs. Essential Responsibilities: • Supporting the Laboratory Leadership in a nocompromise approach to neat tidy equipment setup and continual follow up on maintaining pride in the workplace and strict adherence to laboratory rules and safe methods of working. • Ensure the integration facility maintains a wow factor promotes future business. Helping the Laboratory users to achieve both realistic and stretched goals and explaining in detail the methods of maintaining a first class marketing Image. Build Integration Capabilities. • Working with Project owners to develop the rigs in use and help set up the facilities and equipment thus enabling rapid installation and quick turnaround on projects • Ensures that the facility is constantly updated with the latest technological equipment and use the procurement system to assist the ordering of equipment on site within the budget allocated. Maintaining a record on these transactions and enabling accurate tracking on all spend. • Supporting the Labs in maintenance, calibration whereabouts of all equipment belonging to the laboratory. • Able to assist in the management of the departmental budget account for expenditure and ensure full utilisation of all equipment. Challenge existing Power Integration/Test Methodologies. • Forwardthinking; continually pushes challenges the integration test efficiency techniques; Exceptional proven problem solving skills able to communicate easily and get the buy in from all teams in the operational areas. Project Delivery. • Drive new projects at startup stage maximising equipment reuse, best practice and efficiency. Following through on equipment leading edge methods and productivity on new ways of working . Able to support the Leadership team in rapidly developing implementing efficient, world leading, laboratory operating/safety policies that complies with all appropriate regulations. As well as ensuring all people accessing the facility adhere to the working policies without exception. The Person • A positive attitude, initiative, proactiveness and a genuine interest experience in the testing integration of Large Scale Electrical Power systems. • Able to support the continuous demands of the projects on site with a willing can do attitude helping and assisting the project drivers to a significant degree supporting the end goals of a fast productive and technologically advanced team on site. • Good problem solving and solution building skills proven ability to contribute in a team environment • Able to react to immediate problems and make quick rational decisions. Qualifications/Requirements: Electrical Engineering Degree or equivalent from an accredited university or college or similar level of knowledge and experience. • Certificated to 17th Edition BS **** preferred but not essential. • A good understanding of diesel engine backup systems electrical motor drives UPS and electrical delivery systems experience would be an advantage. Desired Characteristics: HV qualified up to ****Kv preferred but not essential. IOSH or NEBOSH preferred but not essential. Benefits Include:  Pension Scheme.  Flexible Benefits  Relocation Package.  Global Opportunities  Good location and working environment.  Good opportunities for career development, regular reviews and career planning. Successful applicants will be required to undergo UK MOD security clearance prior to appointment.