Title: Buyer  6 month contract
Webindex: 72443018
Company: Skillframe Ltd.
Description: Purchasing department is responsible to ensure that the supply chain needs of the company are met. Working as part of a small team this person would be responsible for ensuring that the company selects the most appropriate goods and services on the basis of price, quality, delivery times and services support. The role would involve working on a range of projects across the company. Main responsibilities • liaising between suppliers, manufacturers, relevant internal departments and customers • developing market knowledge and contacts for new products and services • identifying potential suppliers • evaluating bids and making recommendations based on commercial and technical factors • negotiating and agreeing contracts and monitoring their progress • ensuring suppliers are aware of business objectives • processing payments and invoices • liaising with users and other relevant parties • checking costs, quality and levels of service • attending meetings and trade Shows • visiting suppliers • Evaluating suppliers • forecasting price trends and their impact on future activities; • keeping contract files and using them as reference for the future; • producing reports and statistics using computer software; Knowledge, Skills and Abilities • At lease 3 years experience in working in a manufacturing purchasing environment is desirable. • Excellent IT skills, specifically Outlook and ability to quickly learn and use packages such as SAP (SAP experience is desirable). • Automotive Experience is desirable. • Ability to read technical drawing is necessary. • CIPS qualified preferable. • Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing externally and internally. • Ability to work in a team as well as independently. • Organized, analytical and motivated and have at least a basic understanding of mathematics. The successful candidate would be required to undergo full UK Security Clearance. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Buyer****monthcontract_job****