Title: CNC Maintenance Technicians
Webindex: 68545299
Company: Enjoy Recruitment Group Ltd
Description: Maintenance Technician Progressive opportunity for a leading and expanding international business Location  Wolverhampton Salary  **** per annum plus shift allowance plus benefits Education  A recognised maintenance apprenticeship essential. Experience  Previous experience of engineering / manufacturing role ideally within aerospace The Maintenance technician will have primarily responsible for the maintenance, repair of all types of CNC machinery and manufacturing equipment, such that equipment will perform to original specifications. The role will involve movement, repositioning, leveling and alignment of machinery/manufacturing equipment, optimisation of machine tools by ensuring maximum machine uptime, preventative maintenance schedules, minor maintenance, and liason with machine operators, team leaders and production managers to provide schedules for planned maintenance. Using a high degree of analytical reasoning the incumbent is required to have a thorough knowledge of mechanical, pneumatic and electrical control circuits, electronic systems and the ability to read and interpret schematics, flow charts and logic diagrams for the purpose of formulating repair solutions. The Maintenance Technician will have a good understanding of machining/manufacturing principles and will be able to use appropriate precision measuring equipment eg, Micrometer, DTI, Optical measuring devices, multimeters, ball bars and other electronic test equipment. The Maintenance Technician will use their personal computer skills to support DNC interface, machine shop network, machine data collection, machine controls and parameters and use the internet to research repair procedures, manufacturer s specifications and identify replacement parts. We experience very high response rates to our vacancy advertisements. We do not however feel this is any excuse for not acknowledging your application and as part of our total candidate care initiative we will always endeavour to do so. If you have not heard from us **** working days from the date of your application please contact us for an explanation. Enjoy Technical acts as an employment agency and as an employment business as defined by the Employment Agencies and Employment Business Regulations **** Enjoy Technical is an equal opportunities employer and offers a free and confidential service to candidates.Enjoy Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.