Title: Sales Person / Business Development Person
Webindex: 70105550
Company: Lincoln Binns Ltd
Description: Sales Person / Business Development Person Cowfold, West Sussex Reports To: General Manager Purpose of Role: Generate new business and maximise the retention and profitability of the existing customer base, through the achievement of key targets. Salary Benefits: ******** basic O.T.E **** Principal Accountabilities  To ensure that the key financial target for each business activity and collectively, are exceeded.  Assist in the management of clients to maximise their retention through a structured account management and business planning process; demonstrating excellence in customer service and ensuring enduser delight.  Developing strong relationships with the principle decision maker and decision making units within prospects and clients, demonstrating a clear understanding of the hierarchy within, and the motives of each.  To play an enthusiastic, proactive and integral role within Lincoln Binns Ltd, toward the achievement of company goals.  To pursue and represent the company with the highest standards of performance, personal appearance, conduct and professionalism, both internally and externally. Key Activities  The maintenance of accurate and up to date records relating to each client, prospect and ongoing tender using ACT CRM.  The making of recommendations relating to products and pricing, through market intelligence.  The effective raising of accurate quotations and the management of those quotations.  To recommend improvements / enhancements to sales systems, tools and procedures.  To attend Sales Management Meetings, ensuring that any required preplanning and preparation is complete.  To provide, on a weekly basis, an activity report to the management team detailing all activities undertaken against agreed objectives.  To prospect for new opportunities, as directed. (including occasional cold calling)  To liaise effectively with internal colleagues, ensuring that any requested information is promptly and accurately supplied.  The monitoring and measuring of Key Performance Indicators.  The prompt and effective resolution of client complaints. Key Competencies  The ability to demonstrate a good knowledge of engineering  The ability to persuade and influence at Senior Management level, both internally and externally.  A sound understanding of the principles, and stages, of the negotiation process.  A clear understanding of the principles and practices of account management.  The ability to present and communicate in a professional and convincing manner.  The ability to effectively prepare and demonstrate a structured sales calls and associated quoting procedure.  The ability to plan and organise your sales priorities.  PC literate  Intermediate level or above  in Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint. Candidate Profile Personal Characteristics  Energetic, enthusiastic and likeable  Confident  A clear determination to succeed  Selfstarter  Naturally identifies business opportunities  Ability to control a conversation  Total commitment to the team and company  Open to and willing to learn new ideas  Loves the phone  Great listener Experience / Intellect  Experience of working successfully within an engineering sales environment, ideally in a B2B sales role for 2 years.  Demonstrable experience of managing clients.  Ability to demonstrate business development skills.  Commercially astute.  Fluent in English (social and commercial).