Title: Project Conception Engineer
Webindex: 68845692
Company: Thames Water
Description: Thames Water, is the UK s largest water company, supplying clean water and wastewater services Greater London, the Thames Valley, Surrey, Gloucestershire, Wiltshire, Kent and other parts of the United Kingdom. Thames Water supplies over a tonne of water a week to 9 million drinking water customers from over 100 water treatment works via a huge and extremely vast network of managed water mains across London and the Thames Valley. They recycle wastewater from 14 million people safely back to the environment totalling 2,600 million litres of water per day. The flow of projects is extremely diverse, with a range of multimillion contracts underway and due to start in the near future  exciting times indeed as the company continue on their path of developing and being the UK s frontrunner in the innovation and integration of new technology as well as offering a best in class service to its customers. As part of ongoing key projects, they are now looking to appoint a number of key personnel, including the role of Project Conception Engineer. Role Purpose: To assist with the asset integration for capital activities up to the value of c100m annually. You will provide the interface between internal stakeholders and contractors delivering major capital programmes or projects within the Contract Management Office. Responsible for facilitating the smooth delivery of capital activity into operational use, whilst at all times providing a positive stakeholder experience. Role Purpose The role aim is to undertake, manage and develop studies, creating solutions in response to study briefs and undertake development and management of the definition phase of typical water and wastewater treatment projects to allow procurement via our supply chain contractors. For procurement, the output will usually consist of a Project Brief comprising an input/output specification and a reference solution. The engineer may on occasion require guidance and support from more experienced Senior Engineers within the team. Furthermore, you will:  Complete design risk assessments, etc.  Maintain awareness of developments in own discipline and approaches to design and construction  Ensure that, at all times, projects/roles are undertaken with safety as the primary consideration.  Support the development of a Health and Safety culture within the team. Fulfil environmental and Health Safety statutory obligations The Scope of the role: You will be involved in the definition of Complex projects and Baseload projects from a minimum value of 0.5m up to 100m. What does the role involve: Working in a team of 14, the role involves working closely with Asset Management teams, Operations and external Consultants to investigate problems within water and wastewater plants and large pumping stations, providing costed recommendations for work to be carried out. In the study phase, the Project Definition Engineer s responsibility is to manage and engage the Consultant and report findings and progress back into the business by maintaining high levels of communication with stakeholders whilst managing budgets and programmes accordingly. The Suitable Candidate:  Candidates will ideally come from a water or wastewater industry background, although experience in vertical process environments will also be considered  i.e. chemical, solid liquid waste management.  An appreciation for process within the water/wastewater industry  Need to be able to produce written, commercially astute briefs to contractors in a clear and concise way for absolute clarity  High quality literacy and report writing skills  Experience of bid and tendering is highly desirable  any examples of investing time in the construction of a tender over a period of time is highly relevant to the role  Candidates may come from a range of disciplines within the sector, such as: Electrical Engineering, Process Engineering, Civil Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or equally candidates who have worked in a blend of those mentioned.  Degree qualified in a relevant engineering subject or with suitable qualification to compliment experience Contact Ben Pascall  **** **** ****