Title: Field Service Engineer Variable Speed Drives  National role
Webindex: 71357148
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Field Service Engineer Drives, Motors Automation National role Basic circa ****K Plus OTE Car, Smart Phone, Laptop, Pension other Benefits. Our client, an independent supplier of Automation products including Variable Speed Drives are looking to recruit a Field Service Engineer to cover the UK. Candidates should be experienced with mechanical, electrical and electronic systems such as industrial automation solutions from basic AC/DC Motors, Drives, inverters, servos, variable speed drives and Soft Starters and possibly some further PLC and other automation product experience. The Role This role requires applicants who are able to fault find on AC/DC Drives, Motors, PLC s, Inverters, Variable Speed Drives, Soft Starter. Involves the repair of these products either in the customers premises or back in our client s facilities, offering technical support, replacement under warranty. In addition the service engineer will be expected to maximise opportunity to sell additional product and service contracts. As well as service and repair you will also be involved in the commissioning of new equipment. The Person The ideal candidate must be able to demonstrate a strong engineering track record within either or all of these products Drives, VSD, Motors, PLC s , controls, variable speed drives, sensors, LV switch gear, terminals, push buttons, overload sensors, microswitches. Applicants working within this industry presently would be best suited to this role as would applicants looking to return to this market. Experience of working for or with large and small endusers or for other electronic/electrical service providers is the most important part of this role, as is the ability to work autonomously and under your own steam. A steady career history will aid to the credibility of the successful applicant s application, along with an apprenticeship and relevant electrical or engineering qualification. You will receive a package based on a circa ****K basic salary, company bonus, company car, Mobile Phone, Laptop and 25 days holiday and other benefits. For a confidential discussion apply for this position with you up to date CV today. To view more of our jobs click on the link at the top of this page or visit our website. We work across a range of business to business/B2B market sectors including Electrical, Control Automation, Pnuematics, Hydraulics, Fluid Power, Instrumentation, Engineering services companies, industrial consumables, industrial components, capital equipment, electronics, electrical, material handling, scientific equipment, petrochemical and press industries/utilities. Rise Executive Search Recruitment Ltd are currently working on a wide range of business to business/B2B sales positions, account management, business development and sales management roles including: Sales Manager, UK Sales Manager, National Sales Manager, Country Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Area Sales Manager, Sales Executive, Senior Sales Executive, National Account Manager, Business Development Manager, Key Account Manager, Account Executive, National Account Executive, Sales Specialist, Global Account Manager, Sales Representative, Territory Sales, Field Sales, Client Relationship Manager, Sales Engineer, Sales Consultant, Technical Sales, Senior Sales Engineer, Export Sales, International Sales, European Sales, Branch Manager, Sales Director, Trainee Sales, Graduate Sales, Telesales, Internal Sales, Office Sale