Title: Bid Manager  Construction  West Midlands
Webindex: 72427763
Company: Project Resource Professional Recruitment
Description: Bid Manager  Construction  West Midlands This is a fantastic new opportunity for a Bid Manager to work with reputable main contractor, who have an exceptional reputation within the industry with their clients and employees a like. Due to further business success they are now looking to increase their resources, one aspect being to further develop their preconstruction / bid team with the appointment of a self sufficient Bid Manager to work in the general build sector based from their office in the West Midlands. The Role As Bid Manager you act as a lead for the bid team, to ensure that the bid is prepared in accordance with an agreed timetable and that it is complete and addresses in the Contractor s Proposals, the issues raised in the Employer s Requirements. Requirements: To be considered for this Bid Manager post you must meet the following criteria: Previous work history for a Main Contractor. Previous work in a bid management role. Preferably a Design Management or Engineering background. Experience working on main stream construction projects such as Education, Healthcare, Prisons, Commercial, Leisure, Industrial or MOD assets. (Their workload in the Residential Sector is very limited and hence such project experience is not of interest for this vacancy). Good attention to detail and working design, ensuring initial design can be adapted to meet onsite conditions. Excellent written and communication skills. A proactive attitude to business to drive the company further. Team leadership qualities. Remuneration The successful Bid Manager will receive: ****  **** Basic (Dependent on experience) Company Car Healthcare Pension Apply now for further details. Tom Buffery. Ref: **** (Keywords: design coordinator bid manager bid bid coordinator bid coordinator bid management design coordinator design manager design management design coordination design design and build d build construction civil industrial commercial prisons education health leisure hotels sports MOD ) Services advertised by Project Resource Ltd are those of an agency and/or an employment business please note that Project Resource offer a referral fee for any candidate(s) you recommend to us that we place in a job. If this role is not of interest / relevant for you then please pass it on to others you know who may be interested