Title: Principal Power Systems Analyst/ Power Systems Engineer/ Pow
Webindex: 71685200
Company: General ATA Posting
Description: PRINCIPAL POWER SYSTEMS ANALYST/ PRINCIPAL POWER SYSTEMS ENGINEER/ POWER SYSTEMS CONSULTANT MANCHESTER ****K  PENSIONBONUS HEALTHCARE Are you looking for a new position that provides plenty of challenges? Do you crave training and development? All within an expanding company with extensive growth plans in Renewable Energy? The Company The company specialises in Power System Analysis, Supplying consultancy services for the Power and Energy industry. They concentrate on electrical design power System modelling for Transmission and Distribution, Power Stations and Wind Farms on the Electrical Grid. Due to securing of large contracts and continued investment in a long term strategy for expansion which includes growth of the business in Europe, Middle East and Africa has lead to the creation of this crucial role as Principal Power System Consultant. The Role As a Power Systems Analyst Engineer you will providing power system studies supporting primarily the Wind Energy Industry, wind projects and installation teams,  Conducting feasibility studies,  Providing professional technical reports and presentation of your results.  You will be working on a number of projects in small groups, answering and liaising with client via face to face, telephone or email.  Development of client portfolio  Supervising and organising small project teams.  Extensive training is provided on a range of subjects such as Analysis Software and Techniques, and the company will even put you through some Msc modules. The Person The ideal candidate will likely have:  Degree in Electrical Engineering or Electrical Power Systems.  4 years experience in Power System analysis and power system Studies.  2 years in Supervising and organising small teams as a senior member of staff  Extensive knowledge of Digsilent, Powerfactory, PSSE, PSCAD, . In the future as you prove yourself in this role, there exist a succession planning strategy for someone to progress to Technical/ Business development Director. With annual appraisals and structured progression this is a opportunity not to be missed. So if you are a career focused Power System Principal Engineer who is looking for a challenging and rewarding role with prospects to match then apply now. Alternative Job Titles: Power Systems Analyst Engineer, Analyst Engineer, Power Analyst, Power Systems Engineer, Power Systems Analyst, Wind Farm Analyst, Analyst Engineer, Wind Farm Analyst Engineer, Power Systems Analyst Engineer, Power Data Analyst, Data Engineer, Analyst Engineer, Wind Farm Analyst, Power Systems Data Engineer, Power Data Engineer, Wind Farm Analyst Engineer, Power Systems Analyst Engineer, Analyst Engineer, Engineer. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this position If you are looking for an exciting career opportunity, Please forward your CV s to Nicola Morgan on nicola.morganatarecruitment.co.uk or contact on **** ****