Title: CAD Draughtsperson / Designer  Honiton, Devon
Webindex: 71553691
Company: Additional Resources
Description: CAD Draughtsperson / Designer  Honiton, Devon   ****   **** dependant on experience  Monday to Friday. My Client has an excellent, personable team of experts that will develop your, or your architect or designer’s ideas from an early stage. They can help with suggestions on materials and give examples of how they will look and feel, and which will work best for your project. On larger commissions they have the proven ability to deliver to the highest specifications, from initial surveying and design to 3D modelling, drawing, build and fitting. And after completion of any job, either in the UK or overseas, they follow it up as they are committed to making sure that you, the client are completely satisfied with their work. All of this is achieved with a critical eye to detail and the finer points of the finish, consistently going well beyond their customer’s expectations. The main responsibilities for this role : CAD Draughtsperson / Designer ( SolidWorks, AutoCAD, Bespoke Furniture Making ) Vacancy for a CAD Draughtsperson / Designer at a Bespoke Furniture Makers of Payhembury, Nr Honiton. The company designs and makes high quality bespoke furniture and joinery. This is a job for a skilled, experienced individual who enjoys working to high standards. Applicants should have experience of SolidWorks & Auto CAD in the preparation of presentation and working drawings. This will involve the development of design intent at the beginning of a project and the briefing of makers once a drawing is approved. The ability to communicate clearly is essential and previous experience working professionally as a furniture maker is highly desirable. Skills required for this role  CAD Draughtsperson / Designer ( SolidWorks, AutoCAD, Bespoke Furniture Making ) Prior to applying for this opportunity, please ensure your CV details all your relevant experience relevant to CAD Draughtsperson / Designer ( SolidWorks, AutoCAD, Bespoke Furniture Making ) Additional Resources are an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses Regulations ****ey Skills  CAD Draughtsperson / Designer ( SolidWorks, AutoCAD, Bespoke Furniture Making )