Title: IC Packaging Engineer
Webindex: 70099814
Company: Redline Group
Description: My client, a renowned Electronics/ Semiconductor Design and Development company, are currently seeking an IC Packaging Engineer to join their successful Mixed Signal Division based in Maidenhead, UK. The successful IC Packaging Engineer will be part of a highly dedicated team responsible for the development of a diverse range of leading edge products. Stimulate your mind in a challenging design environment and be involved from project conception to volume manufacture in the design of high performance standard products and ASICS. Responsibilities/Tasks: In the IC Packaging Engineer position you will design, layout and perform signal integrity analysis to deliver bandwidths of over ****GHz across chip, package and PCB as well as Power Integrity for large gate count, high power requirements. •Performing ICPKGPCB codesign by defining silicon IO, Package and PCB requirements to ensure robust electrical performance. •Perform layout of multilayer BGAs using Cadence Allegro tools •Perform EM modelling of IC, Package and PCB using state of the art simulation software (Ansoft HFSS, SiWave, Q****D,TPA) •Support Test engineers to perform laboratory measurements and correlation with simulations. •Develop methodologies to improve design and simulation flows as well as investigating latest EDA software. Requirements: •Qualified to at least degree level in Electronics or related disciplines •Proven experience of signal integrity on package or high frequency PCBs •Experienced user of Cadence Allegro design tools •Good knowledge and understanding of signal and power integrity issues for high speed interfaces and mixedsignal devices. •Experience in the use of EM modelling tools (i.E. Ansoft HFSS, SiWave, Q****D etc.) •Spice simulations and modelling •Ability to work with multiple teams including Test, IC design, Apps and Marketing as well as interfacing with colleagues in Japan •Good understanding of package development flows and technologies (e.G. Wirebond, Flipchip, SiP etc) •Must be eligible to work the E.U. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a company that is not only financially stable but also globally renowned for developing the next generation of electronics. To apply for the IC Packaging Engineer position based in Maidenhead please send an up to date CV to JBeanRedlineGroup.Com or call Jabe Bean on [blocked] quoting reference number JAB ****/****