Title: Technical Energy Manager
Webindex: 71678215
Company: Green Recruitment Company
Description: Technical Energy Manager Salary: up to ****K depending on experience Location: Home Based with travel between Birmingham and Manchester Job Type: Permanent Consultant: Tim Hall Ref: TEM7 The Company The Green Recruitment Company are currently working alongside a leading International Services Provider who are currently recruiting for a Technical Energy Manager to join their expanding team. The Role The Technical Energy Manager plays a leading role in the projects our client delivers. The roleholder reports to the Service Delivery Manager and will be home based with a remit to visit customers and third party delivery partners between Birmingham and Manchester. The Technical Energy Manager will be expected to provide advice on energy management to expert and nonexpert end users and decision makers, including financial specialists. The Technical Energy Manager will conduct energy surveys and audits, produce reports, develop technical and commercial proposals in collaboration with the proposals team, ensure compliance with health and safety regulations (including the duties of designer under the CDM Regulations) and demonstrate the achievement of savings through a recognised methodology (e.g. IPMVP). Principal Accountabilities Conduct energy site surveys, audits and desk studies for our B2B customers resulting in the identification of savings opportunities. Feasibility studies, including cost planning and project/programme management Develop Outline and Full business cases leading to technical/commercial proposals. Present business cases to facilitate investment decisions amongst key decision makers and senior stakeholders, both internal and external. Develop and Plan and manage low to medium value projects ( Manage the activities of our clients supply chain partners (technology providers, contractors, consulting companies, etc) employed to deliver services on our behalf. Prove energy savings through industry recognised methodology (e.g. IPMVP) Manage customer relationships and expectations in order to deliver exceptional levels of customer service Analyse and report on trends and developments in energy efficiency techniques and technologies Support commercial teams with the development of innovative forms of financing energy efficiency projects. Skills and Qualifications Required  A good engineering degree  Membership of a recognised professional institution (e.g. CIBSE)  Experience in the areas of Energy Management and Project Management  Proficient in MS Excel particularly for modelling the energy, GHG emissions (tCO2e) and financial implications of alternative scenarios and sensitivity testing  Proficient in MS Project for planning and Project/Programme management  Knowledge of health and safety regulations governing electrical and mechanical systems and construction  Experience of working with B2B organisations in either the private or public sectors  A good understanding of the B2B energy services markets Preferred  Proficient in CAD (AutoCAD)  Proficient in a recognised Dynamic Thermal Simulation software package (e.g. IES Virtual Environment, HEVACOMP, TAS, etc.)  Qualified Energy Assessor (e.g. CIBSE Low Carbon Consultant) to produce EPCs and DECs  Qualified Project manager (e.g. PRINCE2 or APM)  Working knowledge of ISO5****001 and the RIBA Work Stages (or ACE equivalent) The Green Recruitment Company is an Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. To apply for this role please contact us at: Tim Hall timgreenrecruitmentcompany.com or **** (0) **** **** **** www.greenrecruitmentcompany.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalEnergyManager_job****