Title: Engineer (Highways Design)  Environment and Community Services
Webindex: 62009028
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Engineer (Highways Design)  Environment and Community Services Reference no: S Gloucestershire **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: BS**** **** What s involved with this role: To participate in the activities of a Team undertaking a programme of work involving traffic management, road safety, and minor highway improvements. Accountabilities include: To provide assistance in the programming and supervision of the work of a team of Technical Staff. Design and implement traffic management and road safety schemes and associated Traffic Regulation Orders, including temporary arrangements for all road users. Prepare and supervise the preparation of Specifications, Drawings, Calculations and Contract Documents using computer techniques where appropriate. Advise on highway and traffic management scheme design and implementation, as required, and provide input to Local Plans, Development Briefs, Developer proposals and other plans and schemes. Liaise with the Police, Parish Councils, other organisations and bodies and within the Council as required. Check and comment on NRSWA notices from a traffic management and road safety aspect. Promotion and development of strategies relating to cycling, walking, accessibility, Park and Ride, traffic calming and community safety. Specific to this order: Required  someone who can progress schemes with an element of vertical design. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are available to start work immediately OR at short notice. We cannot use information in covering letters, so your CV must work as a standalone document We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Educated to Degree standard or equivalent Chartered Membership of an appropriate Institution with a minimum of 4 years relevant experience OR Incorporated Membership of an appropriate Institution with a minimum of 8 years relevant experience Experience of highway/traffic management scheme design and implementation, including preparation of drawings, calculations, specifications, contract documents and scheme cost estimates GIS and CAD (Computer Aided Design) experience Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Experience of Traffic Management and Road Safety engineering work. Experience of site supervision. Experience of public consultation on highway/traffic schemes. Experience of preparing publicity material Knowledge of the Highways Act Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Environment and Community Services/Highways Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are designated temporary, though in practice we find that the vast majority of them get extended on a multiple/long term basis. This one is expected to be for 12 months, initially. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited