Title: Management Information Reporting Advisor
Webindex: 67946649
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview The Carillion ICT function is responsible for planning, coordinating and delivering technology and information related strategy, products, projects, services and support to ensure that the ICT solutions required by Carillion s Business Units: deliver optimum value to the Business Units and its Customers by supporting improvements in operational efficiency and intelligence support the work winning agenda from tender to mobilisation support day to day business activity and delivery are serviced, maintained and developed in line with Business Unit strategy, growth and technical performance expectations and; are compliant with all relevant legislation, policy and contractual requirements This is to be achieved in line with the core strategy and purpose of the ICT function, which is to embrace technology to deliver lowest overall cost solutions for ourselves and for our clients Purpose of Role You will be working with the Clinicenta healthcare business to develop Business Intelligence Solutions. This includes: Developing new reports and dashboards using SQL Server and SSRS 2005 based on data from Patient Administration Systems. Supporting and maintaining existing reports. Working with users at all levels to understand and document requirements. Working with Developers and Architects to enhance data warehouse models. Ensuring compliance with NHS data dictionary standards. Working with ICT to ensure successful project delivery: Estimating effort, Change Management and Deployments. Working with the ICT teams to contribute to the ongoing improvement and technical advancement of BI solutions. Key Objectives of the Role You will be applying the following skills: Report / Dashboard design and development using SSRS 2005 / ****R2. Query and stored procedure development using SQL Server 2005 TSQL. Business and systems analysis to understand user requirements and technical specifications. Quality Assurance, Technical documentation, Testing and peer reviews within the team. Troubleshooting and systems analysis to provide support for existing solutions. Work in a NHS environment particularly with experience of Proxima PAS will be an advantage. Job Level Overview Subject to managerial direction, the Job Holder will generally be subject to broad practices and procedures that are covered by functional/business precedents and policies. The job holder will generally be at least part professionally qualified and will probably possess some specialised knowledge/skills gained through on the job experience. The Job Holder s performance will have either a very small impact on plc performance, or a small impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Accountable for specific areas of responsibility and deliverables and manages the associated risks Delivers activities to support operational objectives for their specific contract, project or specialism Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 6 months to one year Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines Interacts with client or users around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Manages the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility Focus of work is predominantly against defined targets but performs a range of tasks from complex to straightforward Financial Accountabilities Typically manages cost centre budget (first line budgetary accountability) Identifies ways to reduce cost and improve service Manages variable costs (e.g. overtime and agency costs) People Accountabilities For a small contract, section of contract or single disciplinary teams: Typically first line manager with overall people responsibility Optimises performance Undertakes performance reviews and provides training and reward recommendations Responsible for implementing disciplinary actions up to final warning Knowledge and Applied Skills Thorough working knowledge of one functional area through significant job experience amp; training Experience of supporting a business contract and/or providing support to a professional function Likely to have 5 years business experience and/or be a fully qualified professional with minimum of 2 years PQE with Intermediate Level Qualifications. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information Specific Qualification Information: Appropriate technical qualification to deliver key job role in the areas of Requirements Gathering and Data Analysis; A good understanding of report writing techniques based on SQL Server Reporting Services; Skilled with both MS and Oracle databases; Capable of developing reports using a broad range of reporting techniques; Experience of writing operational reports based on established systems data repositories. Report Tools Experience (admin and report generation). Experience of working in an NHS / Healthcare informatics environment desirable but not essential. To contribute to and help maintain data quality across IM amp;T systems. Assist with maintaining the organisation s Information Security, Governance and Management policies amp; procedures. To liaise with the management and operational teams to assist with data quality, effective record keeping and audit the data arising from their activities in support of information and performance reporting. Clinicenta Business Overview: Clinicenta is an independent healthcare provider that is part of Carillion Plc working with the NHS to increase access, raise service standards for patients and reduce waiting times. Clinicenta is 100% owned subsidiary of Carillion plc specialising in the development and provision of patient services through Independent Sector Patient Services. Clinicenta provides a combination of independent sector, NHS and clinical expertise with an international track record of success of positive clinical outcomes.