Title: Electrical and Overhead Line & Cable Construction Manager
Webindex: 69166210
Company: Spectrum
Description: Electrical and Overhead Line Cable Construction Manager. Main Purpose of Job: To support the delivery of the Civil, Electrical or Overhead Line Cable construction works for major electrical transmission projects to IEC safety, quality and environmental standards whilst ensuring financial and programme targets are met. Projects could vary from new build, replacement, refurbishment or other associated transmission projects. Supporting the Construction Manager in planning, management of and monitoring the construction activities including aspects such as site mobilisation, safety coordination across all Contractors, safety performance measurement and monitoring, leading the relevant site staff and delivering the works to the agreed scope. Managing the contractors, material and conditions of contract. Accountabilities: Support the Construction Manager in implementing the IEC Safety Management System. Comply with all relevant legislation with a particular focus on CDM and the role of the Principal Contractor/Contractor. Assist in the preparation of relevant safety documentation. Functional activities may include conducting necessary site inductions, delivery of pertinent safety communications at site, participating in safety leadership tours, incident management and reporting and Safety Observation Reporting. Review of Contractor pretask planning documentation including method statements risk assessments to facilitate daily site checks to ensure activities are being carried out safely.  Manage and deliver Civil, Electrical or Overhead Line Cable site works in accordance with client specifications, British Standards, Euro Codes and other industry standards.  Manage and deliver site works to meet commercial conditions of contract including minimising delays and claims for variations. Collate and provide monthly reports including early warnings and variations.  Coordinate the site activities of the project (for relevant discipline area) in accordance with contractor’s scope of work.  Act as the main site point of contact for your discipline area. Organise and supervise contractors, plan and chair site meetings, complete site quality, safety and environmental inspections. Deal with and resolve disputes whether they are technical, financial or other.  Minimise variations and manage the variation process. Review contractor measures, applications for payment and confirm accuracy.  Prepare and provide site works progress reports related to your discipline area on a regular and adhoc basis  Ability to work with a high degree of autonomy and in a team consisting of Project Management, Design, Commercial, Civil, Electrical, Overhead Line Cable, Safety, Quality and Environmental staff whilst monitoring contractor activities  Provide technical support, advice and instruction (related to your discipline area) to various contractors and others onsite.  Deliver site works in accordance with our clients, Quality and Environmental processes and procedures. Minimise nonconformances or resolve within specified timescales. Dimensions:  Site management associates with transmission major projects  Coordination and monitoring all contractor staff (related to your discipline) onsite. Numbers could vary **** to ****0 staff depending on work activities.  Ability to work with a high degree of autonomy and as part of a multidisciplinary team  Provide support, coaching and technical advice. Skills, Knowledge Experience:  Significant experience in managing transmission project site construction in either a Civil, Electrical or Overhead Line and Cable discipline.  Contract management including variations and claims.  Awareness of FIDIC and NEC conditions of contract.  Ability to implement quality assurance and environmental processes  Good working knowledge Knowledge of Health and Safety legislation in your relevant discipline area related to transmission construction projects  PC knowledge of Microsoft applications  Knowledge of specification, design, maintenance, construction and commissioning of either civil, electrical or overhead line and cable works  Awareness of regulatory issues impacting the business  Proven ability to lead and work in a team and contractors environment  Good influencing management communication skills  Awareness of CDM Regulations with a good understanding This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectricalandOverheadLineCableConstructionManager_job****