Title: Field Service Engineer x2, Medical Laboratory Incubators & Centrifuges
Webindex: 69806717
Company: TRS Consulting
Description: Field Service Engineer x2 (Medical / Laboratory Systems – Incubators or Centrifuges) ****K  ****K  Bonus  Commission  Overtime  Car  Pension  Healthcare  Excellent Package  Full and Comprehensive Product Training Location: South East The Company  Field Service Engineer x2 (Medical / Laboratory Systems – Incubators or Centrifuges My client is a well established supplier of specialist medical and laboratory equipment. This instantly recognisable market leader is renowned for their forwardthinking products, support services and complete solutions that range from systems used within the healthcare, life sciences, pharmaceutical and industrial market sectors. They are a market leader in a number of equipment technologies and enjoy 'best in class' status with a number of their innovative systems. The Roles  Field Service Engineer x2 (Medical / Laboratory Systems – Incubators or Centrifuges) Following expansion, they seek to recruit two customer focused Field Service Engineers, responsible for the service, installation, repair and general maintenance of their range of highly advanced medical and laboratory systems – centrifuges or incubators. The successful applicants will need to reside in one of the following locations: South East: Hertfordshire, London, Middlesex, Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, Bedfordshire, Hampshire, Surrey or Essex. Your Background  Field Service Engineer x2 (Medical / Laboratory Systems – Incubators or Centrifuges) To apply you must be able to demonstrate a background working as a Field Service Engineer in the Medical, Laboratory, Scientific or Pharmaceutical device sector and must also have previous experience of working on incubators or centrifuges. Of equal importance is your ability to communicate effectively at all levels with external customers and internal departments. Applicants will preferably hold an engineering qualification, gained within either an Electrical, Electronic or Mechanical discipline. The Benefits  Field Service Engineer x2 (Medical / Laboratory Systems – Incubators or Centrifuges) In return, the successful applicants will benefit from first class product training, recognised by the industry, which will run on an ongoing basis as new products are introduced. A generous remuneration package is also guaranteed, including competitive salary up to ****K, bonus, commission payments on equipment and contract sales, overtime, company car and benefits including pension, private medical cover, life insurance, laptop and mobile phone, along with the opportunity to progress your career within a market leading organisation. For this and many other of the best engineering opportunities across all medical and laboratory equipment modalities, please forward your CV to the contact below: tom.coombetrsconsulting.co.uk. This vacancy is being advertised by TRS Consulting (UK) Limited. The services advertised by TRS Consulting (UK) Limited are those of an employment agency and / or an employment business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldServiceEngineerx2MedicalLaboratoryIncubatorsCentrifuges_job****