Title: Quality Control Engineer
Webindex: 56294014
Company: JOBG8
Description: Job Title: Quality Control Engineer Client: Defence/Engineering Manufacturer Job Type: Permanent Location: Essex Salary: **** per annum PURPOSE OF THE ROLE Our client is looking to recruit a new Quality Control Engineer for a permanent role based at it's head office in Chelmsford. As a Quality Control Engineer you will be responsible for the quality development, continuous improvement and internal auditing of CCD Imaging Group. This will be achieved by working closely with the various departments to build and maintain process control and the House of Quality. The primary tasks of this role are: The Quality Control Engineer will be responsible for; Drive and maintain quality control for products/projects. Drive and demonstrate process capability and control for people, equipment & procedures. Lead and train personnel in new processes and how to maintain control. Responsible for developing and maintaining Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) for the group and driving year on year quality improvements to meet performance targets Work closely with individuals to assist where required in Improvement initiatives. To assimilate knowledge of accept and reject criteria to ensure that customer visits proceed with all due process and assurance. Host/marshal customer inspection visits and pre DRBs. Support the group with Permits & Concessions. SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Experience of High value low volume manufacturing. Experience of Semiconductor packaging technologies would be advantageous but not essential. Strong Interpersonal skills with a demonstrated ability to drive improvement activities. **** sigma or lean knowledge would be advantageous. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK If you would like to be considered for the role, please do not hesitate to contact me by emailing Daniel Stephens or calling for further information on the above position or 'Apply Online'. We grow our business by referrals  do you know anyone I could help today? Please visit our website.