Title: Multiple Software Engineering Related Career Opportunities
Webindex: 69250045
Company: Electus Recruitment Solutions
Description: Multiple Software Engineering Related Career Opportunities Are you looking to join a worldleading organisation in the defence sector that will challenge and develop your technical capabilities, and offer you the chance to work in developing, cuttingedge technologies?Our client is a leading multinational Defence systems provider which boasts some of most advanced facilities in their areas of expertise. At present the company employs well in excess of **** staff worldwide and continues to grow in parallel with the demand for their highly regarded services. We currently have a number of varied Software Engineers opportunities available in Stevenage or Bristol (depending on skillset). With a variety of positions available around the software engineering domain, we d be keen to hear from candidates with capabilities in one or more of the following:  To undertake a full range of engineering activities in line with project requirements to achieving relevant processes and quality., and the ability to offer specialist advice and support across projects, and with the customer.  To manage and lead packages of software related work, ensuring objectives are achieved and maintaining quality and high performance of staff  To act as the specialist technical lead and initial point of contact to projects at national level (including some with International involvement) covering aspects of software dependability (including safety, security, reliability), functional interaction with other skill areas and developing software capabilities, and to champion the achievement of software dependability.  To provide expertise in safety related software Successful candidates will offer proven competencies/skills in many of the following areas:  Degree qualified or equivalent (computing, software, or mathematics/science related)  Extensive software development experience within a commercial setting  Knowledge of the tools and methods required to develop high integrity defence related products, e.g. SysML, UML, Rhapsody, C++/C/Ada, requirements management (DOORS), configuration management  Sound knowledge of software processes, engineering and quality standards.  Good experience and good understanding of full life cycle issues and developing complex systems  Experienced and proficient in project management principles ability to manage conflicting priorities  Managerial leadership capability performance management, objective setting, developing others.  Understands implements engineering best practice and quality requirements processes  Knowledge and expertise in dependability engineering  Good communication and interpersonal skills  Willingness for transversal knowledge exploitation  To have a good understanding of the development of a SafetyRelated functions  To be familiar with the processes of developing SafetyRelated Software and the associated standards  Problem solving and strategic thinking  Commercial financial awareness  Provide help and support to less experienced members of the team. Please Note: Due to the nature of work undertaken at our client s site, incumbents of these positions are required to meet special nationality rules and therefore these vacancies are only open to sole British Citizens. Applicants who meet this criteria will also be required to undergo security clearance vetting, if not already security cleared to a minimum SC level. Flexibility for some travel (both UK and internationally) will be required within the role. If you are a good match then please apply with a CV to learn more about this truly fantastic opportunity to work for a market leader who has an enviable reputation. Key Words: Software Engineer, Defence, C++, Ada, SysML, UML, DOORS, requirements management, configuration management Electus Recruitment Solutions provides specialist engineering and technical recruitment solutions to a number of high technology industries. We thank you for your interest in this vacancy. If you don t hear from us within **** working days please presume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. You are of course free to resubmit your CV/details in the future and we shall assess your suitability at that time. Services advertised by Electus Recruitment Solutions are those of an Agency (perm). These roles are permanent positionsElectus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.