Title: Shiplift Manager
Webindex: 69868209
Company: Minstrell Recruitment LTD
Description: Job Description We have an opportunity to join our clients team working within our Nuclear Operations function managing the Shiplift Maintenance Control Office (Maintrol) at HM Naval Base Clyde. Responsibilities Specific areas of focus will be ensuring all work activity across the Facility is coordinated, controlled and conducted in a safe manner. This position will also include the responsibility for manpower coordination for docking and berthing operations. Qualifications Requirements We are looking for a candidate who can demonstrate a detailed knowledge of docking / berthing systems and equipment and who is qualified to HNC level or equivalent in a relevant discipline. Specific areas of competency we require you to demonstrate are as follows:  Extensive knowledge of the Shiplift Facility and associated systems and equipment.  Full grasp of docking and berthing operations, providing leadership and guidance to others.  Fully conversant with rules and procedures associated with managing Nuclear facilities.  Comprehensive understanding Nuclear Safety and Safety Cases.  Knowledge and experience of Assets and Maintenance Management Systems.  Experience in developing and managing projects.  Leadership and change management capabilities.  The ability to influence and successfully negotiate with others. Security This role is subject to Ministry of Defence security requirements. For further details, feel free to contact our recruitment team. Description of Location This role is based at HMNB Clyde, located at Faslane, **** miles north of Helensburgh in the West of Scotland. We are well placed for commuter links to Glasgow and the wider region, with easy access for car and public transport. We also offer employees an assisted travel scheme from selected locations including Glasgow, Inverclyde and West Dunbartonshire. Company Information For over a century our client has been a name synonymous with ultrareliable engineering excellence. Our Marine and Technology Division employ over **** highly skilled people and is the UK s leading naval support business. Drawing on an unmatched range of engineering and technical skills, we provide throughlife services and deep maintenance to the Royal Navy s major warships, nuclearpowered submarines and naval bases.