Title: System Designer, Sonar
Webindex: 71685366
Company: Grosvenor House
Description: Job Title : System Designer, Sonar Location: Winfrith, Dorset Salary: ****K  ****K Background My client is working on UK and export market opportunities that require the development of sonars based upon new acoustic arrays. The applications are for active and passive sonar, and include hullmounted and towed systems. In the UK in particular there are several opportunities to see the technology that has been developed in the research programme come to fruition as inservice sonars on V and A class, and eventually Successor. Work is already ongoing with the MOD in all these areas and is expected to continue into the future. To ensure that my client makes the most of these opportunities, Submarine Systems Division needs a System Designer with expertise in submarine sonar acoustics, which will complement the existing system design expertise in the Division. Knowledge, skills and personal qualities required The candidate will have knowledge of inwater acoustic propagation and both spatial and temporal signal processing to enhance signal to noise ratio, and thus understand how to transform an acoustic array into a sonar. In addition the candidate will be familiar with the system design process, and understand the compromises that can be made in array design and signal processing to be successful. The candidate will need to be a clear and convincing communicator, who can earn the trust of the customer and the support of colleagues. Familiarity with the UK stakeholders would be highly desirable. Experience of submarinerelated export contracts is also highly desirable. A System Designer can expect to be working on projects through the product lifecycle, from concept through assessment and demonstration to acceptance and inservice support. He/she will have experience of or demonstrate potential capability in directing research, writing proposals, negotiating with subcontractors, deconstructing system requirements, understanding acceptance procedures, designing new systems or modifying existing systems. The post provides an excellent career development opportunity for a less experienced but accomplished candidate with good future potential. Behavioural requirements  Excellent communication skills  Good leadership potential  Team player  Negotiation skills  Customer relationship management Please contact Liam King at AKTON Recruitment on **** **** **** or email me at lkingaktonrecruitment.com