Title: Production Zone Leader
Webindex: 56292555
Company: JOBG8
Description: Are you a Production Engineer/Leader looking for a new challenge? Are you interested in working in a fastpaced manufacturing environment? Do you have strong motivational and leadership skills? If so read on as this could be the ideal role for you The client I am representing is looking for a Production Zone Leader to join their team due to sustained growth and the winning of new contracts. The company is a major 1st tier automotive supplier and is looking for a Production Zone Leader to provide focus and leadership for the production shift as well as processing parts that are acceptable to customer specification in the required time to meet the customer schedule requirements. The responsibilities of the role are;  Report to the Front Line Manager/Section Leader, ensuring production targets, quality standards (and customer shipments) are met,  Under the direction from the FLM/Section Leader ensure that Manufacturing Team Members are allocated at the start and during the shift, to effectively utilise all personnel resources,  Understand all relevant measurables and indicators in line with MOS. Implement corrective actions where necessary and maintain and contain current business issues. Be able to record and report measure where necessary,  Must be able to provide focus and leadership for all team members,  Ability to carry out daily shift briefs to ensure that Team Members are fully briefed on daily information,  Carry out ****s audits to ensure Team Members are acquainted with the required standards of housekeeping and adhere to those standards. The requirements for the role are;  Previous Experience of working in a FastPaced Manufacturing Environment,  Strong Motivational & Leadership Skills,  Ensure Team Members comply with TS**** policies and procedures,  Ability to work in pressurised environment,  Previous Automotive Experience Preferred but not Essential. To apply for the role, please submit an up to date copy of your CV in response to this advert or for more information call Liam Fairey. JAM Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position.