Title: Project Manager (NPD)
Webindex: 67019219
Company: Cubiq Recruitment
Description: Project Manager (NPD) ****  **** Oxfordshire Permanent Cubiq Recruitment is supporting a key client in their search for a Project Manager to lead a number of New Product Development (NPD) projects from kickoff through to production launch. Acting as the primary customer interface and facilitating the cross divisional activities you will be fully responsible for managing project scope, deliverables and delivery strategy. You will possess a proven track record of project delivery within an R&D / product development environment, a strong degree within an engineering discipline (or equivalent) and strong commercial knowledge. This company has been experiencing sustained growth over the past 5 years and are looking for quality individuals to maintain this growth. They offer good salaries, excellent progression and a great working environment KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: To lead product development projects, coordinating and monitoring the project activities undertaken by company divisions and subcontractors ensuring compliance with the requirements of the company Phase Development Programme, corporate and divisional Standard Operating Procedures and guidelines, and any other additional procedures/activities agreed with the client. Establish and agree the scope and scope changes and ensure that they equate to the commercial agreement. Establish and agree the project strategy  both development, tooling and manufacturing. Develop and manage a toplevel MS Project plan for project activities required to achieve agreed project deadlines and to coordinate the business resources necessary to achieve these goals. Set up and control Issue Log and Action Log Confirm an appropriately experienced project team has been allocated to the project, raising any shortfalls or concerns over team member allocation or performance with the appropriate line manager. Motivate the project team to achieve overall programme needs. Maintain the project plan as an accurate reflection of current project status compared to agreed timing and deadlines, and to actively communicate requirements, progress, and change to the project team and management team. Ensure that any changes to product specification, project scope or deliverables requested by the customer are identified and considered for their commercial and timing implications and that they are communicated to the relevant Commercial Manager before agreement and implementation ensuring uncontrolled creep of project scope does not occur. Where project progress does not meet agreed timing, the Project Manager must work with the project team to develop recovery plans, escalating and working with Senior Managers as required. If failure to deliver remains expected, then this situation and its implications must be highlighted to the Directors and relevant Commercial Manager. Organise, chair and minute internal and client project review meetings and Design Review meetings as required. Ensure that valid phase signoffs are achieved, aligned with Phase Development SOP requirements. Produce monthly Project Progress Reports for senior management and to report project progress at monthly Project Review meetings. Liaise closely with the relevant Commercial Manager and to attend client meetings and presentations as required. Support and/or lead quotations for new projects, coordinating all inputs to produce a project scope and top level strategy, outline project plan and timeline, an a quotation package.Please submit your CV via the link provided and contact Ben Reading for more information Key word search: project manager, project leader, npi, npd, engineering, engineer, product design, design engineer, consumer, product development, medical, automotive, scientific