Title: Apprentice Support Technician
Webindex: 71763823
Company: Baltic Training
Description: This is a government funded apprenticeship, therefore anyone with a level 4 qualification or above will not be eligible for the funding. We currently have a vacancy for an apprentice within a busy Print Service company based in Stockport. The candidate we are looking for will have recently completed their education and be looking for a long term career in the Technology Sector. You will have a passion for all things IT related in particular solving technical hardware and software issues. You will also be the person your family and friends go to when they have any computer problems. You will also have a natural ability to repair mechanical and technical machinery. In addition to having great technical knowledge the apprenticeship will involve dealing with external customers face to face, over the telephone and via email. You will be required to portray a professional and corporate manner at all times. If you have had previous experience of dealing with customers that would be a distinct advantage. During the apprenticeship your main duties will involve:  Assisting engineer on client sites  Repairing and installing print/copy hardware  Dealing with basic 1st line issues  Learning how about different brands of machine and keeping up to date with the latest products  Supporting engineers on the road (You will spend a significant amount of your time on the road)  Remotely accessing customers machines to carry out software repairs  Working closely with senior engineer both on and off site to develop a firm understanding customer systems and requirements  Providing 1st class customer service The above list is not exhaustive and additional duties will be required as the business needs. You will also be given additional duties as your apprenticeship progresses and your knowledge improves. Please note that this is not an office role and will involve getting your hands dirty, installing new machines and replacing components. Training to be Provided: Ongoing training is provided by Baltic Training Services:  Level 3 Diploma IT Professional  Level 3 Advanced Diploma in Systems and Principles  Level 2 key skills (Literacy and Numeracy)  CISCO IT Essentials  MTA (Microsoft Technical Associate certification)  For the candidates with the greatest ability and aspirations CompTIA A and MCTS (Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist) may also be offered. Skills Required: Good technical awareness and demonstrable all round computer skills, either self taught or through certification. You must be keen to learn and to fit into the working environment. Personal Qualities:  Confident  Professional  Flexible  Team Player  Ambitious/Drive  Excellent time keeping (punctual, organised, manages time effectively)  Proactive approach to work  Quickly picks up new skills  Your goal should be to continuously develop your professional skills and to strive for a permanent role within the company Essential: Maths and English at GCSE grade AC (or equivalent). ICT an advantage.