Title: FM electrical engineer supervisor
Webindex: 69761468
Company: CMS
Description: Job Purpose: Provides a safe, comfortable operating environment by providing and maintaining electrical power. Duties:  Provides lighting by determining power sources; defining wiring patterns; selecting fixtures.  Maintains emergency and routine electrical power distribution network by discovering, restoring, and repairing faulty or inoperative facility systems.  Keeps electrical equipment, systems, and building ready for use and safe by developing, implementing, and evaluating preventive maintenance programs and schedules for the electrical power distribution network, fire and smoke alarms, and sprinkler and other electrical systems; restoring and repairing faulty or inoperative equipment; recommending changes and new electrical installations.  Complies with local, national, and other related electrical codes and standards by directing and monitoring the work of craftsmen, vendors, contractors, and heating, ventilating, and airconditioning staff; inspecting the facility, systems, and equipment.  Implements changes, expansions, and additions to electrical systems by identifying problems; keeping abreast of new developments; using statistics and equipment history reports.  Achieves electrical maintenance financial objectives by preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analysing variances; initiating corrective actions.  Completes electrical maintenance operational requirements by scheduling and assigning employees; following up on work results.  Maintains electrical maintenance staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees.  Maintains electrical maintenance staff job results by counselling and disciplining employees; planning, monitoring, and appraising job results.  Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies.  Maintains continuity among work teams by documenting maintenance actions; noting system or equipment irregularities requiring continued monitoring.  Maintains safe and clean working environment by developing and enforcing procedures, rules, and regulations.  Maintains electrical parts and equipment inventory by checking stock to determine inventory level; anticipating needed electrical parts and equipment; placing and expediting orders for parts and equipment; verifying receipt of parts and equipment.  Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Skills/Qualifications: Electronics Troubleshooting, Supervision, HVAC Systems, Basic Safety, Equipment Maintenance, Technical Leadership, Technical Understanding, Staffing, Developing Budgets, Delegation, Job Knowledge