Title: Quality Engineer  Milton Keynes
Webindex: 71433108
Company: Blue Bolt Ltd
Description: We are seeking a Quality Engineer for a prestigious manufacturer of industrial equipment based in Milton Keynes. GENERAL: The Quality Engineer is responsible for improving product quality. The team member will work with vendors throughout the supply chain to ensure that they consistently produce quality product. The team member will support internal departments to increase value to the customer by developing robust processes and removing waste. SPECIFIC DUTIES: • Provide and manage a framework for the Warranty Returns, Customer Concerns and the company ****D system. • Hands on inspection and diagnostics of components versus specification. • Investigate component field failures, arrange supplier diagnostics, review suppliers processes and manufacturing procedures, negotiate liability with supplier and ensure they implement preventative actions. • Conduct Supplier Evaluation Audits to determine the vendor’s capability to meet production requirements. • Responsible for establishing trends, corrective and preventative actions to support both Production and Supplier. • Provide technical support to all internal departments to maintain and improve product quality. • Assist with first off sample approvals • Provide production line technical support QUALIFICATION AND EXPERIENCE ESSENTIAL: • Minimum of an ONC in Engineering or a technical subject. • Hands on experience in manufacturing practices, fabrications, hydraulics, electrics • Working knowledge of ****D problem solving process. • Ability to read understand engineering manufacturing drawings. • Computer literate –working knowledge of all Microsoft Office packages: Word, Excel, Access, Power Point, Outlook. • Ability to work under pressure and to meet deadlines • Competent in technical report writing. • Clean driving licence. Prepared to travel UK and abroad to assess / support the Supply base. Key words: quality systems quality manager qa manager quality assurance manager quality specialist quality advisor Failure mode effects analysis Eight Disciplines Fault Tree Analysis Corrective action preventive action preventative action CAPA fmea Quality Inspect quality inspection qc inspect qc inspection qa inpection quality control inspection quality control inspect Final inspection ****D **** Why SPC qa engineer qc engineer quality assurance engineer quality control engineer qc supervis qc team leader qa team leader qa supervisor qa manager qc manager inspection manager supplier diagnostics review suppliers third party supplier supplier audit supplier inspection supplier evaluation evaluation audit qms quality management system quality audit supplier quality and engineer engineering This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QualityEngineerMiltonKeynes_job****