Title: Well Site Supervisor
Webindex: 69203241
Company: CCN Recruitment
Description: Our client a global operator in the Oil Gas Industry is seeking a Well Site Supervisor to join their team in Aberdeen. Duties; To coordinate all Operational aspects of the MPD activities during the project, in accordance with the QSHE procedures. To provide support and technical advice to the client, drilling contractor and the MPD operational personnel. To ensure that the requirements of the client are met with regards to reservoir and well control operations during the drilling of each well. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES To coordinate all data and requirements with the Project Engineer to enable a constant project overview from Regional Base in Aberdeen. Establishing records on all maintenance that is suitably performed in the field and to communicate both minor and major repairs/maintenance reports with the operations base via the relevant operational documents provided. To ensure that all data material, operational forms and records, are completed and relayed to the Project Manager for collation and review. To coordinate any variations in project planning, onsite technical and operational requirements/changes with the Senior Supervisor as to revise his roles or operational activities as required. To provide overall project responsibility for our clients MPD operational requirements/personnel and equipment with assistance/support from the Project Engineer. To provide overall QHSE responsibility for our clients activities, ensuring full compliance from the crew, perform preactivity safety meetings, as per the QHSE guidelines and operational procedures for this type of application. To interface with the client, drilling contractor and directional drilling provider to advise during the drilling periods and to provide solutions to issues if required. To ensure each individual person on a crew applies the experience and ability they have, whilst operating the various MPD system components during the project, relaying personal performance assessments to the Operations team in Aberdeen. To the coordinate and record the use of the onsite spares and inventory, in accordance with daily consumables utilized during operations, ensuring that relevant records are forwarded, allowing suitable time for the operations base to establish replacement items. To be the operational focal point, for all MPD daily reporting and field records, direct through to the Project Engineer via the Field Engineer and the client representatives. ADDITIONAL RELEVANT INFORMATION ABOUT JOB This role requires travel to the Operational Site anywhere within the Region, occasionally worldwide, and on occasion to the Aberdeen Base. QUALIFICATIONS Essential GCSE Education. Computer Literate in Microsoft packages. Literate. Numerate. Preferred HND Education. EXPERIENCE/COMPETENCE Essential Experience in a Supervisory/Project Manager type role. Experience and knowledgeable on all MPD equipment and services. Experience in an Operational Field Environment. Preferred Relevant experience in UBD, Drilling Operations. SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE Essential Good knowledge of Microsoft Packages. Good organisational skills. Good interpersonal and communication skills (verbal and listening). Good leadership qualities with the ability to lead a team through any situation. Preferred PERSONAL QUALITIES Essential Helpful and highly motivated with the ability to prioritise workloads. Good attention to detail  ability to work to deadlines. Confidential. Approachable. Assertive. Flexible and able to support and interface with members of staff at all levels. Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location Job start date: ASAP