Title: Senior Electronic Design Engineer
Webindex: 68179183
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Senior Analogue Design Engineer from the Aerospace or Automotive market. Must have experience with Electronic Control Units and Safety Critical Standards. To act as a technical lead and design authority. Important Analogue and Digital Electronics Design, Aerospace or Automotive background. The Job Specific Accountabilities  Provides Technical Leadership in the design amp; development of Electronic Control Units. This includes the coordination of personnel and activities in order to successfully complete product developments in accordance with schedule, quality and budget requirements.  Provides technical guidance in one or more of the following electronic design areas:  Analogue Electronic design activities. (ie. Low power / low frequency circuits)  Digital Electronic design activities. (MicroController / DSP development)  Design for ElectroMagnetic Compatibility.  Aircraft databus communication systems (Arinc, MILSTD**** etc )  Prepares and reviews documentation including the following: requirement documents, specifications, design documents, work instructions, test plans and procedures, technical reports, tradestudies and user guides.  Plans, organizes and controls his/her activities to ensure ontime delivery and the quality of their output.  Actively participates as a member of their skill centre and/or programme development teams  Carries out special projects as assigned.  Authority for technical approval (Senior / Principal)  May have technical accountability and responsibility for Senior and/or Engineers (Senior / Principal) Technical Requirements:  University degree in an electronics based engineering discipline or equivalent qualification.  Working knowledge of Aerospace industry standards relating to Electronics airborne equipment (ie Do****).  Working knowledge of PC s and standard Microsoft office applications. Personal Requirements:  Excellent planning, organisational, analytical, leadership, interpersonal, decisionmaking, problemsolving, oral and written communication skills.  Excellent project management skills.  Extensive experience in developing Electronics based control units (preferably aerospace) To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK