Title: Engineering Planning Manager
Webindex: 67946751
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction My Client is major player in the Food Industry looking for an experienced Engineering Planning Manager to join their team in the Kent area. This is a fantastic opportunity within this major blue chip company. Important Engineering and Maintenance experience within a Food Manufacturing environment The Job To ensure that maintenance plans for a range of assets are prepared sufficient to underpin the effective and efficient achievement of operational availability targets, ensuring that everything works when it needs to. To ensure that all assets have relevant work plans. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES amp; RESPONSIBILITIES Identify maintenance strategy to provide effective maintenance plans for site assets, review existing maintenance strategies, ensure plans are adhered to and timely execution of all statutory inspections and maintenance. Ensure method statements, risk assessments and all other health and safety documentation accompanies all maintenance tasks and is reviewed regularly. Understand best engineering practices for asset management, incorporate into maintenance strategies and continuously explore ways to improve the performance of a range of assets. Ensure that for a range of assets, planned work maintenance regimes are in place which delivers operational availability targets at optimum cost. Use trend data to identify low performing assets as well as common faults and adjust maintenance strategies to ensure optimum asset performance is delivered. Ensure that management by information is practiced, that effective performance review takes place on an ongoing basis, that measurement and review drives continuous improvement of plant availability. Lead and develop a technical planner. Ensure individual targets are met and performance continuously reviewed. EXPERIENCE / QUALIFICATIONS An engineering based qualification Experience using CMMS Knowledge and experience of engineering and maintenance Experience in the management of assets and infrastructure. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK