Title: Process Planner  Interior Trim / Wood Shop
Webindex: 68179187
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Prestige Automotive OEM require an experienced Process Planner for their site near Chichester Important Manufacturing Feasibility, layout design. Automotive Wood experience The Job JOB TITLE: Process Planner, Interior Trim DEPARTMENT: Wood Shop REPORTS TO: Manager Process Planning Interior Trim This role would suit anyone with strong Process / Manufacturing / Quality exposure with a sound knowledge of wood ( Milling / Lacquer / Varnish / Polish / Veneer) Ideally from an Automotive Environment but would also consider someone from another industry such as Aerospace, Marine, Furniture, Piano etc JOB PURPOSE To realise the design and engineering requirements into a production process, delivering the optimum performance in terms of quality and cost whilst safeguarding the health and safety of the employees. Key area of Responsibility Evaluation/Concept studies for future vehicle projects and model year proposals Calculate production cost, investment, planning amp; launch costs, fixed costs, headcount, space requirements Planning Assumptions volume, timing, design sketches Provide manufacturing input into the business case analysis Manufacturing feasibility and realisation of design and engineering requirements Assess ability to manufacture, providing suggestions to do so and reduce costs Design sketches, early CAD drawings Ensure engineered part can be made to the optimum quality and cost. Design method and process; defining materials, tools, jigs and equipment, process parameters, layout Plan the process, detail planning costs and implementation timing Create flow charts, work instructions, control plans. Released CAD drawings. Layouts, timing plans Detailed understanding of how a part will be manufactured, jigs and tooling defined, costs detailed, implementation plan available Assessment of health and safety, environmental and legal considerations including documentation and systems control /maintenance ( work instructions, COSSH, risk assessments, SAP) Keeping all the necessary paperwork and legal requirements uptodate and proven. SAP and planning documentation Meet all legal requirements with a record to prove they are being met. Project Manage the implementation of new features/products Detail equipment specifications, raise purchase orders, manage the suppliers, coordinate installation and commissioning of new machines and tooling, coordinate preseries builds Project plan To bring new features/new models into series production Industrial Engineering (IE)/ CIP Calculates manpower requirement, evaluate efficiency savings. Capacity planning. Process Times Minimise costs Quality planning Implement processes that conform to ISO TS 16949. Maintain documentation. Audit processes. Process Control plan, FMEA, Work instructions. Conforming processes KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS amp; EXPERIENCE: At least 3 years experience in a process planning role with the following skills would be an advantage Technical expertise in one or more of following specialism s: pressing, machining, woodworking lacquering and assembly technology Ability to interpret engineering CAD data and tolerances Excellent organisational , presentation and problem solving skills Good IT skills including CATIA V**** Fluent English is essential and basic German is desirable Knowledge of SAP Educated to degree level or equivalent in an engineering discipline. The key things that the role has to make decisions on: Providing manufacturing feasibility to design and engineering proposals Process, equipment, facility and layout design to achieve balance between cost and quality. Delivering processes, Quality improvements Other decisions the role has a significant say in: Headcount planning Change management of parts/processes in production areas Suppliers selection Providing cost evaluations based on very little design / engineering information Giving feasibility to design / engineering before trial parts have been made To ensure all parties (engineering, suppliers, production) deliver their commitments on time. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK