Title: Project Engineer  Water Treatment
Webindex: 72635620
Company: Intech Recruitment Ltd
Description: Project Engineer  Water Treatment ****  ****  Car, Laptop, mobile Covering M4 Corridor A global water treatment company currently require the services of an experienced Project Engineer / Service Engineer on a permanent basis to cover the M4 Corridor. The Project Engineer / Service Engineer will be responsible for conducting site investigation and surveys for small to midsized water treatment projects set up to reduce costs, conserve water and energy, meet environmental regulations and increasing productivity. Customers could be fmcg, pharmaceutical or processing companies seeking solutions to conserve recycle and reuse their water The Project Engineer / Service Engineer will visit a site, overseeing the scope, design, estimate and development of the water treatment projects including the recycling of waste water, pretreatment, filtration and cooler/boiler applications. You will be involved in overseeing process, electrical and mechanical phase, understand the technology requirements for both chemical and non chemical applications. Also developing project timelines and producing progress reports. Applicants will be degree qualified in a relevant engineering subject, have project or service engineering experience in the water treatment field in both chemical and non chemical methods and have a valid UK driving license. For more information and to apply for this position, please send your CV with a covering email to explain why you feel you should be considered for this post. By sending us your CV you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your personal data on a computer database for the purpose of evaluating your application for employment. This processing will be carried out in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act **** By applying for this role you hereby consent to us to finding you work on your behalf. If you do not wish your CV to be sent to our client then you must clearly state this to us. iNTECH Recruitment act as both an employment agency for all permanent positions and as an employment business for temporary contract positions. Please note: All calls are recorded for training, quality and business purposes