Title: Production / Development Engineer
Webindex: 68572535
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Our client, a supplier to the Aerospace Industry are looking to appoint a permanent Production/Development Engineer based near Derby. You will work to OEM and Customer specifications and that of technical capability to undertake approved repairs. Technical capability will include, but is not limited to:  Developing production processes (grinding, milling, welding, blending etc)  Developing Route Cards  Developing Data Cards  Developing Standard Practice Procedures  Specifying and ordering tooling, equipment and consumables You will also:  Perform statistical analysis of component reject rates,  Communications with Customers  Analyse the repair market and identify new repair development opportunities.  Develop new repairs and obtain the required approvals from the OEM, Customer and Regulatory Authorities, where applicable, within agreed time scales and cost. The development of new repairs will be done in a controlled manner with all stages of the development specified by the appropriate documentation.  Contribute to production, when requested, by undertaking troubleshooting, process improvement or Industrial Engineering projects.  Liaise with all levels of employees, Customers, OEM and Suppliers where required.  Undertake all tasks to time scales agreed with the Senior Engineer and the Technical Manager. Qualifications and Experience:  Degree qualified or equivalent, or recognised engineering apprenticeship, you will have strong experience in a manufacturing production environment.  Good understanding of machining processes with tooling/fixture design experience.  Project management experience in planning, controlling budgets and driving to schedules.  Process improvement experience  good problem solving capability and the ability to manage improvement projects to effective closure (green or black belt would be advantageous)  Good communication and presentation skills at all levels. Salary