Title: Discipline Head: Rivers and Catchment  Solihull
Webindex: 71194504
Company: Randstad
Description: Our expanding Water Resources work means that we are actively recruiting to support our growing team. We are looking to appoint a Discipline Lead for our Rivers and Catchments team. As a Discipline Lead you will have a staff management role, ensure the current and future technical capability of the team, develop, maintain and improve discipline proesses, ensure technical quality and governance, and ensure the well being of the staff. We are seeking energetic and innovative staff who can design, win and deliver our solutionoriented services to our existing and new blue chip clients. As a Principal Consultant you will require a suitable qualification, be professionally chartered with the right experience. Experience in the application of hydrological, hydraulic, erosion and sediment transport models such as MIKE, TUFLOW, HECRAS, ISIS or similar is required. Water quality and flood risk experience would be an advantage. Candidates need to demonstrate experience of leading and working with multidisciplinary teams and in providing technical input to water and environmental assessments. Experience of working in Consultancy, Environment Agency, SEPA or Water Companies would be considered an advantage. The role will primarily be officebased, preferably in our Solihull office, although there is flexibility in terms of location for the right candidate. Candidates must demonstrate strong leadership ability, a strong technical background, a passion for technical excellence, an ability to implement strategic business development plans and a mature knowledge network. Candidates must be able to demonstrate skills in factual and interpretative reporting, data management and analysis and presentation. The individual will also be expected to demonstrate an ability to produce high quality oral and written communications. Good time management and presentation skills and a flexible attitude are also essential to work within our busy and dynamic team. As a Principal Consultant you will be familiar with the regulatory, business and policy environment in which our clients operate, and have the capacity to develop and maintain longterm relationships with our clients. This position offers the potential for experience in a wide range of business sectors and the potential for strong career growth for enthusiastic and selfmotivated candidates in a strategic growth area. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills water and river and catchment and modelling and modeller and ISIS and HECRAS and jobs and job and vacancy and vacancies