Title: Design Consultancy Manager  Highways, Civil & Transport
Webindex: 71186741
Company: Vertical Recruitment
Description: An excellent opportunity has arisen for a senior level Highway or Civil design Engineer to join a multidiscipline Consultancy as a Design Consultancy Manager to be based in Newcastle upon Tyne The Role The purpose of this role is to develop and manage a Design Consultancy business of professionals within the Engineering Division.This is an exciting opportunity to develop our existing consultancy business within the Engineering service, maximising the benefits and potential growth of the business and continuing to develop the Highways, Civils and Transport Consultancy services to Clients across the region and further afield. Crucially, the role will also involve close collaboration with front line delivery teams within the business. We are seeking a highly motivated individual who will play a key role in continuing the growth and development of an already successful team. Technical Responsbilities: The successful candidate will be required to: Take overall responsibility for the delivery of successful technical output for the Design Consultancy by ensuring rigorous quality assurance management systems are operated in line with the company procedures. Effectively manage workload planning and be proactive in taking appropriate action to balance resources with workload requirements. Work closely and effectively across both design and construction teams to ensure the successful and integrated delivery of schemes from inception to completion. Requirements: (Essential) The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate experience of below: Manage and direct a team of technical employees and take ownership of performance. Visibly support the company objectives. Take ownership of financial and business performance through the MOB process. Be able to prioritise work and complete within deadlines. Be qualified to Chartered status of the ICE, IStructE, IHT or MRITP (or equivalent), or if not, make a commitment to become Chartered or equivalent within 6 months. Have the ability to identify potential clients and markets and secure new commissions. Have extensive project and programme management experience. Successfully promote the activities of the team across the partnership and externally. Assist the Business Development Manager with wider business development activities, as required. Have experience of leadership and direct line management responsibilities including performance management, resource planning, supporting training and development of staff and improving staff welfare. Have excellent organisational skills. Be able to demonstrate successful leadership skills. Establish and maintain excellent working relationships with Clients and deliver quality services to maximise opportunities for repeat business. Be able to communicate with people effectively in a friendly courteous manner and through good presentation skills. Hold a full UK driving licence. Be proficient in a wide range of IT skills including Microsoft Office (including Microsoft Project). Expected Behaviours As part of our partnership objectives in line with our values, we ask all our staff to: Lead by example Encourage, nurture and mentor junior members of staff Be honest and open Demonstrate respect for colleagues and strong teamwork Demonstrate a sense of pride in a job well done Focus on solutions rather than problems A competitive salary and benefits package is on offer along with real career progression opportunities This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DesignConsultancyManagerHighwaysCivilTransport_job****