Title: Product Tendering Manager
Webindex: 68364678
Company: Advanced Resource Managers Limited
Description: Product Tendering Manager  Traffic Solutions  Glasgow Our client is the UK s leading company in the traffic signals business. We design, manufacture, install and service a full range of products  from single junction traffic lights through to sophisticated software systems for whole urban areas. With the current emphasis on Transport and congestion it s a growing business and one that employs around **** people throughout the UK. An opportunity has arisen within our Tendering department, based in Glasgow for a Product Tendering Manager to take on the following responsibilities; What are my responsibilities? Examine and interpret customer specifications site drawings for equipment take offs and services leading to the issuing of formal internal enquiries to relevant departments with strict timescales in order to obtain costs. Arrange bid no bid discussions whenever appropriate. Make suggestions to local sales and contract managers to determine the best price to submit and discuss any final strategy to win. Collate all costs and calculate prices for the quotation. Be responsible for the accurate logging of enquiries and for the timely submission of competitively priced, technically commercially sound submissions. Close liaison with Contract Regional Sales managers on any significant tender build responses. Provide construction information to assist Regional Sales Managers to follow up and progress submitted offers. Prepare summary sheets and correct authorization for tender submissions. What do I need to qualify for this job? This role requires excellent communication skills with a flair for sales and a dedication to team work and success. Time management, internal and external relationships and attention to detail are vital for the role. You will be proactive with a proven track record in estimating, preferably with an electrical discipline. Dedication to the task, the desire to win and the ability to think around the total solution is essential. Additionally, you will ideally be educated to Degree/HNC/HND level, preferably in a technical discipline. In return, an excellent remuneration package is offered which includes attractive basic salary, pension, flexible benefits scheme, bonus, and discounted health care.