Title: Electrical Engineering Manager Berkshire
Webindex: 69173112
Company: Invictus Group
Description: Engineering site manager Berkshire Based,****kPackage One of the major players in the FM and Maintenance industry are currently looking to recruit a key member of staff to add to a newly acquired commercial contract in Reading As a company, their client base ranges from large well know buildings in central London and Home counties, Stadiums, Tourist Attractions and Hospitals They provide specialist support in the operation, maintenance and repair of building services, and excel in the maintenance of technically demanding blue chip and critical sites within London and the Home counties Due to the winning of this new contract, they have now specified the need for an Engineering Site Manager to manage the maintenance and services in this high profile building in Berkshire. The ideal candidate will have previously worked within a high profile Health care environment ( Desirable) requiring critical and noncritical maintenance and will have managed teams of around **** engineers or more. Duties will include HV shutdowns, man management, client liaison and budget management. Candidates must have a strong technical understanding and excellent man management skills and must also be able to demonstrate a proven track record in the commercial building services environment. This is a fantastic opportunity to work for a progressive company, which offers great back up to its managers. Other objectives include but are not limited to the following:  Organise and manage staff to ensure effective and efficient planned and reactive maintenance.  Assist in recruitment of technical staff.  Ensure health and safety is adhered to and all paperwork is complete to correct standards.  Maintain cleanliness of plant rooms.  Ensure reactive maintenance is undertaken in accordance with the contract.  Manage minor improvements works. Applicants for the role must be able to meet the following criteria:  Fully qualified to electrical or mechanical standard (HNC, HNC C G)  Previous experience of supervising or managing a small team.  Knowledge of working with a budget and know how to reduce costs.  Previous experience of planned and reactive maintenance.  Experience of working in a building services environment. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectricalEngineeringManagerBerkshire_job****