Title: Field Service Engineer (World Wide)
Webindex: 70438888
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment
Description: Field service engineer ( World wide) Ringwoood, Hampshire **** ****  Bonus (********  Van  Mobile phone  Pension  tools  20 days holiday plus bank holidays Excellent opportunity for a service engineer or maintenance engineer with good electrical and mechanical skills to join a company that will offer you a technically challenging role, opportunity to see the world and progress into senior engineering position Based in Ringwood this company design, manufacture and service specialist equipment that is supplied mainly into food manufacturing companies across the world. In this role you will be 70% based on site and 30% out visiting clients servicing, maintaining or installing food manufacturing machinery. This will included mechanical and electrical maintenance as well as PLC work. This is an ideal role for an engineer to develop their skills sets be working on some of the most modern manufacturing machinery available on the market. The Role: Carrying out planned preventative maintenance and breakdown repair on specialised packaging equipment. Electrical and mechanical servicing/ maintenance. 30% Field service based 70% site based in Hampshire. Some installation and commissioning All expenses are paid  Full training on equipment will be provided. The Person: Ideally time served and an engineering qualification Good mechanical and electrical skills. Ability to read schematic drawings. Willing to travel around the world. Candidates that have food manufacturing experience will have an advantage. Maintenance engineer, electrical, mechanical, field service engineer, manufacturing, food, service engineer, packaging, FMCG, installation, commissioning, servicing, electrical maintenance, fault finding, service, breakdown To apply for this role or for to be considered for further roles, please contact us on: (Apply online only) or visit our website at (url removed) This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from engineering candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed