Title: Senior ASIC CPU Verification Engineer  Cambridgeshire
Webindex: 68708789
Company: IC Resources
Description: Visa Sponsorship and Relocation Allowance Provided. Senior ASIC CPU Verification Engineer  Cambridgeshire My client is looking for a proactive Senior ASIC CPU Verification Engineer (systemVerilog, OVM, VMM, Verilog) to join their highly specialised team, working on innovative and efficient ASIC verification techniques for their high performance, low consumption RISC processors. Their technology lies at the heart of most advanced digital products, from wireless, networking and consumer entertainment solutions to imaging, automotive, security and storage devices. This exciting multinational company designs the world's most advanced IP, and is looking for a talented ASIC verification expert to pioneer new technologies at their site in Cambridgeshire. You will need to have the enthusiasm, drive and initiative to be at the forefront of advanced IP, with the initiative to work at an architectural level, and the attention to detail required at the implementation level. Experience of verification flow from design architecture to verification signoff, preferably with experience of remote design centres and at least one tapeout is necessary. The ideal candidate will have:  A thorough understanding of the current verification strategies required for complex IP development, including constrained random, coverage driven, formal and assertionbased techniques.  Experience of architecting and implementing verification solutions for complex problems at unit and/or top level.  Experience of testbench development in high level verification languages such as SystemVerilog, Specman, Vera and SystemC.  Experience in VHDL, Verilog, Perl, Python, TCL and programming experience in C/C++, Unix and Shell  Experience with OVM or UVM techniques and RISC Microprocessors and Microprocessor systems This is an extremely exciting opportunity with scope for career progression and skill acquisition. Effective problem solving, communication and team leadership and mentoring skills are essential, as well as a 1st or ****:1 in a relevant degree. If you are interested in applying for this position please contact me for further details. Key words: Digital, ASIC, SoC, Hardware, Software, Verification, RISC, Specman e, Microprocessor, FPGA, RTL, Design, OVM, VMM, UVM, SystemVerilog, VHDL, Verilog, testbench, Semiconductor, Cambridgeshire, East Anglia, England, UK IC Resources  your first contact for ASIC design and verification jobs globally. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorASICCPUVerificationEngineerCambridgeshire_job****