Title: Development Engineer / Electrical Project Engineer
Webindex: 65901794
Company: Parker Sourcing Ltd
Description: Project Engineer / Electronics Development Engineer / Our client now has a vacancy for an Project Engineer Electrical / Electronic Development Technician to join our Electronics / Electrical design team. The key qualities required are:  Proven ability of system and equipment wiring  Proven ability of carrying out qualification and / or verification testing KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Working as part of a team of Electronic/Electrical Engineers with one of the Design Engineers. Duties will typically include:  Building and / or testing prototype systems including mechanica/Electrical assembly, equipment wiring and setting up test infrastructure.  Product qualification testing including CE related (e.g. EMC & LVD) testing and documentation.  Helping to resolve quality problems  Drawing and maintaining wiring diagrams.  Raising and maintaining BOMs using MRP system  Using Engineering Change process to introduce design changes  Technical support to Purchasing/Supply Chain  Liaison with component suppliers.  Identifying/assessing alternative electrical cables/components.  Assist manufacturing and customer support.  Adhoc duties as requested by Management. Ket Skills: Electrical, Electronics, Wiring, Assembly, Testing, Development, Verification. SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES  Communication  Good written and verbal communicator. Able to write and maintain documents. Expected to be familiar with  PC programs including Microsoft office. Technical Ability Required  Good practical skills, mechanical fabrication/assembly, electrical wiring/crimping /soldering.  Ability to understand a wiring diagram and carry out system integration and equipment wiring.  General understanding of electronic components.  Ability to understand electrical component data sheets.  Ability to select cables and electrical components to suit application.  Ability to understand a circuit diagram  Ability to execute and document qualification and system verification tests.  Familiarity with instrumentation (including oscilloscopes, multimeters, temperatures sensors etc.) and how to connect and use them.  Good general understanding of Electrical safety issues.  Must have a good general understanding of engineering issues and be able to appreciate issues relating to non electrical aspects of Bowman products.  Ability to use PC drawing tools (e.g. Protel, Visio)  Able to process Engineering changes using Bowman process.  Able to use Bowman MRP system to raise and maintain BOMs Qualifications  Maths & English GCSE grade A to C  Higher Education qualification in Electrical or  Electronic Engineering or equivalent. Other  Quality Focus Takes responsibility for ensuring a high quality of work.  Productivity Ability to work with minimal supervision.  Demonstrates enthusiasm and is personally committed to achieving objectives set.  Application to Role Is receptive to feedback about own behaviour, strengths and areas for improvement