Title: Maintenance Engineer 2546M4GG
Webindex: 68711382
Company: Pioneer Selection
Description: Overview: One of the UK’s largest independent food manufactures is currently looking for a Maintenance Engineer to join its expanding team. They can offer an excellent package and the opportunity to work for the best company in the industry. The Company: Founded over half a century ago they are now one of the UK’s biggest suppliers to the food market, producing and supplying thousands of products every day. A unique business with a turnover well into the millions and several sites across the UK they are now looking for the right Maintenance Engineer to join its illustrious team. With growth plans on the horizon they now need to expand the team to keep up with increased demand for their first class products. The Role of a Maintenance Engineer: As a Maintenance Engineer you will be responsible for the planned and reactive maintenance on the production line. Fault finding and repair as well getting involved with continuous improvement projects will also form the working day, with a cutting edge facility down time on the line must be kept to a minimum. Key Skills: You will be a multiskilled Maintenance Engineer from a manufacturing background. Experience within a food factory will be beneficial although not essential; you will however need to be from a manufacturing background with some exposure to the FMCG market. You may be bias, mechanical or electrical and possess the relevant engineering qualification. Benefits: Overtime  Pension Salary: **** Commutable from: Stowmarket, Suffolk, Thetford, Norfolk, Sudbury, Suffolk, Norwich, Norfolk Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a: Maintenance Technician, Multiskilled Engineer, Craftsmen, If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Alternatively for further details contact George Georgiades on;  **** or Email: cvpioneerselection.co.uk Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MaintenanceEngineer2546M4GG_job****