Title: Electrician / Electrical Maintenance Engineer
Webindex: 70418548
Company: GSA
Description: job Reference: HQ**** Excellent career opportunity for an experienced maintenance Electrician to join this manufacturing plant. This is a company who values its employees and offers other benefits such as subsidised canteen, access to an on site gym, a very generous pension, health care and bonus system. Working a very sociable shift system you would work two weeks 7.00am to ****.00pm, followed by one week of 11.00 am to 7.00 pm. The work involves Installation, Testing, Repair and Maintenance of Electrical equipment at this manufacturing plant. Some of the work will be based on scheduled maintenance involving the test of the manufacturing plant to make sure it works to the required standard. All work will then need to be recorded with all the necessary paperwork completed. All work is carried out safely and to the latest British Standard of BS7671 as defined by the Institute of Electrical Engineers and in accordance with all relevant legislation and Company requirements. Ensure that all drawings, diagrams and work instructions are properly filed at the end of use. Work closely with supervision and stakeholders to ensure the minimum downtime of plant and equipment that is waiting for electrical maintenance actions and, ensure a formal plant hand back is carried out on completion of the job. Maintain and update records of all electrical stock used as part of the process to ensure the correct level of stock availability. Strive to achieve demonstrable continuous improvement in all aspects of the daily work. Minimum level of education required by the position (not the educational level of the incumbent): HNC In Electrical Engineering and certification to BS7671 Mandatory Certification (i.e. P.Eng, CMA, CA, etc.): HNC or equivalent experience, and BS7671 Preferred Certification: HND and BS7671 Minimum years of experience required to perform this position: 3 Other knowledge, skills, abilities and behaviours needed to perform this position: Must have good eyesight, Must not be colour blind, Able to work at height, Must not suffer from claustrophobia when working in a confined space, Must have good communication skills Physical effort is required by this job, carrying and climbing ladders, carrying and pulling cables, re assembly of motors and carrying equipment around the site. The Physical Environment requires working outside in conditions of snow, freezing temperatures, rain, sun and wind. Typically this may suit: Electrician Maintenance Electrician Electrical Maintenance Engineer Technician Installation Engineer