Title: Compliance Engineer (Quality)
Webindex: 64812591
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Compliance Engineer (Quality) Poole ****  ****  25 Days Holiday  Pension  Benefits Excellent opportunity for a Compliance Engineer looking for a position in a market leading organisation who pride themselves on developing their employees and offer thorough and ongoing training and personal development. On offer is the chance to join a dynamic, growing organisation with excellent prospects for progression. This client is a market leading company who have experienced many years of growth. Specialising in the design and manufacture of heat exchangers, they are undergoing a period of huge expansion and as such are seeking several excellent engineers. In this role, the successful Compliance Engineer will be responsible for ensuring that all manufactured products fall in line with the Quality Standards set by the company. You will develop quality, inspection and test plans as well as overseeing the production areas during final inspection. You will be involved in the auditing of clients and liaising with the supply teams to ensure all incoming goods are of the correct standard. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a company who are going to look to actively progress you and further your career and level of technical expertise. The Role: Signing off Quality, Inspection and Test plans prior to dispatch Auditing of suppliers as and when required Working closely with procurement teams to oversee the goods inward process The Person: Experience within a Fabrication environment Holding a minimum of an ONC engineering qualification A background working in compliance and quality Compliance Engineer, Manufacturing, Quality Control, Fabrication, Audit, Quality Engineer, QA, QC, Inspector, Welding, ASME To apply for this role or for to be considered for further roles, please email your CV to james.dawsonrisetechnical.co.uk or visit our website at www.risetechnical.co.uk This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from engineering candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ComplianceEngineerQuality_job****