Title: Marine HVAC System Design Engineers
Webindex: 70438727
Company: Electus Recruitment Solutions
Description: Marine HVAC System Design Engineers My client is the leading independent organisation for engineering design, design support and technical services to defence customers, offering you the chance to work on renowned and cutting edge projects and innovations. From concept design to acquisition support, inservice design and technology management, my client is known for its innovation, expertise and ability to tackle the most complex design and systems issues. My client is renowned for their strong track record in naval platform design, through their highquality technical staff. As part of my client s business growth and development, we currently seek a Marine HVAC System Design Engineers to be based in Bath. To be successful in the role you will need the following: HND/HNC and/or a first degree (or equivalent) in Mechanical or Marine Engineering Extensive knowledge of marine HVAC systems design (naval or commercial) Experience of designing marine HVAC systems and producing supporting technical documentation (e.g. ship system schematics, ship, system and equipment technical specifications) Understanding of the issues pertaining to the integration of mechanical systems and equipment within ships or marine platforms Experience of dealing with equipment suppliers and manufacturers Knowledge of LR Rules s site, incumbents of these positions are required to meet special nationality rules and therefore these vacancies are only open to sole British Citizens. Applicants who meet this criteria will also be required to undergo security clearance vetting, if not already security cleared to a minimum SC level. Key Words: Marine HVAC, Systems Design, Naval, Navy, Defence In return for your technical expertise and dedication, you will be rewarded with a competitive salary and staff benefits (a relocation package may also be available where applicable). If you are a good match then please apply with a CV to learn more about this truly fantastic opportunity to work for a market leader who has an enviable reputation. Electus Recruitment Solutions provides specialist engineering and technical recruitment solutions to a number of high technology industries. We thank you for your interest in this vacancy. If you don t hear from us within **** working days please presume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. You are of course free to resubmit your CV/details in the future and we shall assess your suitability at that time. Services advertised by Electus Recruitment Solutions are those of an Agency (perm). This role is a permanent position.Electus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy