Title: Mechanical Workshop Technician
Webindex: 71763825
Company: Swanstaff Recruitment Ltd
Description: This vacancy is being advertised by Swanstaff Recruitment Limited who are operating as an employment agency. Role Summary The Mechanical Workshop Technician is responsible for the installation of small bore instrument tubing into hydraulic packages and in field installations, flushing and pressure testing, factory acceptance testing, achieve scheduled completion of allocated projects within budgeted hours to specification with maximum safety and reliability of the equipment which is manufactured. Overall, ensure customer satisfaction for the services and equipment supplied to the customer. Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities  Installation of small bore instrument tubing into hydraulic packages and in field installations.  Measure, cut, bend, thread, assemble and install tubing and supports.  Install valves and machinery according to hydraulic schematic drawings and general arrangement drawings, installation details, vendor data sheets and specifications.  To be conversant in pressure testing of hydraulic / pneumatic control systems / tube installations.  To be conversant with Hot Oil / Water Glycol flushing of small bore instrument tube / control systems.  Perform Factory Acceptance Testing (FAT) of hydraulic / pneumatic control systems in accordance to test procedures, (inhouse and to the client).  To undertake fittings take offs, tube and control system layouts, reading of project documentation / drawings and assisting in the production of procedures relating to the build and testing of projects.  Detailed completion of project reports / documentation / certification and ensuring this is passed to the project engineer or supervisor, signed, dated and identified correctly for compiling into the final manufacturing record books.  To undertake the calibration of instruments e.g. relief valves, standard test gauges, pressure switches, transmitters and anything required by the company that is within your competency.  Provide written and oral documentation of job status.  Complete records, maintain tools and equipment, and perform various cleanup and housekeeping activities.  Ensure the company quality management system and design procedures are followed and standards are maintained.  Maintain and promote a professional and harmonious relationship with company and with the customers’ representatives. Specialised Technical Knowledge and Skills Education  Mechanical Engineering Qualification / background  NVQ Diploma in Pipe Fitting or Mechanical Fitting  Installation of small bore instrument tubing.  Pressure testing of hydraulic / pneumatic control systems / tube installations.  Flushing of small bore instrument tube / control systems.  Able to work under pressure and respond to the demands of a high and varied workload.  Work as part of a team. Experience, (Preferred)  Current BOSIET, Valid Offshore Medical Certificate, Minimum Industry Safety Training (MIST).  To be prepared to depart to site /offshore / overseas at short notice as required.  Ability to communicate with clients / client’s representatives. Hours: ****:**** – ****:00 Mon to Fri Contract Length: 8 weeks plus To apply for this position please email your CV and covering letter to : Engineeringswanstaff.co.uk