Title: Maintenance Engineer, Electrical Bias c****
Webindex: 69080936
Company: Ruth Wagstaff LLP
Description: Maintenance Engineer Multi Skilled, Electrical Biased Experienced Maintenance Engineer required joining an existing professional, empowered engineering team who strive to deliver quality engineering supporting production within a global, FMCG manufacturing site, providing the highest quality product in a costeffective manner. Overview: Will suit electrically biased maintenance engineers Applicants should ideally be ONC/HNC or equivalent qualified and have proven industry experience in a manufacturing environment either: automotive, plastics, packaging or food. 3 on 3 off shifts  days and nights c****ey Responsibilities: Provide quality engineering support to production to enable continuous running of plant and equipment. Deliver rapid response to breakdown situations. Ensure first time fixes through timely and effective diagnosis of faults. Identify improvement areas within the line engineering processes and recommend/implement solutions. Adhere to laid down systems of work, ensuring compliance within the required standards of Health and Safety/conduct/hygiene/housekeeping. Demonstrate ability to work unsupervised with a selfconfidence to make decisions in the workplace. Carry out installation of plant, equipment and services as required. Establish and maintain a sound working relationship with production line staff. Carry out autonomous and preventative maintenance tasks competently and correctly, recording work carried out in appropriate documentation. Drive line performance by focusing on bottleneck reliability and speed. Skills ONC/HNC or equivalent in Engineering (Electrical or Mechanical). Experience of high volume food industry. Siemens S****nowledge advantageous. Ability to prioritise and work effectively under pressure. Effective communication skills. Good interpersonal skills. Self motivated and proactive approach to work. To apply: If you are a qualified experienced Maintenance Engineer looking for a new opportunity please email your CV to Ruth Wagstaff Recruitment. For further information on this position please contact Emma Worth at Ruth Wagstaff Recruitment directly. Ruth Wagstaff Recruitment offers a dedicated and individual recruitment service for professional candidates seeking new opportunities within the manufacturing industry, please visit our website to view current opportunities and review testimonials on our service