Title: Mechanical Design Engineer  Peterborough
Webindex: 70675881
Company: Randstad
Description: We are currently looking for an ambitious Mechanical Engineer with a broadranging background in the Water industry to join our team in Peterborough. Requirements The appointed engineer must have a degree in Mechanical Engineering at least. Applicants must be Chartered or working towards to chartership with IMechE or alternative appropriate body. To be considered you must be able to fulfil both of these requirements. The individual will be able to provide evidence of an ongoing programme of CPD. The individual candidate will be computer literate and able to work effectively work with the basic Microsoft suit of programmes as a minimum. Candidates must have extensive design experience within the Water Industry sector including in areas such as potable water production and distribution, waste water treatment and sludge treatment, pumping systems and noninfrastructure asset management to name but a few. Responsibilities The role of a Mechanical Engineer within the MEP stream will require the individual to undertake the following duties:  Project management of small and medium projects and sub projects on larger contracts  Control of budgets and project programmes under the supervision of a principal engineer  Liaison with Clients both internal and external  A strong focus on Health and Safety in design and knowledge of the relevant regulations  A strong technical focus  Extensive experience of optioneering, scoping and feasibility studies  Extensive experience of outline and detailed mechanical design work within water and wastewater areas  Experience in other sectors such as nuclear or oil and gas would be an advantage  Detailed knowledge of general engineering design principals and practices  Management and production of bids Personal Qualities  Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.  Capable of building and maintaining strong business relationships with internal line managers and external clients.  Ability to be flexible and to be able to multitask and prioritise when necessary.  Positive outlook and approachable manner.  Well motivated, able to work as part of a team or in isolation when required. Training Training is tailored to the needs of the individual and is both on and off the job, allowing for real responsibility at work whilst meeting the needs of personal development, technical training and the requirements of professional institutions. Mentors provide a source of advice and guidance that is both informed and informal. This is a great opportunity for the right candidate. For more information on this role contact Rowan Hayes at Randstad CPE on **** **** **** or We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills water and mechanical and design and wastewater and cambridgeshire and peterborough and uk and design