Title: Engineering Services Manager
Webindex: 68062078
Company: hotrocket.net
Description: We are looking for a Engineering Services Manager for a prestegious corporate building in the City of London, you will be required to carry out the following duties. To maintain overall responsibility for the running and management of the buildings and it's associated services. To be responsible for staff directly employed by our client in the execution of the contract To be responsible for the delivery of services in accordance with contract specifications issued by other parties for which our client are responsible. To provide contract specifications in relation to maintenance activities and or works and where necessary method statements in conjunction with other senior members of staff. To be responsible for the management and reporting of budgets and their expenditure To produce reports as and when required in addition to fixed reports. These reports should relate specifically to the following: Financial, Operational, Remedials, and Work Programmes. To assist in/be responsible for the economical running of the building. Including, but not limited to space planning, energy efficiency and budget control. To be responsible for Health and Safety issues appertaining to the site for which our client are responsible. This will include carrying our site inductions, producing emergency procedures and ensuring all statutory requirements are undertaken which minimise disruption to site occupants. To attend monthly meetings as and when required in order to execute responsibilities. To ensure all records are kept for which you are responsible in accordance with the appropriate standards. To prepare and issue for site approval site operating procedures which will include the production of quality plans and site safety procedures during the initial set up phase and subsequent update and management of this information. Prepare and issue Service Level Agreements as and when necessary. To undertake random audits and inspections for all works which our client are responsible and to provide a written report for the General Manager detailing the findings. To maintain responsibility for site discipline and site conduct of all staff either directly or indirectly employed by our client covering services To prepare annual staff appraisal reports for submission to the Operations Manager. To operate within financial budget constraints providing services that are both cost effective and fit for purpose. To ensure prior to sign off that all works undertaken for which our clientare responsible have been completed in accordance with the works specification and all appropriate documentation has been received and is complete. To develop operating procedures and policies to achieve best working practices. To be able to implement change within a directly employed environment. The knowledge, skills, qualifications and experience relevant to the position are: Essential  Experience in a senior position within a Facility Services department.  Previous staff management experience  Previous change management experience.  Previous experience in high quality service delivery.  Sound Mechanical and/or electrical knowledge  Experience in computer PPM management systems (Concept ****)  Experience in operating a Help Desk  Be conversant with current Health and Safety legislation with relevance to safe working practices. Desirable  Degree in Electrical/Mechanical Engineering or Building Services Endorsement.  Degree in Building Services Engineering (High level of electrical content)  Membership to the Institute of Safety and Health (IOSH) or equivalent  Facility Management experience covering both administrative and financial aspects of a facilities management contract.  Practical knowledge of Microsoft packages W****W, Excel This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EngineeringServicesManager_job****