Title: Quality Systems Engineer  Semiconductors
Webindex: 70533320
Company: Redline Group
Description: We are currently seeking a Quality Systems Engineer  Semiconductors in the Hampshire area for this leading wireless technology leader. A global company, their Hampshire offices house the engineering centre of excellence developing solutions for the rapidly growing international customer base. The main purpose of the Quality Systems Engineer – Semiconductors based in Hampshire is to ensure that product specifications and quality management system requirements are met through auditing, developing and implementing productivity improvements in support systems by performing the following key responsibilities: Responsible for the Quality System of the Microcontroller Engineering and Design Locations in Europe. Plan and maintain the QMS audit schedule for Microcontroller locations and design centers in Europe. Conduct Management Review to meet ISO/TS requirements for the Microcontroller Business Unit. Conduct or schedule the auditors to perform the internal and external QMS, Process, and Product audits. Analyze all elements of the QMS and judge its degree of adherence to the criteria of ISO 9001, ISO / TS 16949, MilPRF**** standards, TS subscribed customer specific requirements and company policies. Apply skills (scheduling resources, conducting effective meetings), using appropriate tools and methodologies to verify, document, and communicate audit results, the audit report, and evaluate the effectiveness of corrective action / followup. Plan and coordinate ISO/TS QMS registration audits as required. Provide quarterly reports to companies Global Quality Systems summarizing internal and registration QMS audit results. Provide annual audit report to top management. Maintain proficiency in and comprehension of quality auditing tools and techniques of examining, questioning, evaluating, and reporting to determine a quality system’s adequacy and deficiencies APPLY NOW for the Quality System Engineer – Semiconductors based in Hampshire by sending your CV with covering letter to Glesurfredlineplc.Com quoting reference: GLS****/****