Title: Buyer  Barnsley
Webindex: 71684536
Company: Randstad
Description: We have a career development opportunity for the right candidate within a marketleading organisation, where you will play a part in the improvement of internal purchasing practices as well as gain valuable sourcing experience with one of the industry s top employers. The purpose of this role is to improve competitive tenders to meet the company targets and to assist with the further development of supply chain relationships.  The ongoing development of the company procurement strategy including further development of the procedures for the assessment, selection, appointment and performance monitoring of the supply chain.  Establishing a handson and collaborative approach to the efficient procurement of materials and services on appropriate economic, technical and commercial terms, at both tender and contract stages.  The ongoing maintenance, review and further development of strategic longterm relationships with key suppliers via preferred Trading Agreements negotiated on both a regional and national basis. Key Tasks amp; Responsibilities  Responsibility for the daytoday purchasing of various goods and services.  Building strong relationships with major suppliers, benchmarking new suppliers and engaging with the key internal stakeholders.  Work with the Purchasing Team in developing and delivering on company procurement strategy.  Negotiate prices and lead times with suppliers and the placing and expediting of purchase orders.  Identify opportunities for cost reduction and improved efficiency Person Specification Candidates for this role need to meet the following criteria:  Be experienced in procurement, preferably within the civil engineering sector of construction, with a proven and demonstrable ability to negotiate within a supply chain environment across a diverse range of projects and services.  Display a depth of experience in the field of Contracting including a thorough understanding of the tendering and construction process.  Be well organised, self motivated and able to work on own initiative.  Be a proven communicator at all levels with the ability to liaise effectively with stakeholders across the Business.  Be IT literate, particularly with MS Office software.  Experience in Rail Engineering would be an advantage.  Experience and current ability to quot;take off quot; from client documents and abstract key materials, their quantities and specifications would be an advantage. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.