Title: Ecology Consultant
Webindex: 72697249
Company: Fusion People Ltd
Description: This client believes their strength lies in the depth and breadth of expertise that spans the entire environmental sector. By employing staff with a unique combination of insight and practical experience they have quickly become the UKs largest independent provider of environmental consultancy services. Due to continued expansion and a strong order book they are looking to recruit an additional Ecology Consultant to manage and deliver ecological consultancy and mitigation works in a fast moving, client focused commercial environment. The successful candidate will be a vital member of the Ecology Team ensuring they achieve their targets and will be required to take part in and support business development in key sectors. Key responsibilities Technical Delivery Project Management Manage and undertake a wide range of ecological surveys including extended Phase 1 and Ecocheck surveys to more specialist work, for example protected species surveys and mitigation, surveys on railway tracksides. Management will typically be of small and medium sized projects. Carry out desk studies, consultations, research, data management and analysis and report writing. Liaison and attending meetings with clients and statutory bodies Write ecological sections of Environmental Impact Assessments QC work of junior ecologists Deliver work as efficiently as possible, meet agreed timescales/quality standards and personal delivery targets. Develop understanding about the principles and procedures for project management. Work as part of a team and build professional relationships with colleagues to ensure best use of skills and knowledge. Role will require flexible working with regard to type of work, time and location, potentially including weekend working Sales and Business Development Carry out business development activities to meet personal sales target, from drafting quotes to assistance with tenders or working on sales initiatives as agreed with line manager. Identify target clients and client groups and approach for business development meetings. Undertake client meetings with colleagues and on own. Other Build and maintain productive working relationships across the wider group and carry out other work as agreed with the team manager. Performance Capability Profile Undertake efficiently a wide range of ecological surveys including extended Phase 1 and Ecocheck surveys to more specialist work, for example protected species surveys (for which at least one EPS licence must be held) and mitigation and surveys on railway tracksides Write reports from surveys concisely and meeting timescales and client needs along with desk studies, data management and analysis. Write ecological sections of Environmental Impact Assessments to be compliant with legislation and the needs of the project and client Manage small and medium sized ecology projects within budget and on time and to client s satisfaction Mentor junior ecologists to improve their skills and QC accurately their work Achieve personal and team sales targets through building good client relations and sales activities such as writing quotes, assisting with larger tenders, approaching new clients and undertaking client meetings Carry out all tasks in a flexible, efficient and positive manner, building good relationships within the team you are working. Job Requirements Essential Full driving licence Possession of current certification (e.g. PTS, IWA) enabling survey work on railway trackside to be undertaken (if not it will be necessary to pass this in order to fulfil the requirements of the contract of employment) Desirable Full membership of IEEM For further information on this role or to submit a CV please contact Jack Bartlett on or **** **** **** quoting the reference number ENV****  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business.