Title: Application / Service Engineer (Precision measuring equipment)
Webindex: 69082613
Company: Reed Engineering
Description: Organisation Description Our client is one of the market leaders in metrology systems engineering. Their instruments are used throughout the precision engineering sector and provide customers with high quality instrumentation systems with enable companies to produce work of high tolerance. Job Description They are seeking an additional SERVICE ENGINEER to join the team. Geographically located in the East Midlands (Northants, Beds or East Bucks) you will one of a team of engineers who are be responsible for the service and maintenance of our customer s equipment on site across the UK. Whilst not working directly with customers you will be offering technical and customer support from the companies UK head office and workshop. Your tasks will be wide and varied, taking responsibility for machine installation, repairs, service, customer training and some degree of application work which includes using the companies own software to program the instruments. You need to be confident with customers and demonstrate the ability to deal with all manner of situations you might come across. The company encourages applications from candidates with a background in the service of instrumentation or machine tools. In order to be considered you will be required to demonstrate:  An education to HNC level or City and Guilds level in either mechanical or electronic engineering  A recent background in the field service and repair of capital equipment ideally machine tools or measuring systems (e.g. CMM, CNC machinery, automated production machinery i.e. robots etc)  A flexible approach to working hours with occasional nights away (**** nights per year not weekends)  Confident in the use of IT  A full driving licence with no more than **** penalty points In return the company will offer generous basic salary, company bonus scheme, Company Estate car, phone, laptop and structured, product specific training For details please apply enclosing CV and covering letter Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business