Title: Planning Engineer / Senior Planning Engineer, Central London
Webindex: 69693673
Company: Cobalt Consulting  Limited
Description: Planning Engineer/Senior Planning Engineer, Central London c.****  excellent benefits package. A leading national construction and engineering consultancy is looking to expand their planning engineering team in London. The company: Our client s Project Delivery Team is a key part of Infrastructure and Engineering projects across a host high value projects in the UK. Due to increasing business wins, there is an opening for a Civil/Construction/Rail Engineering Planning Engineer/Senior Planning Engineer to join the London based team. Working closely with a host of clients which will include London Underground and Network Rail, where the business has a great deal of presence, you will become a member of a large and successful team, advising on planning engineering matters. Due to several major framework appointments, they are looking to grow the Planning team considerably over the coming year and in return are able to offer new staff excellent opportunities for career development and project experience. They are looking to employ a Planning Engineer/Senior Planning Engineer who demonstrates an aptitude for taking responsibility for delivering projects, as well as being a key contact for their clients. As a business, they have an open culture and would expect successful candidates to be able to work on their own and also play a part within the team whilst reporting to Directors on projects. The Person:  Be a chartered civil engineer/hold relevant degree within an engineering discipline.  Proficient Primavera P**** planning software user.  Have experience of working on major projects within the rail engineering sector/major civil engineering projects.  Have experience of working for a national contractor organization, and ideally but not essential would be to have experience of working for a Consultancy. On offer will be a competitive base salary, and an excellent benefits package, coupled with the opportunity to join a top level consultancy firm who are confident in their order book for 2013. Apply online or for further details contact ojonescobaltrecruitment.com with your current CV in confidence quoting reference OJ****