Title: Office Technical Administrator
Webindex: 69181134
Company: Group Cytek
Description: GroupCytek, an independent Automation company delivering Automation, Consultancy and Projects to the process industries, is seeking to recruit an Office and Technical Administrator/Project Operations Coordinator for its Engineering Office in Winsford, Cheshire. This is a wide ranging opportunity to develop your career by joining our team to provide Office Administration, Project Coordination and Technical support. You will have an organised and structured approach to your work, able to use your initiative and have the ability to take responsibility. Role  Office and Technical Administrator / Project Operations Coordinator. Qualification  HND/C or Degree in a technical or business related subject. Office Administration Responsibilities:  Managing a small office, day to day office duties using Microsoft based products  Maintaining records / registers / data bases  Client documentation preparation including proposals  Technical Resources Profiles  Mailshots  Updating vendor databases  Management of marketing collateral  Development and management of Case studies Website administration and maintenance  Visa applications/Home Office liaison/visa documentation Project Coordination Responsibilities:  Resource management  review of potential candidates  Main contact with recruitment agencies and online job boards  Completing and submitting customer questionnaires  Managing supplier details  Booking travel requirements for technical and management personnel  Raise draft contract documents  Raise and manage technical personnel assignment document Technical Responsibilities:  Developing HMI/SCADA system graphics/databases  Maintaining spread sheets / databases  Raise purchase orders for hardware GroupCytek Ltd is an established, successful platform independent Engineering Services and Projects focused Automation Company, delivering automation solutions to Industry throughout the UK, Europe, the Middle and Far East. We aim to add value to our Customer’s automation activity. We require high calibre individuals to deliver our automation offering which includes DCS, SCADA and PLC platforms. GroupCyteks customer base includes EndUsers, EPCs and the OEMs. The GroupCytek Head Office is in Farnham, Surrey . It is required that the new role will back to back with the Office Manager in Surrey to ensure both offices have coordinated coverage **** to 17.00 Monday to Friday.