Title: CMMS Lead
Webindex: 69777201
Company: Berry Technical
Description: Computer Maintenance Management Software (CMMS) Lead  York  to ****k plus package A great opportunity has arisen with a leading Facilities Management organisation. You must have a strong engineering background and have experience of manufacturing environments. The role requires someone with excellent stakeholder management experience as you will need to communicate with technicians and business leaders in order to improve all aspects of the Maintenance programme moving forwards. This role is very much a change management role. My client has been tasked with looking at the maintenance programme and seeing how is can be done more efficiently and therefore delivering better value. JOB SUMMARY To lead and support the deployment and operation of technology platform that drives, tracks and reports on the delivery of planned maintenance services across all aspects of the client contract (Hard and Soft Services). To own and deliver comprehensive work schedules across multiple locations in a timely and accurate manner. To engage with client and supplier interfaces to advise, inform and direct as to the system and process needs in order to deliver a seamless and integrated CMMS operation. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following: Asset Register Owner: Identify and allocate new equipment tag numbers in compliance with contract policy/specification. Development of work scope and CTR s for input to contract project estimates as required. Equipment criticality reviews as required. Identification of Safety Critical Elements for input to CMMS. Critical spares analysis, identifying new operational spares requirements, or amendments to existing bills of materials. Life cycle cost analysis as required. Attendance and input to project kick off and progress meetings when required Review of Project Engineering Work Packs to identify and extract relevant CMMS information/documentation. Create and input equipment data to Functional Location upload spreadsheets in line with CMMS Compilation . Ensure new planned maintenance requirements and amendments to existing maintenance routines are identified and updated in line with current maintenance strategies. Maintenance Focal Point/Coordinator for contract projects 3rd party suppliers i.e. Maintenance / Material Master deliverables. Refer to separate set of Brownfield / Greenfield Project deliverables. QA checking of process and procedures. Interface with Operations, Maintenance Support Teams and Help Desk. Maintain a register of all ongoing and completed Project Engineering CMMS changes, issuing regular reports describing current progress. Provide specific CMMS technical assistance to other members of Project Engineering Departments as required, including training and troubleshooting. Ongoing development and implementation of contract CMMS policies and procedures to improve efficiency and continued compliance. Reporting into Cluster Manager Supporting other key areas of the business, i.e. project management and transaction management. QUALIFICATIONS To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The job requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable disabled individuals to perform the essential functions. Comprehensive knowledge of Maintenance Management Systems & maintenance strategy analysis techniques. Competent in the use of CMMS APPLICATIONS. Identify Master Data changes as required. Knowledge of CMMS structure and operating principles. Ability to motivate and engage with others in ensuring the delivery of a seamless delivery of maintenance services Multidiscipline FM knowledge of plant and process systems as applied to manufacturing operations and equipment within both Hard and Soft Service environments Excellent computer competence in MS Office applications. Proficient in creating and reviewing engineering documents & use of document management systems. Able to work as part of an integrated team. Self motivated, enthusiastic with a questioning attitude. Suitable engineering qualification or relevant industrial experience Proven experience in multi site manufacturing operations Proven experience in the field of CMMS OTHER SKILLS and/or ABILITIES MS Project Access Visio Ability to work alone and also as part of a project team. Client Awareness Attention to detail Flexibility in approach to work Flexibility in location