Title: Senior Urban Designer London  ********  Benefits
Webindex: 70219021
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: Senior Urban Designer  London  ********  Benefits A brilliant opportunity has arisen for a Senior Urban Designer to join a major international, multidisciplinary practice of designers, urbanists, architects and engineers. My client works with local communities, for private and public sector clients in creating special and unique places for living, shopping and working worldwide. With their multidisciplinary expertise they deliver; high quality and inspiring designs for a wide range of developments including healthcare, sports and housing. This is the ideal vacancy for a Senior Urban Designer who is seeking to advance their career. The ideal Senior Urban Designer will come from an Architectural background or similar specialism and hold a good degree and master s qualification. Consequently, the preferable Senior Urban Designer will also hold membership of a professional body such as RTPI, LI or RIBA due to the nature of the work and the high standards expected. A wide array of drawing and modelling skills are required at a high level for the Senior Urban Designer. Experience of managing a team of professionals would be highly beneficial as you will be joining a team of four who cover projects worldwide. The Senior Urban Designer Role will involve: Urban Design work across an array of projects both locally and internationally Masterplanning involvement on an array of projects that stretch globally Meeting clients and attending customer interviews to win further projects Aiding a wide range of proposals across a range of sectors including retail, urbanism and education Identifying workable solutions to a wide array of design issues Daytoday supervision of others activities to ensure the department continues its growth Interested? Email your CV or alternatively call me on (Apply online only) for an informal discussion about this position or other similar roles. Commutable Locations: London, Watford, Brentford, Reading, Slough, Hounslow, Bromley, Croydon, Dartford, Enfield, St Albans, Chelmsford, Luton, Stevenage, Gillingham, Maidstone