Title: Tunnelling Engineer
Webindex: 71472902
Company: Advanced Resource Managers Limited
Description: Senior Tunnelling Engineer London Power Tunnelling Projects London **** Company Car Our client is one Europe s leading construction groups with expertise in civil engineering, infrastructure and construction. They carry out all aspects of the construction, development and infrastructure process  from financing projects, through design and construction right through to facilities management, operation and maintenance. They are currently working on one of the capitals major construction Projects and it is this project London Power Tunnels, that they require a senior Tunnelling Engineer. They require an engineer that can join their management team and take on a senior position overseeing the project and running their engineering team. The project is a **** year tunnelling framework to rewire the capital via deep underground tunnels, in order to meet increasing electricity demand and help London access the renewable energy of the future. KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS Application of survey control and TBM (Tunnel Boring Machines) guidance techniques/systems Short term planning and programming works Temporary works appreciation Material and plant procurement BACKGROUND Several years experience as Shift/Section Engineer working in TBM (Tunnel Boring Machines) driven segmentally lined tunnels. QUALIFICATIONS Engineering Degree/HNC or similar in a construction discipline IOSH or SMSTS Temporary Works Coordinator Member of ICE/IMMM For more information please contact Kieran Duggan at Advanced Resource Managers on **** or email kieran.dugganarm.o.uk This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. We will never send your CV without your permission.