Title: Senior SQA Engineer
Webindex: 68364215
Company: Michael Page International PLC
Description: This is an exciting, brand new role, created in order to lead a team in a growing international business. The focus of this role is to develop supplier relationships and the quality process used end to end. You have the chance to improve improve the systems and process currently used by leading a quality team in supplier audits and by monitoring overall supplier quality performance. You will be working closely with both suppliers and customers, which will involve visiting those sites and occasional European travel. Within this role you have the opportunity to develop your career, and further the business activities through strengthening external relationship and ultimately the quality of the product produced. A Supplier Quality professional with experience leading a team in a first tier automotive environment. The successful applicant will ideally be qualified to degree level or the equivalent with a strong knowledge of quality management systems and procedures and tools such as PPAP. You will be able to interact effectively with both suppliers and customers in order to ensure that the quality process are adhered to throughout the business. A leading first tier automotive manufacturer that supply into well known OEMs, striving to improve and develop the business through innovation and process improvement. You have the chance to work for a growing organisation that not only want to develop their products but also their employees. Circa ****  **** Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy.