Title: CNC Laser Operator
Webindex: 69093234
Company: Vickerstock
Description: The below role is just one of many vacancies that we presently have for Engineering Professionals. We recommend that you send us your CV today, even if this particular role isn’t of interest to you. As we specialise only in the Engineering sector; a number of our Engineering/Manufacturing Clients work with us exclusively, therefore you won’t find such vacancies anywhere else but with us Our Client has been a leading Engineering Firm in the Greater Belfast Area. Job CNC Laser Operator/Press Bake The Role: Perform daily machine startup and shutdown procedures on CNC cutting equipment. Stage raw materials at each workcenter for the day’s production. Load and unload machines. Maintain daily dust collector service and associated logbook in assigned area and report equipment deficiencies. Ensure production schedule follow through as allocated by the scheduling department. Assist in loading and unloading team members’ machines when production requires additional manpower to maintain throughput. Perform minor maintenance and cleaning of cutting equipment and work area in accordance with company standards and manufactures machine recommendations. Perform some machine alignment procedures and optic cleaning to keep equipment at peak operating performance. Facilitate workorder paper flow in accordance with TS/ISO quality standards. Check parts on other cutting centers per TS/ISO standards if required. Monitoring assist and resonator gas levels and recommend supply requirements for daily production. Follow us on twitter  VickerStock and our Official Linkedin page VickerStockLtd for all your Engineering Job updates For further information on this contract role contact us on **** or send a current CV using the link below in strict confidence Vickerstock operates as both an employment agency and employment business. We adhere to all relevant legislation and offer services regardless race, age, sex, disability or religious belief. All applications are handled in strict confidence. For further information on the services we supply please visit our website