Title: Senior Assembly Engineer
Webindex: 68217496
Company: Baltic Recruitment Services Ltd
Description: Senior Assembly Engineer  Would you like to work for a market leader in electronic design and manufacture? An established 1st tier automotive supplier, they are rapidly expanding their business and need an experienced Senior Assembly Engineer to supervise a small team of engineers to provide robust assembly equipment/equipment/processes to produce our products with world class Quality and lowest Cost. Salary ****  5% Bonus, Pension, BUPA, Life Assurance. If you are an experienced Senior Assembly Engineer and experience in a high volume manufacturing role, I d like to hear from you. The successful Senior Assembly Engineer will be tasked with these Main Duties & Responsibilities: Selection/Supervision of manufacturing engineers.  Ownership/Continuous improvement of existing assembly machines/processes including:  Module Assembly  Laser Welding  Leak testing  Press Fit connectors  Screwdrivers  Robotic Handling  Moulding Selection/development of new assembly processes/techniques Design/Development of new tooling for existing processes Management of Suppliers for both standard and bespoke equipment Liasion with design centres to ensure product manufacturability Optimize set up/programs to improve equipment effectiveness Ownership of PFMEA and Process capability The successful Senior Assembly Engineer will have the following experience / skills:  HNC/HND or degree in Electronic or Engineering Discipline or equivalent  5 years experience as a minimum in Manufacturing Engineering  Experience of a similar role preferably 1st tier automotive supplier  Supervisory Experience (this role has 9 direct reports) The successful Senior Assembly Engineer will have the following Personal Characteristics:  It is essential that candidates possess drive and enthusiasm  Tenacious and determined to succeed in a demanding environment.  Strong leader, with business acumen.  Keep calm, constructive and disciplined when under pressure.  A good team player with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. The successful Senior Assembly Engineer will receive the following Salary / Benefits Package: Up to **** pa 5% performance related bonus Annually Permanent / Staff Contract Pension Scheme (Contribution up to 5%) Life Assurance Private Health Insurance (Including Dental Cover). Plus company Flexible Benefits options scheme To apply for the Senior Assembly Engineer role Please contact Ross Paxton, Senior Engineering Consultant  Baltic Recruitment with a CV to apply. Tel: (Apply online only). Baltic Recruitment offer recruitment expertise in various vertical markets. My key focus is to offer an excellent service and provide my clients with sector expertise in Manufacturing, Engineering and Electronics sectors specifically. Baltic Recruitment is renowned for its commitment to excellence, innovation in recruitment and a strong work ethic and integrity. These qualities deliver a strength and depth to our service that form the foundation of our success. This vacancy is being advertised by Baltic Recruitment Services Ltd. The services advertised by Baltic Recruitment Services Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Due to the high number of applications, we cannot guarantee feedback on all applications. (url removed)