Title: Forensic Electrical Engineer
Webindex: 69776030
Company: Specialist Solutions UK
Description: Do you have qualifications and experience in Electrical Engineering? Are you a Chartered Engineer and or Corporate Member of the IET? Do you have the ability to communicate clearly both orally and in writing? If so our client would like to meet you as we are recruiting for Forensic Electrical Engineers to train in the field of Fire Conducting sitebased investigations to record and gather the available physical evidence. Liaising with Police, Fire Brigade, Health and Safety Executive personnel, who may be in control of the site. Obtaining details regarding the background and circumstances surrounding the incident by interviewing individuals associated with the incident. Undertaking telephone and Internet enquiries, possibly in liaison with our team of inhouse librarians. Reviewing technical documentation that may include manuals and maintenance records. Consulting relevant standards, regulations and other published guidance. Undertaking technical literature reviews. Providing the client with timely preliminary verbal and/or written advice in a form that can be readily understood by a layperson and ultimately a Judge. Conducting detailed laboratory based examinations. Devising and conducting tests. Preparing reports that may be in the form of a brief letter style report or in the form of a detailed, illustrated report for Court proceedings. Attending client meetings to discuss your investigation. Meetings with experts appointed by the other involved parties as part of the litigation process. Providing expert witness evidence in Court, which will involve being questioned in depth by a Barrister, who will have been briefed by a technical expert. In return you can expect a competitive salary, car allowance, contributory Pension Scheme, medical and other insurances, a relocation package, plus 5 weeks holiday. Essential requirements: Electrical Engineering degree (not Micro Electrical or Forensic) Good ALevels attained before Electrical Engineering degree Practical and relevant work experience e.g. Electrical Apprenticeship Demonstrable handson practical skills that could be house renovations of classic car restorations etc. For a full and detailed job description please forward your CV online today. Specialist Solutions UK is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Specialist Solutions UK is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds