Title: Film Game Sales Assistant, Bradford West Yorkshire
Webindex: 70332849
Company: RTR UK
Description: FILM GAME SALES ASSISTANT Bradford, West Yorkshire Calling all Movie Buffs, Film Fanatics, Video Gamers RTR UK in Bradford City Centre is an outsourced sales company looking for **** people with great sales or customer service skills and a passion for movies, films, and/or video games to sell LOVEFiLM subscriptions throughout Yorkshire Are you at least **** years old able to commute to Bradford City Centre daily? Are you looking for a fun environment where you can achieve your sales goals? If so, we d love to hear from you In just over 7 years LOVEFiLM has become the leading European film subscription service. They want us to help them further increase their market share in Yorkshire by targeting potential customers at their residences because this is where they re most likely to use LOVEFiLM s service. We are looking to work with selfmotivated, ambitious individuals that are looking to grow FILM GAME SALES ASSISTANT REQUIREMENTS:  Excellent sales or customer service skills  Must be over 18 (in order to signup new customers)  Experience using an iPad is helpful, but not required  Smart dress and a professional attitude are encouraged  Must be able to work independently and within a team environment  Movie, Film Video Game knowledge is very helpful in engaging customers  Full time availability is ideal because the more you put in, the more you get out We even offer producttraining sales workshops and ongoing sales guidance to ensure you are set up for individual success. We operate in a performancebased industry and therefore growth opportunities and individual earnings will also be resultbased. Growth opportunities are available because our industry is growing rapidly and we need people to look after new markets and clients. We have multiple sales spots to fill, but we ve already begun meeting with qualified individuals, so DON T DELAY  SEND YOUR CV TODAY In an effort to find the right people to represent LOVEFiLM and help expand our industry, we routinely invite people to spend a full day in the field observing our sales operations. The day is designed to help the decisionmaking process and participants do not receive compensation, but they get a chance to see if the opening is best for them. Simply send your CV through the online application process. Covering letters are not necessary as long as you are prepared to answer questions over the phone and in person. We aim to contact all successful applicants within **** working days of receiving their applications