Title: Tunnel Examining Engineer
Webindex: 70164146
Company: Carillion Plc
Description: We are looking for Tunnel Examining Engineer located in Manchester. Reporting to the discipline Head (Associate Director), this is a key technical leadership role and an excellent opportunity for someone who enjoys the challenge of design delivery at all stages of projects, providing sound technical leadership to a team of younger engineers, who wants to add value to Carillion at both tender and construction stages through ideas and innovation based on proven experience and knowledge and who wants to advance within the company to a more senior role through demonstrating proven managerial and technical ability. Key objectives of the role: Provide a responsive, customer focused design service to external and internal clients including preparation of briefs, scope of works etc, completion of technical tasks as appropriate to complete the works,  Production of designs for projects according to relevant Standards/ Codes.  Oversight and review of designs for projects according to relevant Standards/ Codes.  Direct liaison with clients, assisting them with the development of project briefs.  Management of projects to programme and budget.  Project development including preparation of briefs, scope of works etc, completion of technical tasks as appropriate to complete the works, liaison with clients, stakeholders, other professional bodies and contractors to TPS Consult's  Quality Assurance procedures.  Working with the rest of the team to advance the technical capability of the group to the highest standards. This will include identifying innovative approaches and techniques and presenting technical papers. Additional information: Essential : Location Manchester Degree in civil or structural engineering Chartered Civil or Structural Engineer, Driving licence, Bridge structures inspection / maintenance contract management experience, Client management experience, Team leader Strong IT skills Good commercial / business development trackrecord Desirable  Experience preparing tunnel condition inspection reports, Confined spaces certified, STE**** rail tunnels examination competence (Technical delivery and sign off of tunnel inspection reports will require training to successful attainment of railway industry competence STE****) (Tunnels are generally on closed lines so nightshift working is not a primary requirement in the short term.) Reward car is part of the reward package.