Title: Trainee Quarry Manager
Webindex: 69995322
Company: Premiere People   Rugby
Description: Job Title: Trainee Quarry Manager Location: Peterborough Hours of Work: 2200hrs per year. Average of a 48 Hour Week. Monday  Friday and rotating Saturdays To achieve the company objective as defined annually and to provide a safe and healthy working environment. Manage the safe and efficient operation of company assets to produce quality aggregates within technical specifications on time and to customer requirements. Undertake all tasks with care and confidence, stop and think at all times, follow the Company’s principles of safety essentials whilst complying with relevant work safe, risk assessments and safe systems of work as required. MAIN DUTIES/ RESPONSIBILITIES As a trainee you will experience a real mix of practical, handson experience, together with technical and academic study to ensure the right skills for your future career. Reporting to the quarry manager you will be responsible for the day to day management of the site. You will ensure that all activates under your control are conducted comply with current legislation and company policies. You will be a key member of the management team deeply involved in identifying managing continuous improvements, while ensuring maximum efficiency is maintained. In conjunction with the quarry manager you will ensure that all site KPIs are met within the agreed budget and timescales. Ensuring the production of quality materials that meet customer demand. You will be challenged with maintaining a very high health and safety standard on site. In order to be successful you will need to demonstrate the following:  Excellent communication skills  Excellent organisation skills  Strong problem solving skills  A proactive, self motivated approach to tasks  A high level of commitment to both the success of your site and your own individual success  The ability to engage and motivate large teams to achieve results  Ability to build strong internal and external relationships with key stakeholders This role is an excellent development role and the successful candidate should be willing to study and undertake the relevant development activities that are required for this role and for the future. In particular there will be a requirement to study for specific health and safety qualifications SHE xyz. EXPERIENCE/ QUALIFICATIONS GCSE or equivalent, grade C or above in Maths and English. Computer literate: Competent in Microsoft Office packages and in particular intermediate level excel word. Previous experience of using SAP is desirable but not essential. Additional qualification such as SHE NVQ L**** DAPS, NEBOSH, IOSH or equivalent degree are desirable but not essential. Full UK driving licence Premiere People is a leading national recruitment consultancy with a network of branches across the UK. We have been established since **** and have grown to a marketleading consultancy. We supply permanent or temporary staff to all areas of business covering a variety of different industry sectors. Please be aware that we are receiving an unprecedented amount of advert response. Therefore, if you have not had a reply within **** working days we would kindly ask you to assume that your application has been unsuccessful. However, all CVs will be entered into our live database and we will contact you immediately should we feel that we have something of interest for you in the future. In respect of the above role(s), Premiere People operates as an Employment Agency as defined under the Employment Agencies Act **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TraineeQuarryManager_job55620147