Title: Mechanical Project Engineer
Webindex: 64216178
Company: CareerSure Recruit
Description: POSITION: Mechanical Project Engineer DISCIPLINE: Mechanical Engineering LOCATION: BurtonUponTrent SALARY: **** to **** dependent of experience REPORTING TO: Engineering Manager Purpose of Role: To providing comprehensive project management and general management support across a range of engineering projects. To work with the Engineering Manager and Sales Manager to grow the business and maximise all opportunities for work in the sector/region. To assist with the smooth running of the Burton depot in conjunction with the Engineering Manager and Labour Controller. Main Responsibilities: The management of mechanical engineering projects associated with the new installation or relocation of machinery on behalf of key customers who operate in a high pressure, high quality production/manufacturing environment. Effective planning, control and monitoring, both internally and direct with the client, of projects secured from the quotation stage, through negotiation to contract completion and final accounts Produce quotes and undertake estimating for smaller engineering projects once training has been provided using the Company s standard commercial approach. Provide general commercial and project support to the region to enable budgeted results to be achieved. Effective liaison throughout the sales and order securing process and during contract works with other personnel on a national and international level Achievement of high profit levels through effective contract management, cost tracking and financial control, ensuring efficient utilisation of labour resources at all skill levels and disciplines, subcontractors, equipment and plant suppliers. Reporting on contract performance regularly and to standard requirements, ensuring all potential opportunities, variations and risks are identified and reported to the Engineering Manager as soon as possible. Define scope and methods of work Ensure Contracts secured are sound commercially. Ensure a proactive approach is adopted to all existing and potential customers to build client relationships and boost market share. Ensure a project complies with Safety, Quality and other Company systems and procedures Carry out effective national and international liaison as required. Experience Experience managing mechanical engineering projects particularly with regard to the relocation and installations of machinery Strong general experience of mechanical engineering Educated to an advanced technical level in a relevant engineering discipline, (eg timeserved Engineer or partqualified to HNC level or above). Strong commercial skills and project management skills, particularly: negotiating, planning, estimating, costing and quoting. Strong IT (MS Office) and numeracy skills. Experience managing a small team and controlling, organising and motivating internal labour resources and subcontractors. Knowledge of current H Good financial skills including cost and budgetary controls, accounting controls and procedures through to final accounts