Title: PCB Design Administrator
Webindex: 72442140
Company: E2V TECHNOLOGIES LTD
Description: This role is for a PCB Designer Administrator who will be responsible for the maintenance of the PCB CADStar library and creation of new library parts requested by the circuit designers. Other duties include, PCB design and assistance to the PCB Design Facilitator in managing, checking PCB layouts and documentation, created by the external design houses. This role sits within the Engineering Services department; other services provided by Engineering Services include mechanical design/draughting and numerical modelling (Mechanical and multiphysics computer simulations). Main Accountabilities Maintenance and update of the CADStar library. Creation of new library parts as requested by the circuit designers. Obtain quotations from design house via purchasing, raise orders via SAP and track progress of the orders. Feeding back to internal customers any changes, technical, cost or delivery. Ensure all relevant information to be sent out is on time, concise, accurate and to the required level of detail to minimise errors and queries between e****v engineering and the design house. Collation and reporting of process metrics Work with internal customers to understand future project requirements, maintain spreadsheet. Deliver on time and to budget for all PCB design and ECR changes Assist the PCB Design Facilitator with checking of delivered layouts and documentation generated by our external design houses. Assist the PCB Design Facilitator with their general duties. Ideal Experience Knowledge and experience of PCB design. Skilled in the use of PCB Design software packages.(CADStar) Document and configuration control knowledge. Knowledge of PDM (ideally SAP). Knowledge of ISO 9001. Experience with high density, multi layer PCB design layouts. Experience of control and tracking of work flow is advantageous. Use of ****D AutoCAD is advantageous. Broad knowledge of ‘Microsoft office’ products. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PCBDesignAdministrator_job****