Title: Technical Lead  Electronic Design
Webindex: 69977180
Description: Role Title: Principal Engineer (Technical Lead) Role Purpose: To lead the Design and Project Management activities for a small area of the Business or specific project subsystem/subassembly/Test system including the day to day control of assigned Electronics staff. (Note: The role is suitable for candidates who wish to take their first step into team leadership multidisciplinary teams (sometimes Multinational), including manufacturing and test, delivering tasks and equipment to demanding project timescales.) Accountabilities : Business Delivery  Propose, design, develop and manufacture applicable subsystem(s). Deliver the designs in accordance to specification, time and cost objectives. Develop and maintain the work plans and report progress as required. Load and manage relevant work into other Operations/T&E functions. Workload and resource matching  Assign & lead the necessary people resources to achieve the planned workload. Track the workload for the team and negotiate/implement priorities, as necessary. Efficiency Programme  Continuously improve the performance and contribution of the team for both Project and Functional activities. Identify and Manage local improvement plans for the team. People Development  Continuously develop the technical and personal skills and competencies of the individuals and the team as a whole by personal mentoring, use of on the job and structured training as appropriate. Perform **** reviews for staff as appropriate. Company Culture & international links  Where applicable to the needs of the task, or as part of functional development activities, develop areas of coordination and cooperation with other functions of the company and the equivalent electronics team in France and Italy. Performance Indicators  Tasks achieved to time, budget and technical specification.  Plans agreed and maintained according to project update schedule.  Risk Assessments undertaken, reviewed and maintained.  Progress reports produced as required.  Team Reviews held to assess progress and reset priorities or redeploy resources.  Resources balanced to workload.  Tasks delegated to EE staff and other functions in accordance with company processes.  Improvement actions/opportunities identified and implemented and benefits assessed.  ****'s and staff development activities achieved. Skills and Knowledge  Significant and proven experience in similar roles, preferably in the defence industry  Completion of at least **** or **** major electronic circuit designs. Broad technical knowledge in more than one of the following domains:  Subsystem/board electronic architecture definition from subsystem requirement inputs  Design of Xilinx FPGA devices (including SoC configurations).  Design of Digital Electronics including Microprocessors (e.g Power PC, ARM)  Design of Analogue Electronics (up to and including RF)  Design of Power Electronics (e.g. PSU's Actuator drive circuitry)  Test System architecture definition embracing Electronic, Mechanical and software disciplines Related competence in more than one of the following:  The use of CAE Design tools (Xilinx EDK, ModelSim, Schematic Editors  Zuken preferred) )  Negotiation of subsystem requirements with the systems authority  Writing Subsystem Requirement and associated documents  Ability to provide succinct and accurate reports and presentations  Understanding and working with COTS based solutions  Test design and testability tools (e.g. Labview, TestWay and eXpress) All the following personal attributes are required:  Self Starter with high motivation to achieve demanding technical and project timescales  Strong interfacing and influencing skills  Strong organisational and planning skills NOTE:  There may be a requirement for business travel on a regular basis depending on what project the successful candidate is allocated to. This travel may be within the UK and/or Europe. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK and able to gain security clearance prior to the start date Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.