Title: Engineering Manager  Dual Site
Webindex: 67342431
Company: Resourcing Partnership  Ltd
Description: The Company A young dynamic and ambitious business which is part of a larger national food manufacturing group.Highly regarded producer within its market sector customer base includes both household name brands and a number of the major high street retailers. MAIN PURPOSE To organise and manage labour and resources, including engineering skills to maintain and improve all factory machinery within the agreed budget.Be responsible for the safety of staff controlled and the impact to work carried out in the safety of all other staff, visitors and contractors. To have regard for, and take the precaution such that food safety legislation is not prejudiced during maintenance work. Manage an effective Planned Preventative Maintenance system. This role is **** cover 2 sites  both South and North Wales RESPONSIBILITIES  Manage the engineering function according to the BRC Global Food Standard. Direct and control staff in the Engineering department to achieve the required standards of performance and skill to meet the current and future needs of the business.  Establish engineering maintenance systems for monitoring the condition of production machiner  Propose service and maintenance contractors.  Liaise with the Head of operations, in order to monitor control energy usage with the aim to improve the overall cost, control and efficiency of the manufacturing processes  Liaise with the Head of operations, in order to minimise costs and ensure compliance with regulations/requirements in relation to Packing Material Disposal, Effluent, Climate Change Levy and Product Disposal. Develop strategies for waste reduction, recycling and energy reduction.  Purchase engineering materials and control stock levels within the limits set by the agreed budget.  Monitor plant performance  Design changes to existing equipment, with some emphasis on an easier to clean process .  Inspect and set up testing systems so that production equipment  Agree specification, negotiate price and purchase appropriate capital equipment as directed by the Head of operations. Obtain an input to design from operators who have prime experience .  Implement and control planned systems of maintenance to ensure the proper upkeep of buildings, services, grounds and general fabric of the site in accordance with the BRC Global Food Standard.  Monitor fire and evacuation procedures and fire drills as per the company fire manual.  Promote and enforce company Health and Safety policies, procedures, SOPs, work instructions, Permits to Work and control measures relating to risk assessments. QUALIFICATIONS  Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience.  46 years experience in a FMCG company at an engineering management level.  Experience of implementing Project Management.  Advanced computer skills (PPM tools , Word, and Excel) .  Institution of Occupational Safety and Health (IOSH)  Managing Safely.  Intermediate Food Hygiene.  HACCP trained. PERSONAL QUALITIES  Constant drive, enthusiasm and self motivation with ability to motivate others.  Committed, disciplined and well organised.  Accurate and timely reporting skills.  Able to communicate effectively with people at all levels of the business.  Ability to work under pressure. Due to the high amount of interest that we receive for each of our roles unfortunately we cannot respond to each application individually, therefore if you do not hear back from us within 10 days you have not been shortlisted for this role. Please continue to check our website for any other roles which may be of interest We offer a **** referral if you introduce someone we place – see our website for details This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EngineeringManagerDualSite_job****