Title: Process Engineer (Oil and Gas)
Webindex: 71856096
Company: Jason Adams
Description: Job Title: Process Engineer (Oil and Gas) Location: Great Yarmouth Salary: **** Process Engineer This is a great opportunity to work at our SNS operations in Great Yarmouth where you will report directly to the Engineering Support Team Leader and be responsible for providing Process Engineering support to the Bacton Gas Terminal and various offshore production facilities. This is achieved by attending daily production meetings, supporting engineering modifications and communicating with offshore teams and other discipline support engineers in providing solutions to operations issues across the assets. This is a full time officebased role with requirements to visit both the gas terminal and offshore installation as required by the job. Key responsibilities include Provide support to operational personnel both onshore and offshore to understand operational issues and priorities. Support operations in assessing daytoday process safety related issues by reviewing isolations, risk assessments, drawings, procedural changes and incident investigations. Responsible for recognising value adding opportunities in the field and its associated satellite systems, initiating modifications and processing these through to completion. Act as a process engineering reviewer in the PMP process (Change Management) providing technical assurance to modifications. Provide and maintain communications with regulatory, certifying authorities and equity partners as required. Provide an interface with reservoir and production engineers in understanding constraints and topsides issues. Ensure production losses are investigated and prevented from recurring. Support development of graduates and interns through effective management of their workscopes and activities. Skills/Qualifications Strong operational knowledge of the Oil Gas Industry Degree or Chartered status in Process Engineering Benefits We value and reward our people, offering competitive salaries and a wide range of benefits including: Discretionary Bonus Private Medical Insurance Flexible Benefit Allowance Life Assurance Excellent Pension Provision