Title: Head of Highways  Engineering Consultancy  North West England
Webindex: 68805000
Company: Randstad
Description: Role: Head of Highways  Engineering Consultancy Based: Manchester Package: pound;****k to pound;****k  package Randstad are currently recruiting for a leading Engineering Consultancy, with offices worldwide. They are looking to strengthen the highways division with the appointment of a senior Highways leader to focus and expand on current works with the Highways Agency, Local Authorities and Civil Engineering Contractors. Responsibilities:  To be responsible for strategic highways business development activities in the North West and to ensure business targets are met.  To develop sound client relationships, being alert to commercial opportunities.  To identify strategies and develop emerging opportunities, and to fully exploit them.  To lead, or assist with, the preparation of major proposals.  To monitor the financial performance at District level in relation to agreed financial metrics and KPIs for performance review and to act as the local interface with the operational management at an office and project level.  To manage and grow the current highway engineering resource and to ensure the necessary levels and distribution of appropriate resources locally for the pipeline of work to be delivered efficiently.  To line manage District staff in the performance of their duties. Requirements:  A Chartered Civil Engineer with experience in the successful delivery of highway engineering services to the Highways Agency, Local Authorities and Contractors  Demonstrable leadership and business management experience  High degree of competence in project management  Proven expertise in highway design is essential, whilst a demonstrable capability in highway maintenance and / or asset management is desirable  Successful track record of building client relationships and identifying, pursuing and winning work with both public bodies and civil engineering contractors. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.