Title: Technical Director  Strategic Modelling
Webindex: 67946379
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction An excellent opportunity to work as a Technical Director in the Strategic Modelling sector Important Major Highway Modelling experience The Job About the Role You ll direct and deliver complex Strategic Modelling projects to programme and budget and in accordance with technical standards. Acting as a technical expert you ll provide technical advice on modelling and appraisal methods and audit allocated projects as well as leading teams of professionals and giving technical support to junior staff. You ll also act as Project Director on allocated modelling commissions. About You With a numerate first degree in a relevant subject and an MSc in Transport Planning you ll ideally be a Chartered Professional (CEng, TPP or CMILT). You ll demonstrate expert knowledge of transport modelling theory and methods, data collection, analytical techniques and appraisal methods and will have significant experience of strategic modelling program suites, eg SATURN, VISUM, Cube/Voyager, EMME. With experience and understanding of micro simulation models you ll also have extensive experience of highway scheme appraisal and current economic modelling software including, INCA, COBA, QUADRO and TUBA. You ll have a comprehensive knowledge and understanding of UK Government transport planning policies and guidance, including WebTAG and DMRB as well as extensive and successful experience of undertaking and leading major transport planning and modelling projects including excellent project management, resource planning and financial management skills. About Mouchel Mouchel is a leading infrastructure and business services group that works in partnership with its public services clients to improve the daytoday lives of millions of people. We provide advisory, design, project delivery and managed services associated with infrastructure and business services across the highways and transportation, local government and utilities markets. Mouchel has more than **** staff, a number of offices located across the UK and a turnover of pound;551.4 million. Mouchel Transport Planning has about **** members of staff and an annual turnover of some pound;****m. The business unit works for Central government agencies (eg: the HA), local authorities and private sector clients including developers, land owners and institutions. The Transport Planning business is located at two Centres of Excellence; Woking in Surrey and Manchester. Mouchel Benefits As a new joiner to Mouchel, you will have online access to the full range of benefits available through our secure online website www.mouchelbenefits.com. This is your one stop shop to access and join our range of voluntary and flexible benefits including the WorkSave Pension Plan, plus access to the Mouchel Corporate Discounts shopping portal and the Employee Assistance Programme. Traffic Engineer, traffic engineer