Title: Service Engineer (Industrial Doors)
Webindex: 70438802
Company: Bamford Contract Services Ltd
Description: Our large international client is looking for skilled and experienced Industrial Door Service Engineers to join their team on a permanent basis in the Exeter area. The role is to carry out work in accordance with the instructions issued by their Service Planners in a safe, cost effective manner, to the total satisfaction of their customers. The Specific accountabilities are:  Ensure that at all times work is undertaken to the standard set by Crawford, as expected by their customers. Ensure that customers are kept fully appraised of the progress of work undertaken on site, and advised when the work is completed. Ensure all site activities are carried out in accordance with the Company s Health and Safety Policy, and associated method statements and risk assessments, making sure that there is no risk to self or others. Ensure that product stock (primarily stock in vans) is stored and handled correctly, accounted for correctly, reported accurately once used, and stock levels maintained at the correct levels. Ensure that all tools, equipment, and vehicles provided are maintained to the highest standard at all times, (Owned and hired), and is tested where required at appropriate intervals. By doing what has been agreed provide at all times a reliable service to internal and external customers. Reporting always on completion, or when circumstances change that may affect future planned work. Adopt a Can Do approach with our customers. Ensure that information is passed accurately, neatly, and promptly, to the service office in accordance with established processes. Actively participate in training and personal development programmes arranged by the company. Provide feedback to management on how the company can improve the service offered to our customers. Professionally represent the Company to promote and enhance its reputation. The package is ****k basic  call out fee  overtime  commission  OTE of **** per annum. Company phone and van provided 22 days holiday rising an extra day for each year of service (up to a maximum of ****) plus all bank holidays. Company pension This is a fantastic role with a growing and progressive company. To apply, please visit (url removed) or send your CV to Craig Williams at To view more jobs from Bamford Contract Services, Find us on Facebook bamfordcs or follow us on Twitter bamfordcs