Title: Systems Design Engineer
Webindex: 69121424
Description: Role Title: System Design Engineer  Mission Planning & Control Role Purpose: System Design activities for the development of Mission Planning & Control products Accountabilities Essential  Carry out a full range of systems design activities in the development of a large software product. Conduct technical analyses and investigations, including evaluation and selection of technical options. Prepare reports with recommendations to support the resolution of problems and the improvement of engineering capability.  Prepare a full range of specifications, develop designs in line with specifications and all quality and technical standards, and carry out design appraisals in assigned areas to ensure all standards are maintained.  Carry out investigations into a full range of problems, issues or developments and develop and prepare solutions, individually or as a member of a project team.  Define testing approaches and specify tests in assigned/specialist area(s) and evaluate and make recommendations based on results, including making suggestions to improve test/diagnosis processes.  Lead engineering support activities in the field (and carry out the most complex activities) for specific products and customers to ensure the operability of the products. Ideal  Plan, control and deliver assigned projects or work packages, and make an input as required to crossfunctional projects/investigations, ensuring requirements are delivered to plan.  Prepare system designs within the Model Based Systems Engineering approach using Rhapsody and work with the Software organisation to ensure appropriateness of the design and the implementation.  Conduct system modelling and analysis using MATLAB.  Carry out team planning, risk management and quality activities in assigned areas in line with all requirements and processes.  Provide effective support to customers in assigned areas, delivering solutions to meet the customer's needs and requirements plus the programme plan.  Provide help and direction to less experienced team members to support both their effective working and their development.  Manage and report against the team's work programmes, including analysis of risk to ensure the team delivers its accountabilities. Performance Indicators  Effective working relationship established with team members and customers  Delivery of effective innovative design solutions  Programme of work and associated costs well controlled and communicated  Successful and timely delivery of projects to customer's satisfaction  Positive (enthusiastic and energetic) approach to new tasks  Able to work on own initiative Skills and Knowledge  Degree or equivalent in relevant discipline  Significant, relevant experience  Substantial analytical and problem solving skills  Sound understanding of the system design process (including System and SubSystem Specification, System Test, Integration and Certification)  Practical knowledge of DOORS, Rhapsody and Matlab. Experience of Algorithm development  Good verbal and written communications Problem Solving Challenges  Development of complex products to demanding customers  Delivery of solutions within challenging timescales  Working effectively in a multidisciplined, multinational team  Delivery of robust solutions to support an evolving product range Economics  Programmes of work are to be delivered within an agreed level of effort and funding.  Programmes will last many months. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK and able to gain security clearance prior to the start date. Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.