Title: Geotechnical Engineer  Birmingham
Webindex: 70077373
Company: Randstad
Description: We are currently seeking a motivated and ambitious Geotechnical Consultant to join our Land Restoration amp; Ground Engineering team in Birmingham. The successful candidate will form an important part of the local and regional team and will play an integral role in delivering geotechnical projects as part of this dynamic team. The successful candidate will be expected to technically proficient in the day to day delivery of projects and to provide technical support and training to junior staff. Responsibilities Project Delivery In your role, you would be expected to technically and financially manage and deliver projects through from initial quotation to issue of reports, particularly in the areas of geotechnical site investigation, ground engineering, engineering design (including development of associated foundation design), detailed geotechnical assessment, mining assessment, earthworks and reclamation design and management. You should have a strong grasp of basic soil mechanics and relevant experience of the analysis and design of a number of geotechnical solutions including deep foundations, slope stability remedial works, ground improvement and retaining walls. Technical Support/Development/Training We would look to utilise your current skills and experience in assisting with developing strong technical delivery. A strong motivation to CPD is essential, and the successful candidate would be required to provide representation and input into internal and external technical leadership forums. You will be working towards chartered status with either the ICE or another relevant professional body. Requirements The role provides a clear development path within the LRaGE team, which is one of the most successful and dynamic parts of our environmental business. Key skills and experience should include:  An MSc in geotechnical engineering, soil mechanics or engineering geology;  The ability to complete factual and interpretative Phase 1 and **** assessments;  A strong track record in geotechnical design for civil engineering and building projects;  Experience in the supervision of the construction process including piling works, earthworks and foundations;  Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to generate and technically review reports;  Experience in the road/ renewables / wind farm sector would be advantageous;  Experience of working on design amp; build contracts is desirable;  A clear understanding of the requirements of developers when developing brownfield sites;  Fundamental understanding of the geoenvironmental / land contamination aspects of development projects would be advantageous;  Ability to deliver projects and work within a multidisciplinary consultancy;  Ability to write technically sound and commercially focussed proposals and reports based on a clear understanding of the clients requirements;  Project manager able to lead technical (and potentially multidisciplinary) project teams;  Ability to provide technical leadership and mentoring to less experienced staff;  Strong track record in managing time / tasks and maintaining budget control; and We pride ourselves on delivering commercially focused and innovative solutions to environment and energy related business issues. Our culture promotes a dynamic and collaborative approach to problem solving, delivering global best practice with a focus on selling value not time. We place real value on providing our people with a dynamic, challenging and rewarding place to work. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills geotechnical and engineering and jobs and environment and careers