Title: Site Setting Out Engineer (Civils)
Webindex: 71224254
Company: ASTUTE Technical
Description: Site Engineer wanted for a successful Civil Engineering and Groundworks company based on a project in Ipswich. This a fantastic opportunity for a locally based engineer to join one of the UK’s leading Civil Engineering and Groundworks company involved in the AMP5 framework (Water and Seerage treatment). The sucessful candidate will have a demostratable experience of working as a Steeing out Engineer, Ideally on Water or Sewerage Treatment but not essential, you will however have set out structures, drainage, roads, kerbs and street furniture. What you will be doing The Site Engineer will be employed on a temp basis and will be required 5 days a week on site in Ipswich. As the site engineer you will be responsible for the construction of Roads, Sewers and structures reporting to the Project Manager overseeing the completion of this project. You will be responsible for Supporting the Site Manager in technical and resource matters, enabling safe completion of the works. Setting out Kerbs, Concrete and structures Keeping a daily record of all works Assisting in the direction and coordination of daytoday site activities Weekly site surveys What will you need The ideal candidate will have **** years experience as a Setting Out Engineer and will have a degree in Civil/ Structural Engineering or equivalent experience will be considered Must be fully coherent with all EDM’s What’s in it for you The Successful candidate can expect an excellent hourly rate plus the chance to work for the UK’s Leading Civil Engineering and Groundworks company with genuine opportunitys for further works. How to apply To apply for this exciting opportunity simply send a copy of your up to date CV and covering letter to srobertsastutetechnical.co.uk or alternatively you can call [blocked] to speak with Stuart Roberts who can tell you moreAstute Technical Recruitment / AstuteJobs are acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. We do not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and comply with all relevant UK legislation. We encourage applications from individuals from all backgrounds but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK.