Title: Vehicle NVH Engineer  Acoustic Pack Specialist  ****  ?**** Ltd Co
Webindex: 68823797
Company: Jonathan Lee Recruitment
Description: A Vehicle NVH Engineer  Acoustic Pack Specialist with is required to work within Vehicle Engineering on contract for our Client, an OEM specialising in luxury and SUV/Off road vehicles. Position Description: We are looking for an experienced NVH engineer to join an established OEM team to increase our capability to deliver a wider range of vehicle programs. This position will be responsible for leading and completing the development of acoustic pack on a new vehicle platform for the first application carlines and guiding other vehicle NVH teams in the application of a common approach across later derivatives. The delivery of acoustic pack is a critical building block for the delivery of NVH performances for wind noise and powertrain and road NVH, whilst ensuring efficient strategies are employed to support weight and cost requirements. The successful candidate will have an in depth knowledge of NVH principles and techniques and a proven track record in acoustic pack delivery, primarily for airborne noise. Experience in target setting and component specification are key requirements along with the ability to communicate these requirements to component areas. The candidate must be capable of working both in a team and under own initiative and be prepared to document findings, make recommendations and report out results at a senior level. Skills Required: NVH testing and analysis of vehicles with specific focus on Acoustic Pack Clean UK driving licence Demonstration of ability to solve NVH Acoustic Pack issues at a vehicle level and turn these findings into solutions. Skills Preferred: Experience of LMS test lab for data acquisition and analysis. Experience Required: Considerable NVH experience. Experience Preferred: NVH experience in a Vehicle environment and Understanding of Vehicle Systems. Education Required: Degree Level in an Engineering related discipline. Education Preferred: Degree Level in engineering related discipline would be advantageous. Applicants MUST have proof of immediate and valid eligibility to work full time in the UK. Please contact Jacquie Astall at Jonathan Lee Recruitment on [blocked] to discuss further. Your CV will be forwarded to Jonathan Lee Recruitment, a leading engineering and manufacturing recruitment consultancy established in 1978. The services advertised by Jonathan Lee Contracts are those of an Employment Business.