Title: Lead Test Development Engineer
Webindex: 72485647
Company: New Century Recruitment
Description: This role s prime task is to establish, plan and implement a product, assembly and part test strategy in order to verify that products/parts meet the design specifications and cost targets, either at suppliers or the clients factories. The communication and implementation of the test strategy to enable new product creation, major updates to current products/parts or sourcing changes, to meet that strategy Responsabilities Generate, maintain and help implement an agreed client test strategy for products, assemblies and parts. Specification, generation and control of test software Spearhead a continual improvement regime of test methodologies, including establishing best practices, reducing test and inspection costs, utilising current technologies where appropriate and Design for Manufacture. Ability to acquire and analyse data, predict and mitigate for potential faults using structured problem solving techniques. Ensure timely availability of test requirements specifications and where necessary special to type test equipment. Justification, where appropriate for capital equipment. Generate and manage challenging schedules Establish and maintain an expertise in test process validation. Work closely with suppliers around the world to ensure they have robust processes to deliver to the required specifications. Work with design engineers to improve module interface management. Day to day technical support for the resolution of problems with the clients designed test equipment in the Production Assembly Teams and at Suppliers. Supporting Manufacturing in developing and maintaining safe working practices, particularly in terms of electrical hazards Participation in the Engineering Change Control process including implementation of change notes affecting Test Programs, Test Equipment and Test Specifications Expert signoff of test equipment or test software designs, verification plans, results and reports Expert signoff of test requirement specifications and all related documentation Raise purchase requisitions for purchasing test equipment. Authorisation of engineering change requests. Authorisation of Non Conformance Reports (concessions) Authorisation of amendments to Production documents. Qualifications Electronics degree or similar highly desirable Material experience in electronics engineering which must include recent test experience Knowledgeable about current electronic test technologies and actively keeping up to date with latest developments IPC or other quality system knowledge and experience Ability to use a CAD system and Mentor Graphics s/w or equivalent Analogue and digital electronics design skills Demonstrate an understanding of formal software design in any high level programming language and their applications Lead and drive analytical and problem solving techniques such as FMEA s, QFD s Positively influence design engineers through effective communication Ability to interface and positively influence suppliers on own Readiness and ability to travel in UK and abroad (incl. far east) potentially upto 20% of time Demonstrate an understanding of value engineering techniques Have a project management skills portfolio; planning, communication and presentational skills Respond positively to changes in organisation and processes, be adaptable and flexible.