Title: Site Planner (FMCG)
Webindex: 69597405
Company: SJS Consulting
Description: Our client is looking for a team of Site Planners to join their flag ship site.These roles will report into the Planning Team Leader and Supply Chain Manager and they will operate a rotating shift pattern of both days and nights. You will be part of a high performance team both delivering and supporting other functions to meet challenging team and personal goals. Providing accurate forecasting and planning services to facilitate the management of production, demand and supply requirements, you will actively contribute to defining and continually improving best practice for an integrated planning function. You will be responsible for creating plans from processing to finished goods storage/despatch whilst delivering sustainability targets. Responsibilities in these roles will include optimising customer service levels and product availability by managing stock profiles and providing optimised production plans on both a short and long term horizon. You will identify and report risks to plan delivery, optimising the plan across all departments to prevent delays, minimise waste and reduce costs. Managing the impact of sales demand due to special events, promotions and seasonal profiles, you will perform effective and timely analysis and reporting of KPIs to identify and adopt best practice within the Supply Chain Team and the wider site. Working effectively with other members of the supply chain team to balance work load and provide break coverage, you will be required to support colleagues by sharing knowledge, best practice and offering guidance to raise the standards of the whole team. Developing an atmosphere of change that will positively contribute towards the advancement of all functions relating to the manufacturing operation, you will maintain, use and assist in the development of contingency applications and processes. To be successful in these roles you will be educated to Alevel standard, preferably within Maths or Science related disciplines. You will have previous experience of supply planning / supply chain delivery and a good knowledge of supply chain processes and supporting systems (ideally SAP) within a commercial FMCG industry environment (preferably food, beverage or chilled goods). You will have a good level of numeracy with the ability to manage, analyse and interpret data being proficient in office IT programs especially Excel. In return you can expect a competitive salary and benefits package and the opportunity to work for a forward thinking, progressive organisation that recognises and rewards talent . This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SitePlannerFMCG_job****