Title: Engineering Assistant  Quality
Webindex: 70100465
Company: ATA Recruitment
Description: Engineering Graduates Required  612 month contract  Immediate Start  prorata Salary of ****k Engineering Administration for a multiNational Aerospace company Excellent opportunity to gain valuable work experience Commutable to Middlesex This global conglomerate is a major player in a number of markets including power generation, aerospace, transportation and process industries. With turn over into the billions of dollars they employ nearly **** people world wide. As part of an investment programme they are looking to recruit three graduates to work on a specific project which will ensure compliance of parts that are being manufactured in the UK. This will be for a minimum of 6 months, however this may be extended to up to 12 months. What the Role will Involve: Working on aerospace parts you will be responsible for collating and checking all parts of the compliance documentation. You will be working to the AS**** revision C standards  the worldwide aerospace standard. Liaising with other departments and engineers to gather any outstanding documentation. Ensuring the paperwork meets and passes regulatory sign off. Updating internal records and documentation. What we are looking for in the candidate: A degree, ideally from an engineering environment, as you will be reading engineering drawings. A keen eye for detail, as you will be checking for the smallest details  this could as small as a signature on a sheet of paper. A good work ethic, we are looking for someone who is keen for an opportunity and will grasp it with both hands. This role is working within the ITAR regulations, and as a result some nationalities cannot be considered for this role. What we can offer the candidates: An excellent opportunity to gain valuable work experience with a world leading company. Chance of over time and contract extensions. The ability to apply for permanent roles. Weekly paid directly in to your bank account. If you have any questions or would like to apply for this role please contact Abbie Wilson or Chris Deverson on [blocked], or email your CV to abbie.wilsonatarecruitment.co.uk