Title: Electrical Design Engineer in Warwickshire
Webindex: 68553369
Company: Clemtech
Description: Electrical Designer Job Based in the Midlands Ref **** Electrical Designer Job based in the Midlands commutable from Ashby De La Zouch, Birmingham, Coventry, Daventry, Kettering, Leicester, Milton Keynes, Market Harborough, Nuneaton, Northampton, Sutton Coldfield, and Wellingborough Salary level to &pound**** plus benefits Key Skills & Experience needed are Educated to ONC Level or above in Electrical Engineering 2 years&**** experience in a design role in the Rolling Stock / Railway, Automotive, Aircraft or other similar heavy engineering industry. Demonstrable skills and experience in the use of relevant CAD tools. Experience generating and managing spreadsheets. Proficient in the use of MS Office software Key Responsibilities on a day to day basis will be to Develop Electrical designs to specification requirements Produce CAD models and/or drawings to define the design requirements. Produce additional documentation such as Bills of Material, modification instructions and schedules to support the procurement, manufacture, installation, testing and approval of the design. Prepare for and participate in design reviews covering work undertaken by the individual and by others. Attend meetings as required to gain design approval from internal and external bodies and customers. Participate in validation testing and inspection of first article components. Ensure materials selected are compliant to relevant standards and fit for purpose. Support production staff in ensuring first vehicle build is undertaken correctly Investigate and resolve problems found during production. If this role is right for the next stage of your career development then email your CV for an initial informal discussion The Electrical Design Job Based in the Midlands was posted by Clements Technical Recruitment (Clemtech) Clemtech are a Technical Recruitment Agency specialising in placing engineering, technical and office support staff in both contract and permanent vacancies. From our Head Office we deliver comprehensive recruitment solutions across the UK, Europe and Overseas providing our clients and candidates alike with unparalleled service, support and opportunities. Application for this position and subsequent acceptance to attend an interview for the role as Electrical Design Engineer Job Based in the Midlands will be evident of your willingness to work in the Role This job vacancy is only open to candidates authorised to work in the U.K.