Title: Senior Scientist  Biosimilars Mass Spectrometrist
Webindex: 69669916
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Our client are a major contract development and manufacturing organisation and they are looking for a Senior Scientist specialising in Mass Spectrometry and Glycosylation to join their Biosimilars team based in Berkshire. Important Mass Spectrometry and Glycosylation Analysis Experience The Job The suitable candidate will provide target product profile, forced degradation and method development for antibodies and other proteins being developed by Mammalian Development Services for Biosimilar programs. This role will focus on peptide mapping, Disulpher bond analysis and intact mass analysis. Responsibilities: To carry out target product profile, forced degradation and method development activities in support of biosimilar programs. Characterisation of biosimilar product degradation profiles. Development and evaluation of analytical methods to support biosimilar programs. Preparation of reports to document study data for biosimilar product development and regulatory submissions as appropriate. Study direct studies as appropriate. Final review of study protocols and reports. Representation on biosimilar project teams to discuss project data and activities. Development and mentoring of junior scientists. Candidate Requirements: Essential: Considerable experience in the analysis of biopharmaceuticals. Practical experience of mass spectrometry and Glycosylation analysis is essential. Mass Spectrometry techniques will include: LCMS, LCMS/MS and ESIMS/ ESILCMS Some or all of the following methods would be beneficial, HPLC/UPLC (SEC, IEX, RP, HIC), peptide mapping, SDS PAGE, IEF and spectrophotometric methods. Desirable: Experience of working for a contract research or manufacturing organisation. Experience of study directing analytical studies. Experience of interacting with Customers on project teams. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK