Title: Engineering Workshop Manager
Webindex: 69080311
Company: ATA Recruitment
Description: Title  Engineering Workshop Manager Salary  ****  **** 7% pension contribution, 25 days holiday Location  Aberdeen The Candidate To be successful in your application for the Engineering Workshop Manager position you will need; Level 4 or 5 N/SVQ in Engineering Management, or a degree level qualification in Engineering Supervisory management training Quality Management and HSE training equivalent to IOSH Managing Safely Man management experience Experience with schedule and cost management tracking systems Ability to understand OEM service instructions and bulletins Ability to read PNID s, check sheets and schematics. Experience of engineering machining activity, including milling machines, centre lathes, grinding, drilling machines, tool and die making Expansive knowledge of all types of measuring tools (e.g. micrometers, calipers, etc.). Requires technical aptitude and comprehensive knowledge of rotating equipment, hand tools, and engineering math. Ability to work independently from sketches, drawings, or worksheets. Excellent knowledge of computer based tools including Microsoft Office and Project is required. You will be ensuring that all workshop tooling, equipment and machinery is fit for purpose, safe and available for workshop activity. Other responsibilities include: Ensure that workshop employees follow safety rules and procedures. Maintain internationally recognized site accreditations i.e. ISO 9001, ISO14001 and forthcoming OHSAS 18001 planned 2013. Plan, assigns and review the work of all technicians in the workshop and others assigned to the workshop whether internal or external subcontractors. Assist workshop, technical and project management staff to troubleshoot and identify problems on rotating equipment by determining the root cause problem. Supervise workshop employees to produce comprehensive inspection information, checklists, drawings and reports that are returned to the Project Managers. These reports include inspection findings, recommendations, parts required for rebuild, and dimensional checks as found. Manage effective systems to control time, cost and quality objectives of each repair project within the workshop. Effectively allocate workshop resources to repair activity to optimize resources on each project. Identify and raise warnings for when time, cost and quality objectives are at risk Mitigate nonproductive time, through allocation of workshop resources onto other activity, including Field Service activity, training and precontract preparation Ensure that workshop employees follow the Aberdeen Service Centre Quality Management and Safety Management System. Manage the performance of workshop employees through effective coaching, communication, monthly one to one s and conducting **** monthly appraisals Support the development and training of workshop employees to ensure all skills requirements are in place and employees are retained Support the implementation and management of back up plans to eliminate risk to time, cost and quality objectives Ensure that all workshop tooling, equipment and machinery is fit for purpose, safe and available for workshop activity The Company The client is part of a huge stable group that has been trading for over a century. The business deals with the Design and assembly of switchgear used in AC and DC circuit breaking. They offer excellent training and want to recruit two mechanical fitters who could potentially in the future go onto become test engineers for the business. The company is looking to recruit immediately so please apply for a speedy response