Title: Senior Planning Engineer  London
Webindex: 72662640
Company: Gold Group Ltd
Description: Senior Planning Engineer  London Senior Planning Engineer is currently required for an exciting opportunity to join a specialist main contractor based in London. The organisation is leading specialist in the field of steel fabrication and they are seeking a Senior Planning Engineer to develop planning within their business. The successful candidate will be tasked with setting up the planning function and rolling it out as a sophisticated tool within the business. The Planner will be responsible for support to high profile projects in Central London, building programmes with labour and resource loaded programmes. Candidate Degree qualified within an engineering discipline. Strong knowledge of planning techniques Experience and understanding of big construction or infrastructure projects. Steel frame experience desirable but not essential. This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced planner to take on a unique challenge with an international business. On offer is a salary circa **** plus an attractive benefits package. If you are seeking a new career opportunity within planning and you are interested in the above position then please forward your CV. This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK s leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we ve got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business. Please be aware that we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised and regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview.