Title: Senior Software Integration Engineers  Hampshire
Webindex: 55409802
Company: Roger Jones Recruitment
Description: Senior Software Integration Engineers RJ**** **** to ****  Pension, BUPA, Bonus Hampshire C software integration engineers (ideally with realtime experience) are required due to sustained growth at the forefront of the broadcast industry to work on middleware integration for set top box or Digital TV Systems. You will need a good degree in a relevant subject, experience of integrating complex real time multitasking embedded systems in C, experience of structured problem solving and an understanding of the full life cycle of software development and the importance of integration in this process. You will be involved at the early stages of developing new features working alongside system architects and developers, using your system wide knowledge to define how the new features will be integrated and what equipment and systems resources will be required to integrate and test the new STB features. You will lead complex investigations for leading edge projects, coordinating with a range of development teams to ensure the new middleware features are successfully integrated with existing middleware software, often for the first time. As an integrator you will be using Agile techniques developing embedded C code to add to the test framework in order to test the new features. This code will run on the STB. Current features being added including: home networking, Network Attached Storage (NAS), interfacing with any Digital Living Network Alliance (DLNA) enabled devices, video over the internet and Web/TV applications. Essential Requirements:  Degree in computer science, electronics or communications.  Experience of integrating complex real time multitasking embedded systems in C.  Experience of structured problem solving.  Use of emulators and debuggers on real time embedded systems. Desirable Requirements:  RTOS in embedded environments, ideally Linux.  UPnP and/or DLNA.  Broadcast, DVB, Digital TV. This major multinational corporation has had significant growth over the last few years and continues to work at the forefront of technology and is working on a number of exciting new product developments in the broadcast industry. Recognising that people are its most important asset it has made a commitment to professional and personal development of its staff. Salaries are competitive at each level of experience, combined with offering an excellent benefits package which includes: Bonus Scheme; Private Healthcare (BUPA); Pension Scheme (8% company contribution) and 4 times salary life assurance; Sports and Social Club; Dental Cover; Personal Accident Insurance; 25 days holiday. For further information, please contact Roger Jones. We specialise in technical recruitment, feel free to call for an informal discussion. degree computer science electronics engineering communications c embedded multitasking real time software integration agile stb set top box middleware nas dlna dvb digital tv rtos upnp