Title: Cost Analyst
Webindex: 66674024
Company: Triad
Description: Cost Analyst  Initially 3 months Role will be based majority in Cambridgeshire but travel to Lancashire will be required Triad Resourcing s clients Cost Management team comprises specialist and discipline (civil, mechanical and electrical) estimators providing support to a number of project teams and clients both locally, nationally and internationally in the delivery of both water and nonwater related projects and programmes of work. Cost analysts and individuals with varied commercial and contractual experience also work within the team. This allows the team the capability of offering a fully developed cost management service to support all stages of the project life cycle. The role requires working within or as part of a centralised specialist team or contributing in an integrated team environment either virtually or colocated with the client. The principal offering is cost management best practice and engineering knowledge preferably within the water industry to enhance our client s project delivery process. Skills and Experience Engineering design experience in both water and nonwater projects and programmes of work across all disciplines. Commercial awareness gained working with various commercial arrangements, contractual conditions and/or project delivery strategies. Mathematical, analytical, data manipulation and statistical skills to enable cost models to be populated into the client s corporate data capture systems. Ability to multitask and take responsibility for delivering to time and budget. Competent working in an environment that relies significantly on electronic data handling. Excellent IT skills including the main Microsoft packages (Word, Excel etc.) Able to work closely with the main Client to fully understand and meet their needs and requirements in a cost effective manner. Demonstrate good communication and organisational skills. Able to multitask and take responsibility for delivering to time and budget with minimal supervision. The role calls for strong communication and organisational skills, a high degree of selfmotivation, enthusiastic, flexibility and reliability. Other key attributes are strong problem solving and timemanagement skills. Qualifications Engineering degree or equivalent HNC/HND qualifications will also be considered. Cost estimating capabilities at different project phases which may be either single or multidiscipline (civil, mechanical or electrical). Role is to start ASAP so please forward your CVs to me for an immediate response. For temporary contract vacancies Triad Resourcing acts as an Employment Business and for permanent vacancies Triad Resourcing acts as an Employment Agency. Triad is an equal opportunities employer and encourages applications from suitably qualified candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief. Triad Resourcing is part of Triad Group Plc