Title: CNC Cutter Grinder
Webindex: 68549437
Company: Encore Personnel
Description: CNC Cutter Grinder Coventry [blocked]  [blocked] plus shift allowance Permanent Nights The Role An experienced CNC Cutter Grinder is required to a join an excellent tool making company in Coventry. You will be responsible for grinding standard tools to drawings using existing programmes. You may also be required to modify programmes with fineadjustments and small changes. You may also be required to modify programmes with fineadjustments and small changes. As a skilled CNC operator and tool maker you may be required to support the staff on the diamond finishing machines. In this case, full training and support is provided and you will have the opportunity to advance your own skill set with a new proficiency. The Candidate. Experience as a CNC Cutter Grinder is essential, ideally you would be knowledgeable on Walter machines but will be considered if you have worked on a similar machines ie: Anca, Rollomatic, Schneeberger. A strong team ethic and hard working attitude is required. You must have a number of years operating a CNC cutter grinder, or experience with a manual cutter grinder and the desire and ability to learn CNC. You must be able to read engineering drawings. The Company An extremely successful diamond tooling manufacture who is rapidly growing and looking for decent and skilled people to join their team. They focus on supplying mainly the Aermotive industry with high precision and high speed machining requirement. They can design and manufacture one off form tools or can develop and supply complete project or batch work. The Package This is a Permanent position paying between ?[blocked]  ?[blocked] depending on experience. As this is a night shift you will be offered a shift allowance. There is overtime available as well as a quarterly bonus given to all staff based on company performance. Company Pension is also offered after 3 months. If you are interested in this role please contact Kristy Kenney on [blocked] or email kkenneyencoretechnical.co.uk Encore Personnel are an Equal Opportunities Employer. Specialist Recruiters in the Technical/engineering, and senior appointment sectors. Based in the Midlands, supplying Nationally. Encore offer a 'refer a friend' reward scheme where you could receive a gift of up to ****