Title: Project Engineer Midlands
Webindex: 68217279
Company: Perpetual Engineering
Description: Project Engineer Project Manager designate Excellent Negotiable Salary Salary on application West Midlands The Company Working for a global leader who supplies the oil and gas industry you will be guaranteed an excellent career opportunity with this business. They are a high precision manufacturing business and are looking to significantly increase their turnover over the next 3 years. This has meant new opportunities such as this position for a Project Manager. You will be challenged and the rewards are excellent. The Role The role involves taking complete responsibility for project engineering the delivery of high value engineered products through to the client s most important key customer. This will involve regular contact with a number of stakeholders including the customer, suppliers and internal team members (engineers). There is a separate design team and you will be required to work closely with them in the delivery of a high quality engineering solution. You will also be responsible for technical support ultimately tying together all the relevant parties to ensure an overall success. The Ideal Person The ideal person will have a background in project engineering/ management of engineered products. You do not need direct industry experience however will need to have proved competence in project engineering/ managing a highly engineered product (such as valves etc). You will need to be a dynamic, career focussed individual who relishes working within a progressive business. You will need to come from an engineering background and have an understanding of delivery engineering products under pressure. In relation to qualifications a degree would be preferable however not essential. In Return In return for your expertise you will be given excellent training and development to pursue your career further in the business. The salary is extremely competitive and benefits will match most major businesses. How to Apply If you have interest in this job please contact Rob Bemment direct on (Apply online only). Alternatively please visit our website for more details. Perpetual Engineering Partnerships is part of the Cygnet Group of companies based in Northwich and specialise in providing the best quality contract and permanent engineers to the white collar market. We offer a truly unique approach to other recruitment companies by providing an internal engineering perspective and assessment which is unrivalled in the market. We are looking to add value for both clients and candidates alike with a pioneering mix of both recruitment and engineering methods. If this is a concept you are interested in regardless of your relevance to the position advertised then please send your cv to or call one of the consultants on (Apply online only)