Title: Design Engineer (Precision Mechanism Product R D Medical
Webindex: 72689057
Company: SJB Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Lead Mechanical Engineer Mechanism Design Product Development Medical Bristol, Bath, Newport, Cambridge, Cardiff, Coventry, Leamington Spa, Kenilworth, Rugby, Solihull, StratfordonAvon, Warwick Salary Package typically ****k to ****k plus profit related pay schemes and discretionary bonus We are looking to recruit several exceptionally talented Senior Mechanical Engineers to join a worldrenowned mechanism design and product development team. Once established in the team the successful candidate will be given a high level of autonomy but will also be able to draw on the experience of highlyskilled team mates. They will also be given the opportunity to work on new product and technology development in various market sectors such as medical devices, precision instruments, specialist machinery, and consumer products. The successful candidate will also be encouraged to take on project management responsibilities as well as technical leadership roles, liaising directly with clients with the full support and guidance from other team members as required. Essential Attributes of the Successful Candidate: Wideranging professional experience in the application of critical theoretical skills in mechanics, dynamics, structural analyis,fluid mechanics and thermodynamics, to practical engineering applications. Qualifications: 1st class honours or ****(i) in a broadbased degree in Mechanical Engineering Degree, Aerospace Engineering or Medical Engineering from a university with a world class reputation for engineering Experience: Candidates should have worked in a product design environment playing a key technical engineering role in the development team. They should have been involved in taking at least one product through the complete design process. Experience is required of a range of product types, manufacturing processes and materials that builds on the diversity of your technical training. Creative problemsolving: Candidates should be able to provide examples of novel solutions they have generated that are cheaper, more efficient, smaller and more functional than competing designs.They should also be able to discuss their approach to creative thinking and problem solving. Commercially aware: Senior Engineers are expected to deal with the financial and commercial aspects of projects as well as the technical and creative issues. Project management skills: Successful candidates will be expected to manage significant development projects in parallel with their technical work. This will involve selecting and organising the team, managing budgets and timescales, liaising with and presenting to clients. Team leader and member: Most projects are run using dedicated teams. Senior Engineers must be able to shape, enthuse and lead a project team and work cooperatively with staff outside the immediate team. Technical leadership: Senior Engineers will be expected to assume responsibility for their technical design work and to advise and support the more junior members of their project teams. They will also be called upon periodically to provide technical input into our formal design checking Abilty to learn new skills: Candidates should be able to demonstrate an ability to assimilate new knowledge and information, and should be able to learn and use new skills. Logical and well organised: Candidates should be able to work under extreme time pressure, and sometimes across a number of projects at the same time. A confident and articulate communicator with excellent English: Engineers need to present their ideas persuasively, so good written and verbal communication skills and the ability to think on your feet are essential. The ability to uses a second language to good conversational or business standard such as German, French, Italian, Spanish Chinese or Japanese would be useful.