Title: Experienced Cleaning Contract Manager Required
Webindex: 72241476
Company: FACILITY ASSOCIATES RECRUITMENT LTD
Description: My client, a reputable company who are experts within the Total Facilities Management industry, who pride themselves on their high standard of delivery at all times across all contracts. Their client, a large Food Manufacturing company is a leader within the manufacturing of chilled food. There is now a vacancy for a Cleaning Contract Manager , based in the Northampton area. You will be the key contact for the site, in terms of managing the cleaning and being the “face” for the company. It is Essential that you have previous experience of Food production on a commercial scale, NOT food preparation in a restaurant environment Key Strategic Responsibilities Maintain a safe and professional approach while working on site. Manage the contract services provided by company to the Client. This will be achieved by managing your team of Site Hygiene Managers, Supervisors Team Leaders, Operatives and Administration Assistant resources, thus ensuring a smooth and efficient contract service provision across site. Meet with clients on a regular basis to discuss the services provided and to ensure a good working relationship is fostered. Deal with customer complaints or concerns in an efficient and effective manner, wherever possible, within ****hrs. Comply with all THE COMPANY and Client rules, regulations and policies ensure the Management Team/Supervision/Team Leaders/Operatives and Administration Assistant also meet these requirements. Audit the key operational documentation which your team will utilise in order to maintain due diligence in the provision of the contract services provided by THE COMPANY. Examples of such documents are: Cleaning schedules (daily and periodic), Projects and plans, compliance testing, Inspections, Training Records Matrixes. This list is not a full and complete one, there are others, and it is your duty to know and understand the relevant documentation utilised across the contract, and to further develop it according to the most recent legislations, policies or contract service evolution, with the support of your Operational Manager. Carry out cleaning and related services inspections on site and deal with any nonconformances as a matter of urgency. You will ensure your Team are also carrying out their inspections, such as Finished Standards Inspections, Methodology Checks or adhoc inspections of personnel hygiene and PPE conformance. Maintain staff rotas in such a way as to ensure effective and efficient provision of services without overspend to the agreed budgets. You will assist the Operational Manager in the design of budgets and then you will manage them effectively. No overspend will be accepted unless prior consent is given to you by Operational Manager. You manage the site annual leave requests to ensure sufficient staff are available so to provide the agreed service specification. Take a lead in, and be actively involved in staff recruitment, selection, induction, training and development. Identify training gaps and be proactive so to develop a continual improvement ethos across the contract. Health Safety Responsibilities Ensuring all chemicals are handled and used correctly, in accordance with the relevant COSHH assessment. Ensuring they do not misuse or interfere with anything provided for Health and Safety purposes. Cooperating with their employer regarding Health and Safety. The Contract Manager must also ensure that all accidents, instances of occupational ill health, incidents near misses are effectively and quickly reported, investigated and followed through to conclusions using the systems in place (e.g. Accident and Incident Report Form). You must also ensure that your team complies with such requirements. When trained, you will carry out risk assessments of the tasks on provided site. You will also maintain the PAT register and ensure the annual PAT Testing is carried out by the relevant qualified personnel. Liaise with and manage subcontractors invited by THE COMPANY, to ensure that they are following rules and regulations. They must provide their method statements and risk assessments prior to any work commencing on behalf THE COMPANY and the Contract Manager is responsible for inspecting such paperwork is provided and that it is fitforpurpose. (THE COMPANY H S Manager will provide support wherever required). Carry out regular inspections of H S Systems, documentation, equipment, PPE, practices and personnel, so to develop and maintain a safe working environment. Inform your client of any inadequacies; malfunction or design issues with regards their equipment, building fabric or processes so to improve the H S for all personnel across site. Hold and attend regular H S meetings with your team and those held by the client. Maintain accident statistics/trends analyses in order to provide information necessary for continued improvement and accident reduction. Essential Skills COSHH Awareness TUPE understanding Risk Assessment / Accident Mgt Disciplinary Grievance Training IOSH Managing Safely HACCP Basic PC skills (Word/Excel/Email) Environmental Awareness Chemical Testing Swab Taking High Risk Key Inspection Points: post cleaning Daily Hygiene Reports This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ExperiencedCleaningContractManagerRequired_job****