Title: Lead Maintenance Engineer
Webindex: 68709127
Company: MTrec
Description: The Company This rare and unique opportunity has arisen with one of the North East’s most well established and highly regarded FMCG manufacturing companies. The Maintenance Manager is now looking to appoint a skilled and experienced Maintenance Engineer with some team leading/supervisory experience and support him in all aspects of running the department. This role will provide you with an opportunity to develop your team leading skills, be involved in budget preparation, and participate in high profile projects. The business is very secure and is investing in their manufacturing facility; if you are looking for a career move you will genuinely be interested in this role. The Role To ensure timely and effective remedial repairs are delivered to production. To develop and deliver an effective PPM equipment schedule. To ensure professional repair standard adherence and compliance with all H S legislation requirements. To effectively deploy and manage support engineering team. To identify and procure cost effective components. To control and manage monthly expenditure to prescribed fiscal levels. To identify and deliver minor building remedial works – direct and indirect. To ensure statutory compliance is delivered – PAT testing , Fire Manual routines ,COSHH, Risk Assessments, Internal and External Audits etc. To identify and implement minor project initiatives to completion. To promote, develop, and implement initiatives raised through a structured CI process. To assist the Maintenance Manager with site Capital expenditure requirement proposals and implementation. Determine staff training needs, internal/external as required to ensure staff are fully trained to fulfil their roles. Initiate statutory refresher training as required. Responsible for the timely individual appraisal of their engineering staff/team. Responsible for staff management including records, attendance and discipline. To effectively communicate and brief staff regarding company issues developments and instructions. To be part of the factory key holder out of hours contact group. To ensure appropriate levels of component support are maintained. To deliver best value for money through a system of competitive tendering. To ensure accurate invoice processing records are in place and appropriate sign off protocols are adhered too. The Person It is essential you have some form of supervisory/team leading experience. The Maintenance Manager is looking to appoint a “number ****” in the department so he will need the right person to have exposure of developing and leading a team. You must be multi skilled and have completed a recognised apprenticeship. Experience of working in a high volume, modern manufacturing facility. Happy to work a 2 shift system. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LeadMaintenanceEngineer_job****