Title: Field support engineer
Webindex: 69801697
Company: Hays
Description: Introduction The role will be (home) based from the M4 corridor region, as well as travel throughout the UK. This includes installing, commissioning and demonstrating a range of Low Voltage products to the both the Rail and Electrical utility distribution sector. It involves supporting and exceeding customer expectations and also working with the UK sales team. The successful candidate would need to manage their own schedule and be able to submit technical reports. We are looking for a candidate with a 'can do' attitude. Job Specification The successful candidate would be responsible for all technical support for the range of LV products. There is a strong emphasis on demonstrations, customer training, installation and onsite service. You should be confident and have good interactive skills. You will be providing technical field services and support to customer equipment based in the UK. In addition, you will take responsibility for ensuring compliance with the customer's Safety Environmental policies and procedures. You may be required to provide technical support outside normal working hours and will need the ability to work overtime/overnight stays at short notice. Occasionally weekend work may be required. Qualifications required for role: Qualification in Electrical/Electronic Engineering **** years in a customer focused role A recognised qualification in Health Safety Hands on experience with Low Voltage equipment Experience of the UK LV Distribution Network Full driving licence Skills include: Ability to work on own initiative with a proactive and forward thinking approach. Excellent communication skills and the ability to work effectively as part of a small team. Ability to multi task and prioritise workload. Must be PC literate and familiar with MS Office Applications Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Fieldsupportengineer_job****