Title: Contract Manager M & E
Webindex: 65892881
Company: Norland Managed Services
Description: Contract Manager  M E We are a leading privately owned hard services facilities company and we are looking for a Contract Manager to be based nationally . The Contract Manager will be responsible for the management of the mechanical and electrical contracts and running of several corporate facilities. The Contract Manager will also have full financial responsibility of the contract. The ideal Contract Manager will come from an M E background. Key Responsibilities of Contract Manager Provide leadership, and that contractual commitments are met and exceeded. Ensure that opportunities for the strategic development of the contract are exploited, to deliver increased turnover and profitability, ensure additional services and projects are added, and contracts are rewon on retender. Ensuring business policies and processes are effectively communicated, and implemented within the contract. Ensure the provision of healthy and safe working conditions and that both clients and Company health and safety policy and process is effectively implemented across both the business and subcontractors activities. Ensure contracts are staffed by fully competent teams, ensuring post holders are fully competent, and that effective succession planning arrangements are in place. Working with other Operational managers to ensure the collaborative development of the business, effective team working, and support to colleagues. Development of contract financial plans for revenue and profit delivery, reduction of WIP, debt, cost reduction and contract growth, and ensure that these are met and exceeded. Promoting and maintaining the core Values of the business. Supporting the sales process through solutions development, participation in presentations and consultation meetings, hosting visits, and support to mobilisation as required on new contracts. Accountabilities for Contract Manager Accountable daytoday to the relevant client contacts. Line management responsibility for a contract team and indirectly for relevant subcontractors. Financial responsibility for the delivery of Plan commitments for the contract. We take our commitment to equal opportunity seriously and value the benefits of having a diverse workforce.We will never knowingly discriminate on the basis of an individual’s characteristics or circumstances.If you want to work with one of the most successful businesses in the industry and believe you will fit in to our exceptional team, we want to hear from you. Due to the expected interest in this role, only candidates that have been short listed will be contacted. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ContractManagerME_job****