Title: Production Manager/Supervisor – Manufacturing
Webindex: 71764534
Company: Anderson Recruitment Ltd
Description: Our expanding manufacturing client based in Gloucester is currently recruiting for a permanent Production Manager/Supervisor. Reporting to: Manufacturing Manager Direct reports: 2 x Cell Leaders and **** direct staff working over 2 shifts Principal Duties and Responsibilities:  Controls and manages slab manufacturing plant to ensure the following key performance measures are achieved: Reaching key output target of **** completed slabs per day 5 days per week Working with Cell Leaders to maximize the output through the efficient use of available labour. To ensure that quality targets are met and corrective action is taken in a timely manner to correct faults. To ensure that everyone in the plant follows and adheres to Health and Safety requirements and that they lead by example how people should perform their roles safely. To implement training and development programme for staff to ensure that we have sufficient skilled resources in key areas to be able to develop the business. To develop and maintain high levels of housekeeping and organization throughout the workplace and promote good housekeeping at every level. To develop processes to be able to increase throughput and/or reduce labour. The person   Individual should be passionate about making business work and be strong leader of people.  Should be organized in the way in which they approach their work and have clear sense of what can be achieved.  Able to manage general labour relations issues such as managing attendance, discipline and performance against targets. Background   Skilled production manager/supervisor who has controlled a mix of automated and labour intensive processes across more than one shift.  Experience of working with mixed ability and experience of staff and comfortable with directing and managing such staff to achieve high levels of throughput.  Ability to think on their feet and react positively to changing demands on capacity and production schedules.  Computer literate and comfortable with MRP systems. To apply for this role you must have the relevant experience clearly outlined on your application. The production unit can currently run between 6am and 12 Midnight. This role will be based on a standard **** hour MonFri, 8am – 5pm week, however the individual should be flexible and may need to work longer hours at times to meet the needs of the business. Salary  ****k  This salary may be negotiable for the right person, if you are interested in this position and you have the relevant skillset please email your CV outlining your salary expectations.