Title: Operations Utility Engineer
Webindex: 71631886
Company: Advantage Technical Resourcing
Description: Operations Utilities Engineer  ********  Hersham Scope Specialist technical support and expertise for the cooling water and boiler water utility systems associated with our client s operating plants in Europe, Africa, and the Middle East. These plants include Air Separation, CO, CO**** and Hydrogen plants, ranging in size from small to worldscale. Global leadership in development and communication of best practices around water systems. Regional leadership in our client s sustainability efforts around reduction of water use. Regional leadership in establishing and maintaining utilities systems and treatment programs that prevent fouling and corrosion of equipment, maximizing plant energy efficiency while minimizing maintenance, chemical, and water costs. Responsibilities Global Lead the global Community of Practice on water treatment Develop and coordinate best practices around water systems; drive implementation regionally Proliferate crosssite solutions to improve site performance via the Community of Practice on water treatment Drive the development/improvement of Engineering Standards for utilities equipment and system design through the Water Treatment Community of Practice Regional Maintain an overview of all utilities systems in the region. Drive efforts to reduce water usage in line with company sustainability efforts Serve as Single Point of Contact between global water treatment supplier and operating plants/engineering. Work closely with suppliers of water treatment chemicals, services, and equipment (e.g. cooling towers) to ensure expected requirements and standards are being achieved Provide advice to adhere to Legionella regulations to minimize the occurrence of issues in company systems Technical Support Provide specialist troubleshooting of utilities issues as they arise at the operating plants Provide advice on the requirements for handling the utilities on new plant proposals and projects Carry out Root Cause Analyses into water treatment issues Review any systemic water treatment issues to improve reliability Asset Management Conduct performance tests of cooling water systems to identify improvement opportunities Ensure best practices are being followed in both cooling water and boiler water systems Develop and execute improvements to utilities systems on existing installations Coordinate efforts at individual plants with Line Management, plant staff, and suppliers of water treatment equipment, chemicals, and services. Required Qualifications and Experience Graduate Chemical Engineer with at least 3 years experience, preferably with knowledge and experience of water treatment. Individuals with other technical degrees will be considered if they have a background in water treatment. Selfmotivated with good communication and interpersonal skills Able to work individually as well as within multidiscipline teams It is essential to hold a valid passport and driving license and be willing to drive on the Continent Although normal working week hours would apply, some flexibility would be expected to respond to major plant problems. An essential ingredient will also be a willingness to travel to any site location for short durations. If you are interested in applying for this position please respond with CV to Advantage xPO is in the top 1% of staffing companies in the world. With a truly global footprint. Advantage xPO specialises in recruitment outsourcing. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Advantage xPO: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work