Title: Mechanical Design Engineer x ****  Senior and Intermediate
Webindex: 71088672
Company: JAM Recruitment
Description: Are you a Senior or Intermediate level Mechanical Design Engineer looking for your next challenge? Do you have experience in the design of engineered products using a ****D CAD software package? If so read on as this could be the ideal role for you The client I am representing is an industry leading technology company and due to a sustained period of growth, are currently looking for a Mechanical Design Engineer to apply engineering skills in mechanical design engineering or the development of fuel cell stacks and systems. The responsibilities of the role are; Implement engineering skills in the mechanical and thermofluid design aspects of fuel cell stacks, systems and components. Use a high degree of innovation and technical judgement to interpret Programme Manager requirements and devise appropriate solutions for novel and complex problems. Understand resource requirements, risk and technical quality to ensure delivery of effective solutions to problems. Operate change management during engineering drawing updates, to ensure that configuration control is maintained, and best practice/lessons learned are shared effectively amongst peers. Apply safe design of products and systems, with particular interest in hydrogen safety, pressure and machine safety. Understand any standard tests and acceptance criteria for stacks, systems and key components relevant to the design, to ensure effective programme/customer delivery. The requirements for the role are;  Degree level qualification in Mechanical Design Engineering OR relevant industrial experience.  ****D CAD software use and proficient drafting of engineering drawings  Excellent knowledge of mechanical engineering and design of systems  Knowledge of manufacturing processes for prototyping and concept development  Application of standards, codes and regulations to design  Application of appropriate calculation methods for mechanical design  Experience of Solidworks would be advantageous however is not essential. To apply for the role, please submit an up to date copy of your CV in response to this advert or for more information, call Ian Moore. JAM Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position.