Title: Embedded Systems Engineer
Webindex: 68593439
Company: Polar Recruitment Services Limited
Description: Polar Recruitment are looking for an experienced Embedded Systems Engineer to join a market leading client that due to rapid expansion and success, the Group has created this new position in the R D department to work with the Marketing and Sales functions to understand, capture and help translate product requirements into a format suitable for a development team. Job purpose Liaise with Marketing and Sales departments to capture and clearly document requirements. Understand the design process and be able to generate software requirement documents. Use knowledge of embedded software design with previous experience of writing software to contribute to the software design process. Use knowledge and understanding of PC application software design to assist in the design process. Work with the software suppliers to ensure that all software deliverables meet requirements and standards. Key duties and responsibilities Translate specifications into software requirements documents for implementation by the software team. Plan, coordinate and report the functional development, testing and release for a specific application throughout the product lifecycle with internal customer. Provide leadership to functional development teams both internally and offshore. Lead system integration and testing requiring development work on bench rigs. Utilise UML as a means of communicating complex concepts to the software team. Write use cases (or similar tool) to allow proposed system designs to be validated before detailed coding. To review Code (ANSI C/Delphi C++), test harnesses and coding practices to ensure that professional and robust code has been generated. Key requirements and qualities Essential: Delivery in a technically and commercially challenging environment. **** or better degree in Software engineering/system design with at least 10 years of relevant post degree experience Proven understanding of software/systems design, tools and methods. Knowledge of using realtime embedded software (C language) to support algorithm development activities. Experience of writing formal software requirements specifications.  Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. Desirable:  Experience of line managing a small team of software engineers.  An understanding of analogue digital electronic hardware.  Knowledge of the PMR/Tetra radio industry.  Experience of tackling complex UIF design.