Title: Design Engineer  Oil & Gas  Yorkshire  ****
Webindex: 69693539
Company: Huxley Associates
Description: Mechanical Design Engineer  Oil & Gas  South Yorkshire  Permanent  35000 One of the most well established Oil and Gas companies in South Yorkshire is looking for an experienced Mechanical Design Engineer to be part of their organisation on a permanent basis. This global company are renowned for their high quality products and designs that they supply to the Oil and Gas/ PetroChemical industry. The successful Mechanical Design Engineer must demonstrate excellent analytical skills and a understanding of engineering concepts to contribute to the concept, development and design of complex components, subsystems or processes. This will ensure that they can provide products and systems that meet or exceed the requirements and expectations of their global customers. Please be aware that my client is looking for a confident and selfdriven individual that can match their commitment to high standards and quality. You will be joining a fantastic team and taking ownership for designing of both new and existing products manufacturing, testing and commercial activities. The main function of this role includes experiencing opportunities to travel to their other locations worldwide too. This South Yorkshire location pride themselves on having more familylike environment due to their size but with a multimillion pound backing so your input is acknowledged. Key Features for the role: Reporting to the Engineering Manager, carrying out engineering activities and provide technical services Pressure vessel or pipipng design Steel platform or fabrication experience (desirable) You will have: Degree in Mechanical engineering (HNC / HND also considered) minimum 4 years experience as a Mechanical Design Engineer within Oil & Gas or Petrochemical industry Experience using AutoPlant or AutoCAD  An understanding of pressure vessels is advantageous for this specific job.  Piping experience in Oil & Gas or Petrochemical industry. If you want to be part of a growing company with international opportunities, I look forward to hopefully adding you to my shortlist for this role. Benefits Long term development Opportunities to work and train to their global locations To find out more about Huxley Associates please visit www.huxley.com