Title: Sustainable Technology Specialist
Webindex: 72635605
Company: Matchtech Group Plc
Description: One of the world s leading renewable energy generators has a new opportunity for a Sustainable Technology Specialist to join their team in Liverpool. Main Purpose of Job: You will be an engineering specialist working on a wide range of innovative sustainable and low carbon renewable heat and power energy solutions to evaluate and develop their application in support of key strategic client initiatives and developments.  Investigate low carbon, energy efficiency and sustainability.  Conduct energy profiling for industrial, commercial and private and public sector sites to suggest energy efficiency initiatives. Create energy management strategies and carbon management plans.  Develop analytical tools and data sets (including energy supply, demand, carbon emissions and economic factors) that will guide the development, selection and integration of Technology Programmes.  Develop client capability to carry out innovative energy profiling techniques for a wide range of sustainable low carbon technology and infrastructure.  Prepare feasibility studies for implementation of appropriate renewable and sustainable energy technologies and measures for industrial, commercial and private and public sector clients.  Development of Energy and Carbon Masterplans. Experience required:  Experience of a wide range of renewable and embedded generation technologies and their application including wind, small scale hydro, biomass, solar thermal & PV, CHP with District Heating Networks, energy from waste.  Experience in design and modelling of distributed energy and low carbon and sustainable heat and power generation technologies.  Degree qualified in relevant engineering discipline.  Qualified energy assessor (EPC & DEC), BREEAM Assessor or a registered Low Carbon Consultant. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy