Title: Technical Authority
Webindex: 72440690
Company: E2V TECHNOLOGIES LTD
Description: e****v is a leading designer, developer and manufacturer of specialised components and subsystems. These products enable some of the world's leading OEMs to deliver innovative systems for medical and science, aerospace and defence, and industrial and commercial applications. The Industrial Processing Systems  Business Unit (IPS BU) is focused on the development and delivery of material processing solutions into a range of high value industrial applications. The growth of the Business Unit is dependent upon the rapid development and deployment of new innovative High Power systems. The Technical Authority is the technical lead on a project and or programme of projects and is the single technical point of focus for the various activities of a design, development and manufacturing project The aim of this appointment is to provide clear technical leadership separate from, but supporting, the Project Manager. The Technical Authority has accountability for delivering against the technical aspects of a project. Main Accountabilities: System/Product Design and verification Ensure that the technical requirements of the program / project and the Customer (internal or external) as defined by the Project Scope, Specification and Statement of Work are met and that this can be/has been demonstrated. Challenge designs for cost, quality and manufacturability, ensuring best practice and principles (such as DFx FMEA) are used to ensure sound designs, and cost effective manufacture. Technical Leadership In conjunction with the Project manager and Engineering Managers, develop clear work packages and identify appropriate resources to deliver the project. Product Control Ensure that the appropriate equipment, processes and documentation (the Product Build State) exists for the correct manufacturing of the Product. Technical Support Provide technical support to: Project/Programme Manager Project Team Members Suppliers/Partners Customers Bid Managers Risk Management To manage the technical risk on a project and to implement mitigation activities as appropriate. Technical Assessment To support the compiling of technical project proposals based on project scope documents to meet the aims of the project. Review project specifications and advise on feasibility of proposal Improvement Identify opportunities for continuous improvements of Project process and procedures and support improvement opportunities. Development of others Provide training and support of engineers on a onetoone and group basis. Requirements will be identified by TA’s, engineering managers and individual engineers as appropriate. Ideal Experience: Degree or equivalent qualified in Physics or an applicable Engineering discipline, or experience of similar professional engineering work (preferably within high power RF/Microwave ) Knowledge of RF/microwave principles and experience working with microwave/RF subsystems Demonstrable experience of leading a group of engineers Technical project / WP management experience. Experience of working within a Systems Engineering framework. Use of electrical, thermal, microwave test and measurement equipment, Experience of the commissioning of test equipments and high voltage systems. Knowledge of industrial compliance requirements including legislative, EMC/EMI environmental testing Knowledge of industry standard interface protocols Knowledge of design fundamentals and tools, mechanical construction, assembly Demonstrable skilled use of structured problem solving approaches . This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalAuthority_job****