Title: Principle Electronics Engineer  FGPA
Webindex: 67946738
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction A Principle Electronics Engineer with FPGA skills and high speed digital design is required to work for a small engineering organisation. You will be expected to design, develop and take though to production new and current hardware designs. Important FPGA, High Speed Digital Design, VHDL, Signal Processing The Job You will be joining the Product and Systems Group which provides the technical strategic management; design, development and support of all computer and electronic sub systems, mechanical instrumentation systems and software applications within the organisation. Although FPGA skills are essential you will need to demonstrate allround engineering skills and a deeper knowledge from a systems perspective. For example, you will need to know what you are coding as opposed to just using VHDL. Key Skills in order of importance; Signal processing algorithms to include as a minimum FFTs, correlation, convolution, filtering and data conversion, digital video processing High Speed FPGA design, VHDL, ModelSim, simulation and implementation. Mathematical modelling used in DSP hardware and software designs Completely fluent with Altera and Xilinx ISE tool sets Calculation of system performance and power budgets using tools like Simulink Provide technical input at all stages in the project from marketing concept through to full production, installation, commissioning and customer after sales support. OrCAD, PSPICE, LabView design, simulation and implementation. Hardware design for EMC, RoHS, temperature, vibration and safety ISO9001:**** documentation standards for all specifications and designs Implementation of In Circuit testing, Functional testing, JTAG and test specifications Installation and commissioning of equipment on customer sites which may involve travel and extended periods away from home European languages useful Chartered Engineer desirable This represents an excellent opportunity for a classical engineer who enjoys working from concept through to production in a small team environment where communication and collaboration is key to the success of the business. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK