Title: Power Electronics Engineers
Webindex: 70167768
Company: Electus Recruitment Solutions
Description: Job Title: Power Electronics Engineers Area : West Midlands, Staffordshire, Rugeley, Stafford, Lichfield Salary: circa ****k (Neg) plus benefits Due to the nature of work undertaken at our client s site, incumbents of these positions are required to meet special nationality rules and therefore these vacancies are only open to sole British Citizens. Applicants who meet this criteria will also be required to undergo security clearance vetting, if not already security cleared to a minimum SC level. Start date:ASAP Company: Our client is a major client working in the defence, security, transport and power/ energy industry with a long, consistent track record of development and growth. Job Description: Opportunities exist for Power Electronics Engineers to design, manufacture and supply novel power dense static converters and motors. Delivering robust and cost effective power electronic solutions to a range of applications such as submarine power systems, high integrity power supplies, naval propulsion and specialist drive systems . Skills/experience required are Degree or equivalent in electrical or electronic engineering discipline. Understanding of power converter design and application. Exp of Power electronic products ****0V ac supplies and switching in excess of 100 Amps plus detailed knowledge of digital control of asynchronous and permanent magnet machines. MATLAB, SIMULINK is ideal although training can be provided on simulation tools. Ideally you will have a understanding of asynchronous and permanent magnet machines. They offer excellent benefits ie pension, bonus, childcare vouchers, employee assistance programme. Key Words: Power Electronic Engineers, Senior Power Electronics Engineers, Intermediate Power Electronics Engineer, Principal Power Electronics Engineers, MATLAB, SIMULINK. Electus Recruitment Solutions provides specialist engineering and technical recruitment solutions to a number of high technology industries. We thank you for your interest in this vacancy. If you don t hear from us within **** working days please presume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. You are of course free to resubmit your CV/details in the future and we shall assess your suitability at that time. Services advertised by Electus Recruitment Solutions are those of an Agency (perm). This role is a permanent positionElectus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy