Title: Mechanical Project Engineer / Mechanical Engineer
Webindex: 64809289
Company: ASC Connections Ltd
Description: Mechanical Project Engineer / Mechanical Engineer ****  **** Bromsgrove, Droitwich, Redditch, Worcester, Alcester. Worcestershire The Role The role of Mechanical Project Engineer / Mechanical Engineer has come about through ongoing business growth, and requires an experienced engineer to define, evaluate, and prepare project documentation related to Mechanical Machinery. The key duties and responsibilities for the position will consist of the following:  Interpret order requirements to coordinate assignments and establish accountabilities for Quotes, Sales, Engineering, Quality Assurance, Procurement, Production, and Shipping.  Review customer purchase order amendments.  Work with Production to revise assembly and parts list drawings to correspond to changes made to detail drawings and bills of materials.  Handle customer requests for assistance or complaints and initiate response and/or take corrective action as required within the scope of the project.  Liaise with customers and suppliers on specific projects including technical meetings, as required.  Write programmes for PLC's as required.  Produce a full range of layout assembly and detail drawings, and specifications.  Prepare bills of material as well as revised submittals to the customer for approval.  Monitor the progress of project equipment through design and build, and helps resolve any issues impacting progress.  Monitor project costs and/or adjustments, paying attention to the original margins set and advising management when deviations occur.  Visit suppliers as necessary to ensure good technical understanding/compliance.  Develop project time estimates and product cost comparisons, and select materials, commercial parts and technical data.  Oversee production processes, suggesting changes in working methods or sequences.  Create test procedures for projects and oversee factory acceptance tests.  Coordinate and maintain all Engineering documents, and design change information at the facility.  Investigate and keep management informed of problems in shipping projects in compliance with customer's target receipt date.  Liaise with Shipping Department as required. The Successful Candidate The successful candidate for the position of Project Engineer will preferably have the following skill set and experience:  Bachelor's in Engineering (or international equivalent).  Proficient in appropriate computer software (i.e. CAD/CAM, Microsoft Office, etc).  Knowledge of Mechanical Design  Knowledge of PLC's.  Experience within a manufacturing environment.  Project management experience; ability to interface with all levels of engineering, procurement, shipping, production, etc. and develop excellent working relationships with customers. The Company The company is a Global Leading Manufacturer of Compressors, Pumps, and Fuel Systems, supporting a number of industries including the Automotive and Power Generation. Unfortunately the client are unable to accept applications from candidates who require sponsorship or visa's. ASC Connections is a leading recruitment business specialising within areas of both technical and business services. We operate as an employment business or an employment agency for all temporary and permanent roles respectively. For an extensive range of job opportunities please visit our website at www.ascconnections.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MechanicalProjectEngineerMechanicalEngineer_job****