Title: Technical Manager  Bakery Specialist
Webindex: 72441641
Company: HPR Consultancy Ltd
Description: Technical Manager – Food Manufacturing multisite Location: West Yorkshire Salary: ****  benefits This position leads the two sites technical resources to assure the ongoing production of high quality and safe food products that comply with product specification and meet or exceed customer and consumer expectations. As a senior member of the site staff, the position is responsible to implement all quality systems, assure effective change management and drive continuous process improvement. You will provide a high degree of technical management to ensure the food safety of all products being produced and packaged. You are detail oriented and able to manage multiple priorities. Engage with the team as you collaborate with many diverse people and perspectives. While you are at it you’ll be building your network and expertise in a thriving environment of professional development and teamwork. And together you’ll shape a stronger future for the company and your career. The role: Manages all quality assurance, technical services, QC and functions for the sites. As a member of the management team, participates in and influences the development and implementation of site strategies. Provides direction and influence for the development, implementation and continuous improvement of all quality systems. Assures that all products and packs produced at the site are safe for consumption and conform to the intended product design. This includes being responsible for change management and process improvement as the Quality Champion. Directs the quality and product safety components of all projects at the site through quality planning, specifications development, and project oversight for compliance to GMP's and other company policies and guidelines. In partnership with the team, supports the site implementation of all new products, line extensions and continuous quality improvement projects including the effective execution of line trials and execution of process capability evaluations. Manages the internal quality audit function for site and assures the effectiveness of the corrective and preventative action process within the framework of the plant's Quality Management System. Represent the 'owners' of the business at the sites with respect to the quality and safety of products and the food processing environment. This responsibility includes participation in the management of crises involving products, and the ongoing interpretation and reporting of information from their customers and consumers. Directing, planning and implementing traceability testing and monitoring Being responsible for vendor management related to food safety Ensuring the facility meets all required food safety laws, regulations, and corporate policies Being accountable for HACCP food safety training for the facility to ensure compliance and execution of required programs Being responsible for compliance with all regulations. Food Safety at plant in proper sanitary condition at all times, including allergen control, pest control, guidelines followed. Compliance with food safety policies and procedures Maintaining understanding of processes and functional interdependencies. Recognise and escalate, as needed, those issues identified as risks to, or opportunities to improve, plant performance. The person: Bachelors of Science degree in food science, microbiology, or equivalent with significant experience in quality and food safety An advanced experience of Technical Management Quality and Food Safety leadership within a reputable organisation Thorough technical knowledge of quality and food safety Experience in managing people and processes Strong written and verbal communication skills, analytical ability, leadership strengths and ability to work effectively with a team Previous Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point certification program design and implementation Food processing and packaging experience Computer software skills including Word, Excel and PowerPoint HACCP and food safety management Auditing skills Analytical Problem solving skills Food microbiology, analytical chemistry, and sensory methods Process engineering, manufacturing equipment, and controls To apply please email your CV to ec hprtalent.com or call **** **** **** for more details This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalManagerBakerySpecialist_job****