Title: Heavy Plant Equipment Technical Trainer
Webindex: 67894663
Description: Demob Job Reference: J**** Job Title: Heavy Plant Equipment Technical Trainer Location: Basildon, Essex Salary: **** basic  overtime Start Date: Immediate Introduction: Our client based in Basildon, Essex is a company who specialise in the supply of heavy plant equipment. They have a large and constantly expanding dealership network who they also provide training to on the different plant machinery which involves both dealer technicians and apprentices. Due to continued expansion our client is now looking for a Heavy Plant Equipment Technical Trainer to join their existing team who provide technical training to all their technicians and apprentices. Please note that you will be required to travel regularly to Cheshire to carry out training courses and will involve overnight stays during the working week. This presents itself as an ideal opportunity to join an established company and, although not essential, could be well suited for a person who has previously served in the Armed Forces i.e. Army, Royal Navy or Royal Air Force (RAF) and has previously worked as a senior plant engineer / supervisor / manager and has a strong engineering background i.e Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers, Royal Engineer, RAF Ground Support Engineer, Royal Navy Marine Engineer. Responsibilities:  The successful candidate will be responsible for working as part of a team of technical trainers to deliver a variety of courses to technicians and apprentices in Basildon and Cheshire.  Prepare course material and set up the classroom and workshop facilities.  Complete all paperwork associated with running a course in a timely and proficient manner.  Update courses and liaise with the training manager and course author on content.  Prepare training exercises in order to develop practical skills.  Attend training in order to keep up to date with the companies new technology.  Responsible for health and safety and the general conduct of technicians whilst they are on training courses.  Report any relevant information regarding product or dealer business issues to the training manager.  Keep up to date with industry changes and agricultural developments.  Work hard to deliver positive results within training and recognize any improvements that need to be implemented to the course or any course material.  Deliver training, as required, and become a Subject Matter Expert (SME) in the training delivered. Applicant Requirements:  It is envisaged that the successful candidate will have a strong background within heavy diesel plant engineering and have experience with a senior / supervisory / management role.  Have strong presentation skills as you will be required to stand in front of a class of up to **** students.  Analytical in approach to work and have excellent organizational skills.  You must be fully proficient with Microsoft Office and have experience of using powerpoint.  You must hold a full valid UK driving licence and be flexible in regards to overnight stays.  Full product training will be given.  Strong technical background within a similar role.  Excellent customer service skills.  Sound communicator.  Able to use own initiative.  Enjoy problem solving.  Able to work and remain calm under pressure. Benefits:  **** basic annual salary.  Overtime rates also available.  Employer contributory pension, healthcare plus life assurance.  Company vehicle, mobile and laptop.  Monday – Friday 39 hours per week.  Opportunity to join a very forward thinking company.