Title: Energy Project Manager
Webindex: 62011526
Company: Pyramid8
Description: Our client is an international Building Services Engineering Consultancy with offices throughout the USA, United Kingdom and India. They have extensive experience and expertise in refrigeration installations within the commercial, industrial, retail and leisure sectors and are recognised as a market leader within the retail sector. Due to continued growth they now have an opportunity for an experienced individual to join the company as an Energy Project Manager. Role: To project manage energy roll out schemes, including being a source of engineering innovation to the team to continue the longer term development of current schemes. Responsibilities: Role specific: Site survey / scheme and design concept review. Budget costing / cost review/payback evaluation. Scheme design and evaluation. Specification production. Project programming. Scheme briefing Design team and site meeting attendance with report production. Project progress assessment. Contractor / subcontractor management. Individual project / contract accounting. Installation quality assessment and reporting. Management of sitespecific Health Safety issues. Commissioning of building services controls, electrical systems refrigeration systems Energy Projectspecific internal department liaison. Client liaison. Projectspecific financial forecasting / cash flow management. Project completion analysis and reporting. Knowledge/Skills: Skill set for this role is principally electrical, though a commissioning background is desirable. Knowledge to commissioning level of lighting systems, HVAC and refrigeration are essential tools for this role. Qualifications required: HNC (or equivalent) in an appropriate discipline or a minimum of 5 years experience in a similar role. Competent user of IT, eg Microsoft packages Travel within the UK and possibly Europe to undertake project work. Full, valid driving licence Excellent customerfacing skills Ability to work independently as well as part of a team to meet and exceed the clients requirements. Be flexible in working hours, some weekend work / unsociable working hours required. Be responsible for personal Health Safety and the Health Safety of colleagues. Be able to manage multiple projects concurrently. Be able to manage own time to the best effect.