Title: Supplier Quality Engineer
Webindex: 65746183
Company: Pinnacle Recruitment Selection
Description: Supplier Quality Engineer sought by our client, a 60m turnover market leading manufacturing business, to engage with suppliers in order to drive Quality improvement in the supply base. Duties / responsibilities of the Supplier Quality Engineer will include:  Development of suppliers to improve overall supplier performance and take ownership of coordinating specific supplier improvement initiatives.  Drive continuous improvements in suppliers manufacturing processes.  Supporting supplier resource activities.  Support crossfunctional teams through improvement activities with suppliers.  Perform supplier quality audits /assessments.  Work with suppliers to plan actions that are appropriate and effective.  Work with New Product teams and suppliers to turn New Product Quality deliverables into specific part / Supplier Quality plans (using APQP and PPAP as model).  Log all supplier Quality issues and request where appropriate corrective/preventative action.  Provide data to show supplier performance against the Quality plan at each review stage.  Conduct reviews of any potential new supplier s capability to meet Quality/business needs. The Supplier Quality Engineer should have the following experience:  Some experience of working in supplier base environment.  Lean/Six Sigma manufacturing implementation.  Previous experience in Automotive or Aerospace Industry an advantage.  Practical experience of problem solving techniques ie ****d, PokeYoke.  Experience of PPAP and APQP tools.  Experience of interfacing with supplier chain.  Familiarity with quality management systems.  Interfacing with Purchasing, Engineering and Manufacturing personnel. Applicants for the post of Supplier Quality Engineer must be willing to travel in the UK and mainland Europe. Minimum Qualifications/ Education HNC in Technical/Engineering discipline You must be a good communicator at all levels with the ability to work on your own initiative. The Supplier Quality Engineer must be analytical/data driven. ****CarRelocation assistance where appropriate