Title: Live Events  Hoist Controls and Spot lighting
Webindex: 69172787
Company: Creative Personnel
Description: Assistant Hoist, Control and Spot Technician Do you want to get involved in the professional UK Lighting industry? Do you want to get your first foot in the door to work with some of the biggest names in the music industry? If the answer to both these questions is yes then look no further. My client a leading company in the professional concert and theatre lighting business are now looking to add an entry level role to their lighting team in the shape of an Assistant Hoist, Control and Spot Technician. All training will be provided for the role on offer although previous experience of working in a professional concert and lighting company is also desirable. The main quality you should have is plenty of enthusiasm and a desire to learn about the industry and about the basics of the job. This role is predominantly operational within the Hoist, Control Spot Dept working on a variety of equipment. There is also a need to occasionally assist with the load and tip of vehicles as necessary. This role will also provide general assistance across the Warehouse as and when required. The role will also contain the following duties:  To operate Service Maintain electrical chain hoists (C.M. Lodestars / Liftkets) ensuring correct safe practices applied.  To carry out repairs to electrical chain hoists to ensure fully operational to manufacturers standards.  To carry out repairs to spot lights (Strong, Lycian, Robert Juliat.) whilst ensuring full observance of Health Safety requirements are maintained at all times.  To operate Genie Windup towers in accordance with correct Health Safety and manufacturer practices.  To clean carry out any repair necessary to all flight cases going out on jobs  Plus additional and appropriate tasks as required by the various Department Heads, with prior agreement with the Warehouse Manager  All necessary training will be given to work on equipment listed above. So if you would like to get involved in the lighting industry and are reasonably technical and know your way around a toolkit, then simply send your CV today to apply for this great opportunity. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LiveEventsHoistControlsandSpotlighting_job****