Title: Project Manager  Aerospace/Engineering
Webindex: 66574150
Company: Modis
Description: Project Manager with experience in delivering projects, from the initial concept through to delivery required to join an expanding team in a world renowned Aerospace/Space company. The role of Project Manager is to manage studies/small projects related to instrumentation for aspects of a project from proposal preparation through to kickoff and successful contract completion. Main Project Manager duties: To manage projects or key aspects of a project from contract start through to contract Closeout. To be responsible for all aspects of the implementation of projects or part of a project within the established procedures processes developed within the company, including but not limited too: Schedules management and tracking to ensure projects are completed on time. Management of the technical solutions and developments in accordance with procedures for projects and engineering. Coordination with the project team on the delivery of all items to be delivered at the agreed milestones as defined in the contract and statement of work. Preparation of cost packs at bid stage and controlling of the live project budgets together with finance team. Responsibility for project risk management and risk mitigation during project life cycle. Allocating work into appropriate work packages and obtaining agreements with engineering teams. Customer and stakeholder interface management. Reporting progress and issues to Projects and Engineering teams. Be involved in resolving issues and ensure solutions meet project needs. Providing monthly reports to Projects Director and Heads of Business Line Managers. Management of major subcontractors used by the company in projects  act as point of contact for the business and manage subcontractor to deliver agreed deliverables. Technical support to be provided by appropriate engineering teams. Provide support to the teams responsible for bid activities. In due time it is expected that the candidate will lead bids from kickoff through to successful contract negotiation. Required skills for Project Manager: Proven experience in project management and in setting up and running projects, ideally in a engineering/aerospace industry. Good experience of implementing contracts and product assurance plans. Familiarity with work package systems and Matrix management structure preferable. Excellent interpersonal skills; able to influence, persuade and negotiate with all levels of people effectively. Ability to cope under pressure and ensure deadlines are met. Strong attention to detail. Good organisation skills. Good presentation and customer facing skills. Highly results orientated; strong drive to deliver. Proficient in all MS Office packages and knowledge of Microsoft Project. Successful candidates will possess a desire to be challenged and to contribute towards the success and growth of the business. In return we can offer career development, an empowered and supportive working environment and competitive reward package. You must be prepared to undergo a security clearance vetting process. If you wish to discuss this position in confidence or to speak to me regarding your situation then please don't hesitate to contact me.