Title: Engineer (Water)
Webindex: 72405584
Company: Danny Sullivan Sons Ltd
Description: The Danny Sullivan Group are looking for an experienced Engineer on behalf of their client, am main civil engineering contractor. The Engineer will be responsible for providing the project with accurate, informed interpretation of the specified project technical requirements. Providing support to the Project management and site team on all technical matters. Main Responsibilities of the Engineer: Accurate setting out of the works and dimensional control. Resolving technical problems at all levels. Carry out inspections in accordance with the Inspection and Test Plan in a timely manner. The production of survey information and red  lined drawings for the completion of the Asbuilt records. Ensuring activities are carried out in safe manner in accordance with the Project Safety Plan. Accurate maintenance of Quality Management System records. Ensure equipment is calibrated, in date and suitable checked in accordance with company policies and the manufacturers defined requirements. Ensure construction operations are carried out in accordance with the Contract requirements using the appropriate agreed procedures. Makes sure that only competent personnel are used to carry out the Works. Policies the outputs to confirm that the required level of quality is maintained. Coordination and supervision of Subcontractors in the performance of the Works. Informing senior management of any nonconformances or poor workmanship. Ensure all site personnel have clear, accurate and appropriate information to carry out their duties. Minimises environmental disturbance during construction works. Supervises the outputs and confirms that the project environmental requirements are met. Close liaison with the Site Foreman and Works Managers.  Ensure that only the latest issue drawings and documents are being used. Ensure all materials on site are suitable, stored in line with manufacturer s recommendations, current working practice, contract specification or project requirements. Assist the Site Management team to update KPI s, material reconciliation and progress reports. The ideal candidate for the role of Engineer will be educated to a degree level or equivalent in civil engineering and hold the following qualifications/tickets: IOSH Managing Safety Environmental Management CSCSC Engineer/Supervisor Quality Management COSH/LOLER First Aid Noise at Work Hand Arm Vibration Manual Handling