Title: Senior/Principal RF Hardware Engineer
Webindex: 68805258
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Our client is a leader in defence electronics markets, with a distinctive strength in airborne mission critical systems and a wide range of capabilities for the battlefield and for homeland security applications. Important RF Design experience The Job Senior/Principal RF Hardware Engineer Job Description An exciting opportunity has arisen for a senior/principal RF hardware engineer to join a radar receiver development team in Edinburgh. The receiver team is a multidisciplinary expert team specialising in the design and development of high performance radar receiver subsystems. This team undertakes a wide range of projects across the full engineering product lifecycle, including applied research, product design amp; development, integration and problem resolution, production support, and technology insertion into legacy products. Key Responsibility Areas: The successful candidate will work within a receiver development team and will be responsible for the engineering and technical aspects of RF and/ or receiver circuits and systems in one or more of the following areas: Applied RF research RF design and development of systems, subsystems, and components RF subsystem, and component analysis and problem resolution RF design for production RF design support for manufacturing RF development test and design verification Technical support to subcontracts and engineering interface with manufacturing Technical support to projects and customers Skills, Qualifications amp; Knowledge Qualifications: First or second degree (BSc, BEng, MEng, MSc, PhD, EngD) in Electronic Engineering (preferable) or related science (eg Physics) with specialisation in high frequency circuits and receiver techniques supported by appropriate fundamental elements. Knowledge It is essential that the candidate has electronic skills compatible with their degree. Experience at a senior engineer level in design of RF/Microwave circuits and subsystems is also essential. This should include current practical experience in one or more of the following areas: RF ADC, RF DAC, DDS, PLL, active/ passive RF/microwave design, RF Filters, RF PCB, RF/microwave down conversion and up conversion, synthesiser architecture or receiver architecture. The candidate should be familiar with current industry standard ECAD tools. It is desirable that the candidate has expert knowledge in Agilent ADS, AWR Microwave office, Agilent system vue or matlab/simulink. Skills The candidate is required to have good communication skills and the ability to work in a team. It is desirable for the candidate to have team leader skills and experience of managing junior staff, budgets, cost reporting, project planning and subcontractor technical management. It is also desirable that the candidate has experience of design for manufacturing methods such as design margin control, production yield assessment, and design for test / rate manufacturing To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK