Title: Continuous Improvement Specialist
Webindex: 69600911
Company: Macildowie Associates.
Description: THE OPPORTUNITY: Continuous Improvement Specialist ******** THE ROLE AND YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES: Are you looking for an exciting new role this new year? I am currently recruiting for a leading utilities supplier based in Northampton. Due to the rapid growth the business has shown they are looking for a Continuous Improvement specialist to join the team. You will be responsible for supporting the implementation and continued management of a continuous improvement program across the whole business. If you are a determined, analytical and driven professional looking for a business that rewards hard work and high performance then this could be the right role for you. Key Responsibilities  Structure and agree tests and measures of business processes  Support Continuous Improvement Specialists throughout the business in their application of continuous improvement tools, techniques and principles  Perform data integrity checks on selected key metrics, including financial, cycle time, supplier cost analysis and effectiveness.  Measure and analyse key operational processes.  Monitor tests on strategically important processes and suggest best practice via effective measurement.  Work closely with managers to implement improvements to support continued business growth and outstanding customer service.  Produce formal written documents , including proposals and recommendations EXPERIENCE SOUGHT IN THE SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE: Essential:  At least two years' experience in applying continuous improvement tools to produce efficiencies.  Ability to produce accurate analysis and interpretation of data whilst dealing with complex and interdependent processes.  Experience of managing analytical projects, within a fast moving, data intensive and customer focused business  Strong facilitation skills and the ability to build positive working relationships  Strong communication and presentation skills  Experience of using Microsoft Office programmes, in particular Excel, Visio and Minitab (or a comparable programme)  Experience of drafting formal business reports  A professional continuous improvement qualification would be useful but not essential NB: As a result of the volume of applications, in some instances we are unable to respond with individual feedback. If we have not contacted you within five working days your application has been unsuccessful. Macildowie is a specialist recruitment consultancy with a rich history of resourcing professionals in the areas of HR TRAINING, FINANCE, PROCUREMENT SUPPLY CHAIN and SALES MARKETING. With deep roots in the East Midlands our Consultants have an unrivalled understanding of the local market. Macildowie Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ContinuousImprovementSpecialist_job****