Title: Senior PCB Engineer
Webindex: 64588111
Company: Ceema Recruitment
Description: Ceema technology is a specialist Technical Engineering Design & Recruitment boutique, recruiting on behalf of longstanding clients. My client is a global leader in digital radio products, delivering missioncritical communications to customers in the public safety, military, transport, utilities and commercial sectors. Due to continuing and successful development of marketleading products, this prestigious client seeks to recruit a Senior PCB Engineer to join their digital design team. The Senior PCB Engineer will be responsible for the following tasks? Schematic entry and PCB design for TETRA terminals, ancillaries and test equipment. Strategic PCB space planning and layer assignment. Interpretation of electrical engineering constraints. PCB layout design to meet project requirements and timescales. PCB design release, fabrication and test requirements (assembly drawings). PCB approval for volume production (inspection and analysis). Working closely with mechanical design group to ensure compatibility. Working closely with the test equipment design group to ensure testability. Resolution of PCB design and manufacturing issues. The following skills are essential to the Senior PCB Engineer role: More than 4 years relevant PCB design experience. PCB design experience across full design cycle into production. Thorough knowledge and experience in the use of Mentor Expedition toolset. Expertise in designing digital high speed / analogue / mixed signal / RF PCBs. Expertise in PCB layer stackup planning. PCB design for EMI/RFI compliance. Experience in Flexi circuit design. Strong exposure to PCB fabrication and assembly environment Experience in the creation & maintenance of PCB libraries. Experience in designing PCBs which meet DFM/DFT/DFA requirements Additionally, the Senior PCB Engineer should possess an appreciation of mechanical design engineering and have demonstrable use of IPC standards for PCB design. This is an excellent permanent opportunity with a leading, international company. The Senior PCB Engineer role offers career development, an attractive salary, plus an excellent benefits package and working conditions. There is a full job description available to suitable candidatesIf you feel that you have strong, relevant skills and experience, then please apply to this advert to find out more about this exciting opportunity. xilinx, fpga, vhdl, asic, mentor, cadence concept, altium, electronics design, DFM, DFT, DFA, EMI, RFI