Title: Relocate to the US? QA Software Engineers
Webindex: 68805804
Company: Enterprise Recruitment Limited
Description: Fancy waking up in sunny California with beautiful forests, San Fran and beaches just down the road? Or enjoying stunning architecture, renowned museums and Route **** in The Windy City of Chicago? This electronics giant  at the forefront of internet technology  cover all paperwork associated with visas and relocation for Software Engineers and QA Engineers looking to embark on an adventure to the US As a Software Engineer you ll develop parallel multicore network processors, powerful embedded delivery systems and highperformance IPTV technology. QA Engineers will concentrate on complex internet technologies to deliver high quality software targeting advanced multiplexers. Software Engineers need to demonstrate a track record of developing complex software using C / C++ for some of the following: advanced algorithms, networking, routing protocols, wireless networks, automata theory, embedded networking, IPTV, mobile networks, TCP/IP, metro optical / packets. You ll need to demonstrate a strong academic background with excellent A levels and a degree from a good university. Ideally, we re looking for Software Engineers with a couple of years experience, however if your skills are directly relevant please get in touch. QA Engineers will have knowledge of routing or signaling protocols (RSVP, LDP, OSPF, ISIS, BGP), Linux, methodological problem solving and IP network testing with the following tools: IXIA, Spirent, Agilent This technology company offers a very generous salary with excellent benefits. On top of this, Mountain View, CA offers a fantastic way of life. Next to flamboyant San Francisco, the most beautiful beaches, hot weather and wide opens spaces you ll fit right into the lifestyle California has to offer. Chicago, (named US 2nd best city), is home to the Mighty Mississippi and Illinois River, artistic buildings spectacular attractions  including the Broadway, world class American Football and an array of diverse restaurants and takeaways giving you exquisite food from across the globe whenever you want Software Engineers and QA Engineers can be based in Mountain View or Chicago. There are also opportunities in West London, UK. Any questions? Contact Jess at Enterprise Recruitment Ltd.