Title: Crane Engineer
Webindex: 69026319
Description: Overview: A well renowned manufacturer of Cranes and Earthmoving machinery is currently recruiting for a Workshop Engineer to service and repair a variety of cranes and heavy plant. Offering unrivalled inhouse training this is a fantastic opportunity to work on some the best plant around as well as lots of chances for a long term career. The Company: This dynamic company are evolving and continuing with their growth, in what is a very competitive industry. Our client has a strong brand and operates across the UK, providing clients with the most reliable machinery on the market along with excellent customer care and technical support. The Role of a Plant Engineer: This is a workshop based role, working out of their state of the art facility, centrally located to support both the sales and rental sides of the business. You will join an established and growing number of plant engineers within a workshop environment. Typical equipment there is heavy construction plant and earthmoving machinery such as heavy excavators, dump trucks, diggers etc, as well as mobile tower cranes and forklifts. Your duties will be to service and repair mechanical, hydraulic and electric faults that occur on the machines as well as making any modifications to equipment based on clients requirements. Key Skills: The successful workshop engineer will already have experience as a plant or crane engineer where they have repaired heavy construction plant, earthmoving machinery or cranes. However our client has an extensive budget for training and believes in developing their staff, therefore candidates from a forklift, plant, forces or marine background where you have worked on related equipment and have skills in fault finding and repairing mechanical, hydraulic and electrical issues will also be given the opportunity to join this established business. Benefits: Excellent basic salary along with Overtime  Pension  Holidays. Salary: **** **** Commutable from: Bedford, Bedfordshire, Stevenage, Hertfordshire, Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, Milton Keynes or Buckinghamshire Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a: Field Service, Forklift Technician, Forces Engineer, Plant fitter If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details