Title: Junior Java Web Developer | Junior Java Web Programmer  Cambridge, Cambridgeshire
Webindex: 66583759
Company: Randstad
Description: Junior Java Web Developer / Junior Java Web Programmer  Java, Swing, GUI, ECLIPSE, IDE, Tomcat, SQL, UNIX, Linux Scripting  Cambridge  pound;**** to pound;**** A fantastic permanent opportunity has been created for Junior Java Web Developer / Junior Java Web Programmer to join a market leading company who provide Java development and consulting services to a variety of markets within the public and private sector. The role of Junior Java Developer will see you joining an established development team who are designing, developing and delivering cutting edge Java Web applications. As the Junior Java Web Developer / Junior Java Web Programmer you will work on a variety of different projects and you will be given the opportunity to develop skills across the entire project lifecycle. The successful candidate will be degree educated (2:**** or above) computer studies and will demonstrate a minimum of 12 months practical Java development / Java programming experience, together with Good SQL and Unix or Linux scripting skills. This is a rare opportunity to join a highly specialised team and to benefit from ongoing training and development with opportunities to gain Oracle, ECLIPSE, Tomcat etc. The environment is vibrant, support and knowledge sharing and you will be given the opportunity to really fast track your career and to build a highly specialised skill set. Graduates who have studied Java at University are also of particular interest. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills amp; qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. Skills java developer programmer web swing gui eclipse ide tomcat sql oracle rdbms unix linux scripting cambridge