Title: Systems Improvement Engineer
Webindex: 70457916
Description: As systems improvement engineer you will provide Technical Expertise and support in the delivery for maintenance as required. you wil provide thetechnical Support to the customer by means of inservice support and technical assistance along withmaintenance control. To provide Engineering Expertise to support the development of the maintenance regime and strategy in order to optimise vehicle performance at optimum cost. Main duties and responsibilities will include; Investigating technical problems arising from the maintenanceand recommending and/or implementing corrective action. Undertaking technical investigations following safety of the line incidents and recommending corrective action. Supporting Engineering Mananger with Reliability Improvement Programs. Reviewing technical documentation issued in support of maintenance and repair activities, special checks, modifications and experiments and ensuring that all is worked to compliance. Acting as firstline response to maintenance documentation and parts queries. Managing the implementation of technical instructions. Preparing local technical instructions and providing technical advice in connection with maintenance schedules, modifications, special checks, experiments and test equipment. Liaising with suppliers, contractors and specialist engineers as necessary to resolve technical problems with procedures, materials and components in connection to special checks, modifications and experiments. Providing assistance to the Project Engineer in connection with his responsibilities. Who we re looking for Candidate Requirements: Educational: Technical qualification such as HNC/HND is essential The post holder shall be trained in Accident Reporting and Investigation The post holder shall receive a general safety awareness course(s) including manual handling techniques, fire safety and COSHH. Knowledge Extensive practical experiences and sound knowledge covering mechanical, electrical, and electronic aspects of modern DieselUnits is essential. About our client Employing around **** people at over **** different locations in the UK Ireland. A leading supplier and maintainer of largescale automotive/Rail product. What s on offer ****K  benefits