Title: Theatre Practitioner  Recovery Nurse
Webindex: 69669207
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Our client is a leading national and international hospital in Central London. They are looking for a Theatre Recovery nurse / ODP to join their team. Important HPC or NMC registered. The Job PERSON SPECIFICATION: Education / Qualifications: 1st Level Nurse RN Post registration experience Previous Experience: Clinical knowledge and experience of nursing in similar ward / unit. Understanding of risk management Skills, Knowledge, Abilities: Ability to negotiate and work effectively in a multidisciplinary team Excellent organisational skills Effective communication skills Computer literate with good knowledge of MS word, outlook, Excel. JOB SPECIFICATION: The successful candidate will work as part of the multi disciplinary team to deliver a high standard of care to the patient undergoing medical treatment. You will be responsible for the assessment of patients care needs and for the development, implementation and evaluation of programmes of care. CLINICAL DELIVERY Ensure high standards of care for patients and their families by: Delivery and management of direct nursing care, Working with agreed nursing standards and according to Nursing and Midwifery Council Code for nurses, Being accountable for nursing outcomes, Enhancing the quality of care by assisting with the management of change in nursing practice based on evidence / research. Plan and organise own workload in order to meet patient need. Understand the principles of delivering prescribed treatment safely to achieve positive patient outcomes. Within a system of case management, coordinate and monitor the progress of patient care and report any variance appropriately. Ensure the correct storage and administration of medications in accordance with the hospital policies and NMC Standards for Medicine Management and ensure the safe handling of drug keys at all times. Practice multidisciplinary team care and contribute actively towards its successful management. Act at all times as the patient advocate. Work in accordance with the Nursing Strategy to meet the Hospital and Nursing objectives. OPERATIONAL DELIVERY Manage nursing care and assist with additional management requirements according to planned off duty rota. Contribute to the effective management of the hospital by: Adopting a flexible approach to personal off duty rota, Assisting with requirements when clinical activity alters, Assisting senior nursing staff in the forward planning of absences, Participating in effective use of temporary staff, Working in other areas within the hospital as required. The client offers and excellent benefits package and clinical training. For more information, please contact Martin Fahy on **** **** To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK