Title: Materials Planner / Stock Controller / Buyer
Webindex: 68096932
Company: Cat Pumps  Limited
Description: Cat Pumps is a specialist manufacturer and supplier of High Pressure Pumps to a wide variety of industrial sectors. Recognised for the exceptional quality of our products and our unparalleled customer service, we require an enthusiastic and committed individual to plan and manage our component and materials supply. Having the right products in stock at the right time is an essential part of our business  Primary functions of this role include: Planning components and raw materials to replenish stocks and fulfil customer orders Identifying our parts requirements for future forecasts and commitments Placing purchase orders on approved suppliers Coordinating incoming goods receipts and bookings to stock Overseeing production orders for inhouse assemblies Subcontracting machining work and other processes Completing various stock issues, receipts, transfers and bookings on the company stock and production database Defining and updating product and component cost records Quoting costs, lead time and availability to our internal sales order entry team and our sister companies Working alongside our QC technician to manage rejects, reworks and returns Working alongside our warehouse team to keep records stocks accurate.? We are a flexible, friendly team of **** people in the UK, backed by a privatelyowned and wellfinanced American parent company supplying our product range worldwide. We operate from clean, smart premises on the Hampshire/Surrey borders. The right candidate will grow into and develop this role, with the prospect of additional responsibilities over time. You will be a fast learner, an excellent administrator and will have: Experience of working in a stock control, purchasing or similar planning role in an industrial manufacturing and sales company Abilities to multitask and prioritise your own workload Good problem solving skills especially when working under pressure Strong IT skills; familiar with Microsoft Outlook, Excel for detailed data analysis, etc. High level of numeracy, literacy and command of the English language Excellent interpersonal skills, and a natural enthusiasm to work as part of a team Experience of using “SAP Business One” ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) database system would be a distinct advantage but is not essential. (Note, this is NOT the same package as SAP r**** used in larger organisations) Knowledge of writing SQL queries would be beneficial. My name is Brian Hubbard; I am the General Manager here. I will be interviewing you for this position, which reports to our Technical Manager. This is a busy role with a varied workload offering an attractive salary, initially 20 days holiday plus bank holidays, and a team profitrelated bonus.? This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MaterialsPlannerStockControllerBuyer_job****