Title: Instrument Protective Systems Engineer
Webindex: 71472657
Company: NES Group Limited
Description: Instrument Protective Systems Engineer (CATS) Instrument/Control/Electric Engineering North East England Permanent Excellent Basic Salary Degree Qualified as a minimum The Instrument Protective Systems (I PS) Engineer is a key member of my clients Area Engineering Support team, reporting to the AES Team Leader. This role will share accountability for conformance with discipline specific Engineering Technical Practices. The role will providing engineering support and guidance to the operations and maintenance team; lead/support engineering and operational risk assessments, lead/support incident investigations, investigate operational upsets, and drive defect elimination through continuous improvement. Key accountabilities Addressing day to day issues, e.g. through daily Ops meeting, for safety systems, instruments and Fire Gas systems e.g. SIS issues, instrument performance problems, F G performance, etc. Local instrument and SIS spares management and health care provision (working with R M team) Day to day management and continuous improvement of the SIS LoPs across the area / asset by reviewing associated KPI data e.g. overrides/bypasses, overdue proof testing, SIS demands, failure data, etc and coordinating any necessary changes (eg proof test interval, demands, SIL Verification calcs) due to actual field performance. Drive I PS standardisation at a local level. SIS Lifecycle management  ensure all roles/responsibilities are covered and ensure that requirements are being met to manage risk mitigated by the SIS. Lead discipline improvements in plant reliability and optimisation: RCFA and defect elimination. Responsible for ensuring relevant engineering documents and technical aspects associated with Ops and Maintenance Procedures are up to date and their technical approval where delegated. Define SoR`s for improvements (mods, overhauls, studies, repairs) that cannot be resourced by the operation or within the AES Team. Complete unit work requests to transfer activity from AES to other Function. Support Risk Management Process. Responsible for technical review and approval of technical content associated with operating procedures, firsttime maintenance deferrals, set point changes and Risk Assessments within discipline. Responsible for technical approval of AES Team MoCs and review of Functional MoCs at agreed stage gates. Provide site discipline input / participates in process safety studies eg HAZOP, LOPA, SIL ;as required by study leads. Support Site competence assurance process (candidate screening, technical approval of assessment program, etc). Undertake auditing of asset in line with personal objectives (SoC, WCC, inhibits / overrides etc) . Support delivery of safety, integrity and environmental performance of asset. Responsible for monitoring technical implication of maintenance backlog. Role of Site Radiation Protection Supervisor (RPS). Support and uphold the Activity Planning process; SPA accountabilities, gate compliance, and AES review of workpacks. Ensure accountable activities (vendor visits, breakdown management) are planned and resourced with the necessary approvals in place. Interface with functional teams as they execute discipline activities in accordance with the assets needs. Responsible for within scope (AES) technical approval of material service requisitions (within discipline) in Maximo. Provide technical support to TAR scope definition and execution. Essential Education Degree in a relevant Engineering discipline with relevant experience within a high hazard process environment. Essential experience and job requirements Has sufficient technical knowledge of high hazard process facilities and equipment to make informed decisions. Able to recognise risks, hazards, losses and prevent conflicts between activities whilst driving defect elimination and continuous improvement. Well developed interpersonal skills, self motivated and able to motivate and inspire others