Title: Incoming Quality Inspector
Webindex: 69168646
Company: CPL Recruitment
Description: Incoming Quality Inspector – Dundalk area On behalf of our Client a successful and established Engineering company in Dundalk Cpl Recruitment are recruiting for a Incoming Quality Inspector. Incoming Quality Inspector Job Duties: The post holder will be responsible to ensure all incoming Components and Materials entering the company are conforming to specification. Maintain all records history files. Maintain all calibrated equipment and the calibration database. Qualifications / Experience required for Quality Inspector Job: Background in Engineering/Manufacturing. Minimum of 58years experience in similar role. A qualification Quality Assurance would be an advantage Essential Functions: Ensure that all safety and environmental policies are followed in the performance of all duties. Perform physical measurement and inspection of incoming components and materials. Maintain proper documentation of all testing results. Ensure proper calibration of inspection and measuring equipment throughout the plant Adhere to company Quality Procedures and practices. Possess an ability to understand and decipher quality requirements within customer specifications. A wide variety of other tasks that may be required. Required Skills A high proficiency in inspecting machined components be they simple or complex Ability to read and interpret Engineering Drawings Specifications. Competent in using a range of Inspection Metrology equipment. A detailed understanding of Metal Coatings Finishes. Excellent computer literacy skills, experience with ERP systems and Calibration database systems would be advantageous. CPL Contact: To apply or for further information please send your updated CV version to Arlene Hawthorne or apply through the link on **** **** **** or apply through the link below. Key words: Quality inspector, engineering, quality job, Dundalk, Quality assurance, job. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/IncomingQualityInspector_job****