Title: Testing/Commissioning Engineer
Webindex: 68695233
Company: Rotherwood Recruitment
Description: Our client based in Skipton is looking to recruit a Test/Commissioning Engineer to join their team on a temporary to permanent basis starting with immediate effect. You will be responsible for testing/commissioning all equipment produced by the manufacturing facility, manufacturing of products in accordance with issued procedures and work instructions to agreed quality standards, delivery deadlines and manufacturing targets. Responsibilities Train and assist in the testing of manufactured equipment. Internal testing and Factory Acceptance Testing of their equipment. Commissioning on customers sites. Electro mechanical assembly. Undertake Electrical and Functional Testing in accordance with identified specifications, test procedures and work instructions. Record and report all required information and data within the agreed timescale. Complete assemblies and provide assistance to other departments. Duties Self inspection and inspection of piece parts. Cable routing on equipment. Electrical wiring. Mechanical assembly and fitting. Travel and undertake repair work at remote sites where necessary. Prototyping and mock up manufacture in support of the development process. Knowledge and Skills Required City and Guilds or equivalent electro/mechanical training and qualifications. Company training to meet the job requirements. Experience of PLCHMI programming. Experience of robot control programming. Able to read technical drawings and carryout bench work. Knowledge and experience of Microsoft Office Packages (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint and Outlook). Knowledge in all aspects of the manufacturing processes associated with wiring, assembly, test and fault finding etc. This position is a temporary to permanent position starting as soon as possible paying **** per hour. Hours are 07151615 Monday to Thursday and **** Friday with half hour lunch  39 hours per week. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TestingCommissioningEngineer_job****