Title: IC Design Engineer (Analogue/Digital/RF/Cadence)
Webindex: 69932774
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: Company augmentation has made way for an IC Design Engineer to join a world leader in Envelop Tracking technology situated in the heart of Cambridge. An award winning company is offering a great opportunity for an junior and experienced designers to join a team of passionate and highly skilled engineers to continue to push the boundaries in the high accuracy technology. My client is currently in the process of expanding their IC Team and are open to hear from IC Designers from all area s and sectors with a mix of experience from Juniors to Principals who have been involved in Analogue, Digital, RF or Mixed Signal circuit design. The Role The successful IC Design Engineer will join the company on a permanent basis and work with the team of system engineers to help define system solutions as well as drive the IC Design. As an integral part of the team you ll provide a handson technical leadership and be able communicate back on the progression of the design and development process to the Design Manager. You As the successful IC Design Engineer you ll have an expert level and understanding in the relevant technologies and be able to use your inactivate to not only push yourself but also a team of engineers in the right direction to ensure project completion. The role is going to be challenging but also very rewarding. The company has a bright future and yearly promotion reviews will give a structured career path to the successful engineer. Technical Skills Analogue/Digital/RF/Mixed Signal IC Design CMOS High speed amplifier/line driver design Design using VerilogA Design using Cadence This role offers a great opportunity for an IC Design Engineer to work within and global leader. Progression and bonus schemes are more than competitive. If you are interested in the position please forward your CV or call Terry on (Apply online only). Interviews will be taking place throughout January t of interest to yourself, but you know of someone who could be, JAM operates a referral scheme. You can earn yourself up to **** in vouchers for the successful placement of a candidate you give us. View our latest jobs today at (url removed) and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position