Title: Operations Superintendent
Webindex: 71684433
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction My client, a major offshore supply shipping company  has a new requirement for a Operation Superintendent Important Chief Engineer Qualified or Experience as a Operations/Technical Superintendent The Job The successful applicant will be responsible for the efficient operation, management, maintenance and repair of a number of vessels. The purpose being to provide maximum ship availability consistent with safe methods and acceptable costs. Additionally a background from within the Offshore sector is desirable, although candidates without this will still be considered for the role. What the role entails: Liaise with vessels on a regular basis to ensure their activities are being coordinated effectively and provide advice and guidance to Master and Chief Engineers onboard. Initiate and conduct investigations into operational difficulties, proposing and implementing cost effective solutions. During vessel visits, carry out inspections of standards, supervise repairs and advise Contractors and ships staff during maintenance. Ensure vessels operational status is maintained and it meets the standards required by Statutory bodies and classification societies at all times. Liaise, negotiate and supervise drydocking of vessels ensuring the process is coordinated effectively by involving vessel staff, managers, yards and departments advising all of status and progress. Prepare drydocking specifications in conjunction with the Dry Docking Manager, elicit and evaluate quotations and recommend shipyards. Ensure they are carried out correctly and comply with budgets and time limits and also to Statutory, Class and Company satisfaction. On completion, prepare archive reports. Carry out vessel inspections and audits of prospective additional tonnage. Collate information, costs and prepare project specifications for vessel conversion or upgrade to Charterer s or owners requirements. Provide reports, budgets and monitor costs of repairs, equipment and condition of vessels in order to advise vessel owners enabling them to manage their vessels effectively. Attend meetings with managers as required. Annual audit of vessels in accordance with IMS requirements. All activities carried out in accordance with GONS IMS system. Personal Criteria (Qualification and Attributes) Should possess a Class 1 Certificate of Competency as Deck or Engineer Officer and/or relevant experience of seagoing vessels preferably from the Offshore market in a supervisory role. They will possess excellent teamworking and communication skills and have the ability to facilitate change and motivate others. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK