Title: Pa Construction/Consultancy industry experience a must  City of London
Webindex: 70077162
Company: Randstad
Description: PA/Team Secretary: This role will provide professional and efficient PA/Secretarial support to the Director(s) and team / office. My client is looking for a first class/high calibre PA who takes pride in their work and would be considered a partner alongside the directors they work for. Someone who will go the extra mile and can prove their willingness to deliver the highest standards of work within the infrastructure/consultancy industry. We are looking for a top level PA. Salary depending on experience. Responsibilities and Tasks: PA / Secretarial Duties:  Attend meetings as required and take minutes of meetings, prepare and issue to your director for approval.  Oversee all purchasing and purchase invoice activity and maintaining the systems for filing delivery notes, logging purchase invoices, getting invoices approved, sent to Accounts Department for payment.  Diary management for Directors and team members.  Copy / audio typing and producing reports, minutes, letters, and presentations to a high standard and with reference to corporate style guidelines.  Answering correspondence where applicable on behalf of the office Director(s) or prepare written responses / drafts on behalf of the Director(s) and issue to the specified deadlines.  Producing invoices on a monthly basis, comp checking, banking cheques, logging payments and general credit control, liaising with central Finance Team and pursuing payment from creditors.  Preparing PowerPoint presentations.  Arrange travel, restaurant and accommodation bookings and meetings / conferences on behalf of the office and Directors  organising and hosting occasional client events and internal social events where necessary.  Circulation of corporate announcements.  Copy and bind internally produced documents and arrange for large items such as drawings or colour copies to be sent out to a reprographics company wherever applicable.  Collation and distribution of incoming and outgoing post daily for the team / office (as required).  Monitoring and distributing email/fax messages including those within the general office email account. Marketing Duties:  Print OJEU notices and provide regional marketing support, including the provision of marketing feedback, managing the Director and Associates marketing activities; assisting with mailing out brochures and related marketing material; helping to organise practice to practice meetings; managing leads, tracking reports and managing and submitting the marketing pipeline.  Provide support for corporate bids and marketing submissions, as required.  In conjunction with the Directors manage the collation of Standard Answers for bid submissions and provide support for the up keep and development of the Intranet.  Main point of contact for national bid submissions as allocated through the bid system ensuring that they are produced in accordance to standard procedures, to a high standard and in the timescales set by the client. Front of House / Reception duties (where applicable):  Maintaining the meeting room booking diary.  Answering the telephone in a professional manner, and transfer via switchboard, taking and distributing messages on behalf of the Director and Team as required.  Meeting and greeting clients and visitors.  Providing refreshments for meetings including organising occasional inhouse lunches.  Keeping meeting rooms and reception area tidy.  Dealing with clients in person and on the telephone.  Organising courier pickups and maintaining paperwork to reconcile with invoices. General Competence:  Comply with all instructions and procedures, be punctual and meet deadlines;  Maintain an accurate diary and complete timesheets on a timely basis of your day to day working activities specifically those in relation to projects.  Take responsibility for his/her own actions and demonstrate drive and enthusiasm in their everyday work.  Recognise and put forward ideas for improvement in their own work and general office area and seek to solve problems independently.  Work under pressure, be reliable and pay attention to detail.  Assist the team with compliance of corporate quality management procedures.  Be willing to work and adjust to new situations/methods of working. Take initiative and display a quot;candoattitude.  Achieve planned work and set own performance standards. The candidate shall seek responsibility and accountability, identify and prioritise own objectives to ensure goals are met.  At all times maintain a congenial relationship with colleagues and clients alike and use diplomacy in the use of assertiveness to resolve conflicts and disputes.  Communicate clearly and concisely, both verbally and in writing.  Be computer literate with proficient understanding of Microsoft Office applications and excellent keyboard skills.  Comply with all procedures and be proactive in making suggestions for the improvement of the company s office and administrative procedures.  Report to the Directors on any information, which may affect the business performance and needs. You are required to complete any other reasonable tasks as required by your Manager(s)  MUST HAVE EXPERIENCE IN A COMMERCIAL/PROPERTY/CONSTRUCTION OFFICE ENVIRONMENT Candidates that do not meet the requirements will not be considered We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.