Title: Management Consultant / Project Manager  Fluent German/French/English
Webindex: 72236238
Company: Easyweb Recruitment
Description: Management Consultant / Project Manager  Fluent German/French/English Our client is a leading operational improvement firm, working with clients around the world to improve their processes and financial performance. For more than 66 years its mission has been to deliver measurable, financial benefits to its clients by developing and installing processes and programs to rapidly improve these clients' operations. The sustainability of these benefits is attained by behavioural change at all managerial levels within client organisations. This role will suit experienced consultants or individuals looking to move into this type of environment, no previous experience of working in a consultancy related role is required as full training will be provided. Position: Management Consultant Location: Headquarters are in London but all of your working time will be spent working on client sites predominantly in Europe but also potentially some global clients. Salary: ****k  Bonus Benefits: competitive package Excellent career prospects Profile This company's consultants must have critical curiosity, combined with a confident style. You will: a) Work on the front line, at the heart of clients' organisations, taking accountability for your role in transforming these clients' businesses b) Tailor tried and tested performance enhancing tools and methods to each client's specific needs c) apply common sense and first hand business experience d) challenge yourself, your clients and the status quo e) Above all, deliver results Position Description In particular, working as part of a project team, as a management consultant, you will: a) Analyse work processes, systems, organisational functions and structures to determine where and how to generate measurable benefits b) Train client individuals in the effective use of management systems, tools, techniques, group problem solving and team building development skills c) Assume the appropriate roles of counsellor, facilitator, coleader, presenter and/or trainer as required by the situation d) Initiate innovative solutions where required and work closely with colleagues and project management to ensure they are installed for the most effective impact Essential skills / Experience a) Degree level (minimum qualification),preference given to engineering or business qualifications. b) Fluent in French and / or German; English is the company's working language. c) Supervisory experience gained within at least one of the following industries Engineering, Manufacturing, Mining/Quarrying, Retail, Supply Chain is desirable. d) Knowledge of any of the following would also be a bonus: Quality Assurance, 6 Sigma, Lean Manufacturing etc. e) Adaptable to any working environment and hierarchical level of client personnel. f) Sense of urgency. g) Strong MS Office skills in Excel, PowerPoint, Word Outlook. You may have experience in the following roles: Project Manager, Management Consultant, Project Support Coordinator, Supply Chain Consultant, German or French Management Consultant, Mining Manager, Team Leader, Supervisor, Shift Supervisor, Quality Engineer, Programme Manager, QA Engineer, Engineering Manager, Manufacturing Manager, Product Manager, Continuous Improvement Manager, Six Sigma, Lean Manufacturing etc This vacancy is being advertised by EasyWebRecruitment.com, the UK's leading Flat Fee Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by EasyWebRecruitment.com are those of an employment agency. Ref: EWR No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ManagementConsultantProjectManagerFluentGermanFrenchEnglish_job****