Title: Project Manager (Energy Efficiency / HVAC / BMS)
Webindex: 68713862
Company: Bluefire Consulting
Description: The Role: Project Manager Location: South East England (Multiple site / project in the region) Package: ****k plus vehicle, bonus, health The Position: As principle contractor, operate and deliver multiple projects linked to improvements in energy efficiency for all BMS, mechanical and electrical equipment on site. Projects will involve customers mainly in the public sector  NHS, education and local government. Support, coach and mentor project team including energy analysts / auditors and management of 3rd party sub contractors. Identify project issues and put proactive plans in place to resolve and overcome issues. Carry out engineering design of BMS and integrated projects, description of operation, control panel design approval, plant schematics, H S documentation and O M documentation. Attend site meetings with the customer, contractors, sub contractor and consultant as appropriate. The Candidate: In depth HVAC / M E or BMS technical knowledge along with a proven track record as project manager to deliver projects on time and within budget. Educated in an engineering discipline with relevant work experience. Good understanding of regulations and as principle contractor, understand CDM and H S responsibilities. Excellent sub contract management skills. Ideally a good understanding of energy performance / efficiency linked to M E based projects. Flexible attitude to location and working away as required for projects. Some of the projects will be commutable from home but it is inevitable that some of the projects will involve overnight stays through the week (Fully expensed by the business) The Company: Global leader in energy efficiency projects with a full order book and outstanding track record of delivering long term, multimillion pound projects in this sector. Package to include quality company vehicle, pension, healthcare and KPI linked bonus. Bluefire Consulting is an employment business acting on behalf of a client company. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProjectManagerEnergyEfficiencyHVACBMS_job****