Title: Production Support Engineer
Webindex: 69081197
Company: Workshop Recruitment
Description: Production Support Engineer  Segensworth  **** Job Purpose: To carry out allocated tasks per approved procedures To be actively involved in cost effective process improvement i.e. yield, efficiency, equipment utilisation and product quality. Key Responsibilities: Health To ensure that the Company s Health To report any hazards or concerns to Production Management and to make recommendations for improvement To use the protective equipment provided and follow laid down safety procedures Keeping the workplace clean and tidy at all times To ensure the Quality Policy is understood and actions are consistent with the policy To ensure all Standard Operating Procedures are understood and followed and Good Manufacturing Procedures (GMP) are maintained Understand and implement the Change Control procedures ensuring all procedures are kept up to date To be aware of relevant product related defects To accurately and fully complete all data entries onto the process records Promoting best practice and acting in the best interests of the company Main Duties Carry out allocated SOP s for production equipment, ancillary machinery and plant. Timely reaction to a request for breakdown support for production equipment, ancillary machinery and plant. Assisting in process improvement projects. Liaising with other company personnel to achieve the above objectives as agreed with the Production Support Manager. Ensures compliance with all company policies, procedures, definitions and standards. To carry out any other duties as directed by the Production Support Manager, Production Manager and Manufacturing Director Experience Multi skilled in electrical, mechanical engineering. Proven experience within high volume production environment. Process knowledge.Experience in AllenBradly PLC, ladder logic desirable Skills/Knowledge Mechanical Maintenance Electrical Maintenance Able to follow written instructions. Good PC skills Good manual dexterity Literate and numerate Knowledge of SPC Strong communication skills PLC Knowledge Personal qualities Able to use own initiative Accurate and honest Attention to detail Flexible approach to working Self motivator and able to motivate others. Takes responsibility for standard of work. Team Player Disciplined Ability to challenge/question Looks to exceed performance requirements Level of education Electrical Qualification Qualification in Electrical/Mechanical Engineering