Title: Strategy Analyst (Water Quality / Hydraulics)
Webindex: 66671534
Company: Capita Managed Services
Description: STRATEGY ANALYST (HYDRAULICS / WATER QUALITY) Location: COVENTRY CITY CENTRE Salary:   up to 10% company performance related annual bonus Are you looking to develop and improve within a professional and successful FTSE 100 company? We are currently recruiting for a STRATEGY ANALYST to support an experienced and professional water strategy team in developing and influencing strategies aimed at improving both infrastructure and noninfrastructure water related performance indicators over the medium term. The STRATEGY ANALYST is responsible for: Data analysis to help influence and shape Water Services strategy and make a significant contribution to the delivery of the Key Performance Indicators relating to water production o Water Quality Issues o Serviceability o Customer Interruptions to Supply o Growth, including future low pressure (DG****) performance Support the maintenance and development of the Company's Distribution Operation and Maintenance Strategy and Drinking Water Safety Plans Support with Development of strategy programmes for annual business planning and the Ofwat periodic review in 2014 Conduct hydraulic and water quality assessments of problems and develop notional solutions in support of Asset Creation and Service Delivery The STRATEGY ANALYST must have experience of: Undertaking hydraulic and / or water quality investigations into water distribution issues and developing solutions to address the root cause of problems identified Data analysis and problem solving Working within a regulatory framework Knowledge of risk management, costbenefit assessment. Considerable experience in a water industrybased or related role. Qualifications: Degree or equivalent in a Science / Engineering / Numeracy / Geography related discipline About Our Client Severn Trent Water serves over eight million customers across the heart of the UK, stretching from the Bristol Channel to the Humber and from midWales to the East Midlands. As a FTSE 100 company, they can offer a wide range of career opportunities and attractive benefits. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.