Title: FIELD SALES ENGINEER  South East London/Kent
Webindex: 68294936
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: FIELD SALES ENGINEER South East London/Kent The role: My client is at the forefront of developing industrial protective coatings and is heavily involved with systems for engineering maintenance. They are recommended extensively in the Oil and Gas, Petrochemical, Power Generation, Marine, Food and Drink and many other industries. Facilities Maintenance is also an important and evolving business sector, with applications ranging from specialist concrete repairs and roofing refurbishment through to sophisticated chemical containment and bunding systems. Responsibilities To help meet strategic goals and growth plans they have a permanent employment opportunity for a Field Sales Engineer to cover the areas of South East London/Kent. It is imperitive that you live ****n patch 34. Your application will not be considered if you live off patch.Reporting to the Regional Sales Manager, the Field Sales Engineer will hold responsibility for: Achieving sales growth by developing and expanding sales to existing customers in identified and targeted industry sectors. Growing the Territory customer base and achieving growth from opening new accounts in targeted industry sectors. Growing the territory business through building excellent relationships with enduser clients, contractors and other specialist routes to market. Developing relationships at all levels of our client organisations will be a key factor. Customer contacts can vary from Managing Directors to Architects, Facilities managers and engineering maintenance personnel. Reason for contact can include everything from Seminars, contract negotiation, through to supervising application demonstrations (with overalls on), with the emphasis on building durable client relationships aimed at delivering repeat sales. Accurate information and customer records are a central element driving success in the role. Experience of using laptop computer and other technology for customer records, reporting procedures and client presentations will be a distinct advantage. Working within a clearly defined Territory Business Plan that integrates fully with plans at Regional and National level. Clients and Key Objectives The successful candidates will sell a range of high quality Solutions and systems for the repair and maintenance of industrial and commercial facilities. Typical targets and clients would include: Manufacturing and Process Industries including:  Food Drink  Power generation  Facilities Maintenance General Industry such as Oil Gas, Refining and Chemical Processing. Local Authorities, Housing Associations, Building Surveyors, Architects Hospitals Schools/Universities The position will be territory based working from home, and will involve calling on specifiers, end users and contractors, creating and developing on going commercial relationships with contacts such as Chief Engineers, Facilities Managers, Maintenance Engineers, Contracts Managers, Architects, Surveyors, Civil/Mechanical Engineers, Health and Safety Officers, Environmental Engineers etc. Another key objective of the role will be to provide a full service to all potential customers including inspection and diagnosis of problems and the recommendation of the appropriate solution. This will include on site application training and supervision for customers' own maintenance teams. It will also include the onsite supervision of Contractors and customer contractor liaison. The Candidate Ideally selling business to business solutions in the Industrial/Commercial sectors. It would be great if you had experience of the Buildings Structures Industry. Specific experience gained in a technically oriented solution driven setting would be an advantage. Experienced in business development. Exceptional interpersonal skills linked to welldeveloped communication and presentation skills. The ability to operate with individuality and flair in a structured, professional environment that makes full use of ITreliant reporting and product information systems. Relevant Industry and/or Facilities Maintenance experience, combined with a demonstrable track record of success in B2B selling. If you feel you are the right person for this job  and live in the right area  then let me have your CV as soon as possible.