Title: Digital Graphic Designer  Leading Investment House
Webindex: 62004106
Company: Recruitment Revolution
Description: Digital Graphic Designer  Leading Investment House City (EC4) ****  **** (plus bonus, options benefits) Position Overview: Due to the continued growth of the business we are looking to recruit an experienced, technically capable and innovative designer. Candidates must have excellent creative and technical artworking skills, and proven experience of design for print and online (preferably with Flash, HTML5 or similar). Candidates will need to be comfortable delivering extremely high quality work in a fast paced environment. You will be involved in taking the brand to the next level, with a direct impact on the look and feel of the company as we move to the next stage in our expansion plans. They will also be responsible for managing and developing a junior designer/artworker who will report directly to them. More detail: Our inhouse Marketing team are looking for a versatile, confident and creative designer to collaborate on print and online campaigns. The output of work is broad so you will need to be comfortable working across diverse touch points including advertising, product brochures and sales aids, filming and video editing and digital, including website, digital assets and apps. You should have previous experience working within brand guidelines and be equally confident working with style sheets and setting up faultless artwork from scratch and working closely with the wider team to implement new brand guidelines. You should be a good allrounder and especially have strong typographical and page layout skills, as well as the experience, creativity and ability to quickly understand and develop from within the brief and the company s brand. You should work effectively within a team environment and in leading a more junior employee. Essential Job Functions: > Fluency in InDesign, Illustrator and Photoshop (CS4), QuarkXPress, Flash/HTML5 or similar > Ability to understand brand consistency, strictly follow branding guidelines and should have an excellent eye for detail > Interpreting the client s business needs and developing artwork to suit their purpose; thinking creatively to produce new ideas and concepts > Capable of working effectively under pressure and to tight deadlines and be able managing several tasks simultaneously > Be highly organised and capable of handling project through the whole production process, working closely all stakeholders > Developing design briefs by gathering information and data through research > Proofreading to produce accurate and highquality work > General marketing DTP support and modifying existing documentation across our entire product range > Sector experience is highly preferred, though not essential for exceptional candidates Competency Requirements: > Focus on Impact  Creates a culture that promotes new ideas and approaches (and the support required) and links with overall business objectives > Customer Obsession  builds understanding, internally and externally in communicating our enduring purpose, brand, goals, and strategies. Our brand isn t what we say it is, it s what the customers say it is > Quality  operating to the highest standards of work quality in all output 100% is the only target Company Overview: Since our establishment in **** we have built a reputation for creating innovative and successful investment products that meet the needs of individual investors. It is this approach, combined with excellent service levels and award winning product performance, which has made us one of the fastest growing fund management companies in the UK. Application Statement: By applying for this role you give express consent for us to process submit (subject to required skills) your application to our client in conjunction with this vacancy only. The Digital Graphic Designer is brought to you by RecruitmentRevolution.com The UK's first online recruitment agency created ****