Title: Facilities Engineer  Rail
Webindex: 69024972
Description: Shorterm Group are currently recruiting for the following: Job Title: Facilities Team Leader (Rail) Job Location: Ilford, Essex Salary:****k (contracting hourly rate to be confirmed) Hours:Monday  Friday 8am  4.30pm (Occasional Weekends) 44 hours per week Duration:**** year contract Job responsibilities To assist the Facilities and Depot Infrastructure Manager in the running of the Facilities Department by carrying out Depot plant and infrastructure maintenance and supervision of external contactors. Providing proactive support in ensuring that the depot infrastructure is maintained to an appropriate level corresponding to the requirements of the Company Quality, Safety & Environmental Policies. Main responsibilities are: Responsible for line management of Depot services operative. Ensure department are performing their duties as per company polices and industry standards. And ensuring that the tasks as defined in the depot services planned preventative maintenance list plan are being carried out. To supervise and monitor maintenance contractors and cleaning staff ensuring they are carrying out work to set/expected standards of performance. Issue Work/Access Permits and maintain the permit register. Investigate and rectify accordingly any reports of faults/break downs to plant equipment and depot infrastructure or call out contractor if required, and oversee work done. Carry out general maintenance of the depot/office/buildings and their contents. Perform inspections and planned/reactive maintenance of a mechanical and electrical nature to depot infrastructure systems as laid out in the depot service plan/list. Have main responsibility for maintenance and servicing of CWM (Carriage wash machine) and CET (Common effluent tank) and their associated systems, compressor's, pumps etc. Assist the Facilities and Depot Infrastructure Manager in maintaining Health and Safety records for inspection by Auditors and Local authorities. Responsible for contacting and arranging maintenance and repair of services/equipment under contract and those not under contract. Assist in reviewing department and external contractor risk assessments and method statements. Carry out spot checks of external contractor work. To help the Facilities and Depot Infrastructure Manager manage and monitor the effectiveness of service provider's service agreements/contracts. Assist in preparation and maintenance of all departmental records/procedures in relation to COSHH data. To assist in conducting safety and environmental inspections in relation to Company activities and carry out (PGI's) planned general inspections and carryout safety tours of the depot with Union representatives. To provide assistance in implementing necessary winter precautions in surrounding Depot areas as directed by line manager. To provide support in the preparation and maintenance of a register of portable electrical equipment and PAT testing status / records. To monitor all areas of Company activities and ensure compliance with internal/external standards and relevant documented procedures, giving immediate feedback to management in the event of nonconformity. Liaison with internal and external personnel as required for the duties of the roll. Assist as required by Line Manager Essential Licences / Competences Network Rail Sentinel PTS (company provides training) Portable appliance testing equipment (company provides training) MEWP Mobile elevated work platform. (company provides training) Knowledge of building systems/safety critical machinery/, maintenance and construction techniques required. Experience in facilities management preferred. Manual Handling Working at Height Ability to operate and maintain tools and equipment. Powered plant and tools  air/****v. Fork Lift Must possess relevant computer skills to include good working knowledge of word processing and spreadsheet applications word/excel and be willing to learn bespoke ICT systems. Qualifications Time served apprenticeship (Mechanical or Electrical) NVQ level 3 (Mechanical/Electrical) or other equivalent qualifications/experience. Behavioural Sound knowledge of, and compliance to, rules and regulations Good written and verbal communication skills. Able to represent Company in a professional manner at all times Good team worker Position holder must be able to interface effectively with all levels of personnel both within and outside the company. Ability to train and supervise lowerlevel employees. Ability to plan/develop, and monitor work schedules to ensure efficient use of personnel Candidates from the following background will be considered: Planned Preventative Maintenance Heavy Plant & Equipment Maintenance Production Line equipment maintenance Production environment Engineering environment Ex Forces Ex RAF