Title: Bids Proposals Manager
Webindex: 69733852
Company: LLOYD RECRUITMENT SERVICES LIMITED
Description: Role  Bids and Proposals Manager Location  Redhill Salary  ****k Leading organisation with offices based on the outskirts of Redhill seeks a Bids and Proposals Manager. The Role To manage the production of accurately estimated and winning Bids and Proposals in accordance with required timescales and corporate processes. Main duties to include: Ensure adherence to company procedures Manage bids and proposals across a broad spectrum from 50K to 50M and attainment of critical deadlines Support the Business Development team in customer meetings Collaborate with the procurement department to identify and assess potential technology partners Work with Engineering and Customer Services to generate ideas and USPs to deliver winning bids Plan and prioritise resources for bid preparation, negotiation and future project delivery Ensure the bid is planned and submitted in a timely manner Produce reports as required. Continuously improve the Bid and Proposal process. Ensure that feedback is obtained from customers on both winning and losing bids and incorporate such feedback as appropriate into subsequent bids and proposals Manage the bids and proposals budget Train, develop and manage staff reporting to the role. The Candidate With previous project management or bid management experience, you will be able to prioritise, and manage multiple initiatives simultaneously with the skills to influence and facilitate compromise. You will have experience of working with internal and external customers, have previously supervised or managed a small team and have the ability to build strong collaborative relationships across departmental boundaries. The post holder will need to be self motivated and be able to demonstrate clear and effective verbal and written skills, able to communicate effectively at all levels up to and including board, both within the business and externally. It is desirable although not essential to have previous experience of working in a systems engineering environment and have contracts management experience. Unfortunately, due to the high volume of applications, we are only able to contact shortlisted candidates.