Title: Demand Planner (FMCG)
Webindex: 72441161
Company: Antal International Limited   Warrington
Description: My Client a large FMCG company are looking to bring in an experienced Demand and Production Planner for their site in the South West. You will be expected to provide an integrated production planning and scheduling service for a large drinks company maximising the benefits available through the IREN APS system. Maintaining and using the APS to schedule production for a specified group of products and production lines in line with the inventory policies, demand plan created using the forecasting software and sales orders to ensure customer service targets are met whilst eliminating operational waste and ensuring the production lines are scheduled as efficiently as possible. Duties and Responsibilities  Maintenance and daily management of the APS software (Advanced Planning and Scheduling)  Schedule production for specified products and production lines, understanding all physical and crewing constraints on the lines planned.  Understand all factory products/lines to enable effective absence and weekend (on a rota) cover of other planners.  Monitor factory performance daily, challenging and understanding where performance is different from what was expected.  Monitor stock cover daily, avoiding stock outs and overstocks where possible, raising these with the Master Scheduler where they cannot be avoided.  Monitor the daily availability of materials managed by the Materials team, challenging as necessary when materials are not available as required.  Capacity balancing of products across lines, using APS set up to ensure lines are not overloaded. If balance cannot be achieved with the constraints of production/crewing, raise with the Master Scheduler.  Ensure run rates, inventory targets, batch quantities, changeover times and other data key to planning accuracy are regularly reviewed and maintained correctly in appropriate systems.  Understand forecasts for specified products, monitor accuracy and challenge where necessary.  In cooperation with the other planners ensure that sufficient NFC, Conc, Sugar, Glucose and other tanker supplied materials are ordered and balanced to the plan requirements.  Management of scheduling all preblend activities on site.  Meet with the production team leaders each day, ensure that through this meeting and other communication, the factory are aware of any plan changes/requirements and of any potential issues.  Ensure all plans are feasible in terms of material supply, notify production of potential material shortfalls.  Liaise with the commercial team on day to day scheduling/stock issues.  Coordinate product launches effectively to eliminate unnecessary line downtime and packaging/material waste.  Ensure a complete and comprehensive MPS is generated at the required intervals.  Ensure required reports and KPIs are generated at the necessary frequency, monitored and utilised correctly to ensure improvement actions are generated and completed.  Manage the monitoring of finished goods and highlight any potential write off in line with departmental procedures for a planning/commercial decision to be made to minimise impact  Become the Planning Key User on specified areas agreed with the Master Scheduler (e.g. Forecasting system, APS, tanker supply, other systems, etc.)  Take an active part in the continuous improvement of all operations. In return my client offers the successful candidate an excellent package with benefits. If you feel you have the necessary skills and experience for this role please forward your CV to lmccoyantal.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DemandPlannerFMCG_job****