Title: Senior Submarine Design Engineer
Webindex: 70216004
Company: Electus Recruitment Solutions
Description: Senior Submarine Design Engineer My client is the leading independent organisation for engineering design, design support and technical services to defence customers. From concept design to acquisition support, inservice design and technology management, my client is known for its innovation, expertise and ability to tackle the most complex design and systems issues. My client is renowned for their strong track record in naval platform design for surface warships, submarines and auxiliaries together with extensive acquisition support experience within land domain projects. As part of my client s business growth and development, we currently seek a Senior Submarine Design Engineer, to be based in Bristol (frequent travel within the UK will also be required). Supporting the full range of current Royal Navy submarines (including the ASTUTE class), the Senior Submarine Design Engineer will be responsible for the leadership, management and conduct of a wide range of technical tasks in support of the UK s fleet of submarines, working within in a small, dedicated team of Naval Architects and Structural Engineers, with activities focused around structural analysis, hydrostatics, hydrodynamics and signatures control. The Senior Submarine Design Engineer will have: A degree (or equivalent) in an engineering or scientific discipline Knowledge of MoD working practices, the production of technical reports, familiarity with submarine design and construction Experience in the conduct of analysis, both from first principles and through the use of advanced FEA and CFD, to conduct design and assessment studies, you will ideally have a good knowledge of ANSYS Experience of submarine engineering to enable a fully rounded approach to the development of engineering solutions The capability of developing technical solutions, managing subcontractors The ability to manage programme, technical and safety risks A demonstrable ability to deliver to time, quality and budget The ability to work flexibly and under minimal daytoday supervision As you will be required to deal with MoD clients and subcontractor representatives you will be able to communicate effectively at a variety of levels An understanding of the operational aspects of submarine support would be of benefit as would Chartership and/or a postgraduate qualification. Please note: Due to the nature of work undertaken at our client s site, incumbents of these positions are required to meet special nationality rules and therefore these vacancies are only open to sole British Citizens. Applicants who meet this criteria will also be required to undergo security clearance vetting, if not already security cleared to a minimum SC level. Key Words: Submarine, Engineer, Design, Naval, Royal Navy, Defence, MoD, Ministry of Defence, FEA, CFD, Ansys, Structural, Hydrostatics, Hydrodynamics In return for your technical expertise and dedication, you will be rewarded with a competitive salary and staff benefit. If you are a good match then please apply with a CV to learn more about this truly fantastic opportunity to work for a market leader who has an enviable reputation. Electus Recruitment Solutions provides specialist engineering and technical recruitment solutions to a number of high technology industries. We thank you for your interest in this vacancy. If you don t hear from us within **** working days please presume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. You are of course free to resubmit your CV/details in the future and we shall assess your suitability at that time. Services advertised by Electus Recruitment Solutions are those of an Agency (perm). This role is a permanent position.Electus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy