Title: Electronics / electrical engineer
Webindex: 70676798
Company: Bluefire Consulting Limited
Description: Electronics/ Electrical Engineer Marlow (field based Europe) ********K depending on experience The role We are looking to recruit an experienced electronics / electrical engineer to join our clients service team be based from our clients U.K. depot in Marlow. The role will consist of both office and field based (U.K. and EMEA) responsibilities. Our client specialises in the manufacturing of NonContact Measurement Systems and Control Solutions for manufacturing / engineering/ industrial customers. The role will require you on occasions to provide field based support including carrying out maintenance, repairs, installations and fault diagnostics to the non contact measurement equipment and control systems. This is a highly pressurised environment with a very demanding sales team. Applied understanding of interface protocol, analog and digital circuit analysis, electrical systems, optics and low power lasers technical training will be provided, along with tools, spares and know how on their noncontact measurement and control systems  Strong I.T. skills including (Word and Excel) Practical / commercial work experience in a technical discipline required and working experience as a Field Service Engineer or workshop engineer would be preferred. Exposure to industrial applications and factory automation including safety and risk prevention practices Demonstrated ability in working on ones own with solid initiative, resourcefulness and analytical skills including the focus and dedication to deliver in meeting customer expectations  Excellent communication and customer service skills.  German speaking listening and writing skills  Fully valid driving licence. The candidate The ideal candidate for this role would be a time served engineer from a workshop field based environment who has specialised in working with control systems and/or non contact measurement equipment. As a large majority of the clients customers are located in Germany it is essential for this role that you are have excellent German speaking, listening and writing skills. The ideal candidate will be degree/ HND educated in electrical/electronic engineering or have equivalent working experience. Candidates should have at least 4 years experience working with control systems, were as anyone who has previously worked with lasers or noncontact measurement systems would be warmly received. We would be keen to speak with engineers who have worked within industrial plants/ manufacturing environments and on automated machinery. Candidates need to have a very customer focused manner as the company has a best in class mantra in regards to customer experience and service. We are looking for engineers who are able to think on their feet and enjoy challenges and working to deadlines. Candidates should be able to demonstrate an ability to work on ones own with solid initiative, resourcefulness and analytical skills including the focus and dedication to deliver in meeting customer expectations. The client Our client is a Global Developer, Manufacturer, and Application Specialist committed to advancing the innovation of precision measurement, control solutions and systems where designing, supplying and servicing a wide range of noncontact measurement technologies. Industries and measurement solutions span multiple process intensive applications such as building products, nonwoven materials, paper, plastic, wire and cable, fibre optics, pipe and tube, primary metals, and dimensional metrology. The company presents rewarding opportunities to exceptional people the site/ Field Service Engineering role provides an exciting challenge and advancement for an engineer looking to prove their technical abilities and customer care in a frontline field service role. Bluefire consulting is an employment agency acting on behalf of the client company.