Title: Maintenance Engineering Team Leader
Webindex: 65081780
Company: Nicholas Associates
Description: MAINTENANCE TEAM LEADER PURPOSE: Directly responsible for the assignment and coordination and / or execution of activities within the Maintenance Department to ensure a productive workforce that supports the facility. Oversee planning and preparation of work to ensure the plant is maintained in a safe, reliable and efficient manner. THE ROLE: Determine schedules, sequences and assignments for work activities based on work priority, quantity of equipment / parts and skill of personnel. Monitor departments work levels and review performance Develop, implement and evaluate maintenance policies and procedures. Compile operational and personnel records, such as time and production records, repair and maintenance statistics. Perform skilled repair and maintenance operations. Compute and present estimates and actual costs of factors such as materials, labour and outside contractors as applicable. Effectively oversee Maintenance personnel to ensure all assigned activities are performed effectively and efficiently in accordance with plant procedures and any external governing legislation. The company s policies for Health and Safety must be followed by all staff at all times. Provide direction to the Maintenance Department for corrective maintenance repairs, performance of preventative maintenance and the implementation of modifications. Identify and implement areas for maximise operating profit through the use of planned maintenance where it is more effective then alternatives. Maximise equipment reliability and efficiency through the use of planned maintenance. Make sure the company s policies and procedures for Quality are followed at all times. Carry out spot checks on production lines to maintain a high quality output. Be fully aware of TS and customer specific requirements Any other duties within your capabilities and reasonably requested by the Company PERSON SPECIFICATION: A sound maintenance engineering background, with an electrical bias. With extensive knowledge and experience in the fields of mechanical, and pneumatics. Experience with electronics advantageous Proven experience within high volume mass production environments. Press work advantageous. Experience with ISO/TS**** advantageous Organised, self motivated and selfmanaging. IT Literate and familiar with Microsoft packages Able to communicate effectively (both verbally and written) Able to work effectively as a member of a team as well as leading it