Title: Mechanical Project EngineerManchesterContract/Perm
Webindex: 69081818
Company: Jonathan Lee Recruitment Ltd
Description: Our client is currently looking to appoint a Mechanical Project Engineer based in Heywood (north Manchester) on either a permanent or contract basis. The company is a worldleader in the provision of project management, technical engineering and construction services to the Water industry, on programs ranging from Water Supply, Treatment and Storage to Water Resources Management and Coastal Restoration. As Mechanical Project Engineer you will provide technical input to the Mechanical design of waste and energy schemes. This will include working on multidisciplinary teams of civil, mechanical, process and electrical/ICA Engineers. You will assist the Project/Construction Manager in coordinating an effective and economic plant design and procurement strategy, ensuring information is issued in time to enable construction, commissioning and putting to work in line with the Contract Programme, provide cost data for forecasts and evaluation of variations. You will be responsible for:  The preparation of, or supervision of preparation of, drawings for plant general arrangements, power single line diagrams, cable block diagrams, instrumentation loop diagrams, PandIDs, control system architecture drawings, and cable, instrument and I/O schedules.  The production of documentation, including user requirement specifications / control philosophies, Mechanical specifications, schedules of prices and engineer s estimates  Calculations and implementation of Functional safety and BSEN ****  Ensuring that all works are designed in accordance with CDM regulations.  Liaising with client/project manager.  Liaising with subcontractors.  Liaising with site management on design and procurement issues. Applicants will have an industry applicable ONC/HNC/B.Eng or NVQ equivalent and experience and understanding of industrial plant/process industry. The role will be on either a contract rates of **** per hour or a permanent salary of **** per year  package. If you are interested in this position, please forward your CV as soon as possible. To discuss the Mechanical Project Engineer role in more detail, please contact Alec Price at Jonathan Lee Recruitment on (Apply online only). Your CV will be forwarded to Jonathan Lee Recruitment, a leading engineering and manufacturing recruitment consultancy established in 1978. The services advertised by Jonathan Lee Recruitment are those of an Employment Agency