Title: PROJECT MANAGER CCTV, ACCESS FIRE SYSTEMS
Webindex: 69082874
Company: Candidate Source
Description: PROJECT MANAGER ****  **** BASED BIRMINGHAM BUT WITH TRAVEL THROUGHOUT THE UK This is a long established national security company that provides installation and maintenance services on CCTV Access Control to organisations UK wide. This is an exciting opportunity an experienced Project Manager with experience in CCTV, Access Control and Fire systems to monitor and manage teams of engineers fulfilling contracts and projects on client sites throughout the UK. MAIN DUTIES PROJECT MANAGER The successful candidate will be responsible for:  Ensuring that Engineers carry out the installation of security systems as per the specification within the time allowed and to the client s programme and on budget.  Directing any installation engineers, engineer assistants and subcontract labour as to the necessary tasks that need to be undertaken to complete the works.  Liaising with the client/contractor as to the progress of the project and advise the project manager of any changes to the specification as directed by them  Working with the Contracts Manager and keeping him updated as to the progress of the project  Assisting with the management of engineers diaries  Handing over the completed systems to the client/contractor with all necessary documentation  Travelling to contract sites as required across the UK.  Maintaining appropriate levels of health PROJECT MANAGER The successful applicant will have demonstrable knowledge of CCTV, Access control and Fire systems along with the ability to manage both large and small contracts. Strong IT skills are essential to the progression of the role as is the ability to work to deadlines within budgets. A full driving licence is essential The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website