Title: Senior Technical Support / Product Improvement Officer
Webindex: 67770018
Description: A Senior Technical Support / Product Improvement Officer is required to join one of the UKs fastest growing Internet based hot tub retailers. They are looking for a technically minded person to take on a wide and varied role in their rapidly expanding team.You will have a direct influence over the quality of their products, and an even bigger influence over the happiness of their customers. Key responsibilities include:  Providing operative advice/guidance and support to their customers.  Diagnosing and resolving any technical faults by telephone, email, or occasionally by site visits. Liaising with and booking service engineers where necessary.  Maintaining statistics on common faults to help us understand where their products needs to improve.  Researching innovative changes to their products to reduce the number of common faults.  Working with their design team to produce stunning web and video content to help customers get the most out of their hot tubs. Produce new product documentation and manuals where necessary.  Act as their product expert and run occasional training sessions to improve staff knowledge Skills and Experience: They are looking an entrepreneurial thinker; someone who is able to spot opportunities and put in place the systems to to achieve them.  Have at least 2 years experience in a similar role  Have a strong understanding of electrics.  Excellent oral and written communicator.  Should thrive under pressure  Confident when speaking with high end clients under pressure.  Passionate about customer service  Fast learner and should be able to think on your feet.  Have a relevant technical qualification  Have an excellent knowledge of Windows Applications  Have a willingness to learn, be enthusiastic, highly motivated and able to take initiative  Be self motivated The successful candidate will receive a competitive salary of ****  **** depending on experience plus 22 days holiday and bank holidays and a Laptop