Title: Site Systems Engineer  Aberdeen  ****k bens
Webindex: 70607574
Company: microTECH Recruitment
Description: Site Systems Engineer (onshore/offshore) Aberdeen ****k  ****k per annum s manufacturing and energy generating facilities. Due to continued growth they are seeking an experienced Site Systems Engineer to work in their Aberdeen facility, the core aspects of this role is to to install, configure and maintain a range of DCS/SCADA systems in the oil and gas, energy, chemical, pulp, paper, printing and manufacturing markets. Role Responsibilities You will be office based but spend 50% of your time travelling either onshore to client sites. You will work on shift pattern to provide oncall emergency corrective maintenance and support, this includes twentyfour/seven rotation. As a Systems Service Engineer, you will provide technical support, services and expertise to customers and other service personnel in determining and solving software, hardware, or operating system problems. System Service Engineers will be expected to conduct lines of questioning that identify the product problem while minimizing customer anxiety and increasing customer satisfaction. System Engineers will be expected to prioritize solutions according to customer schedules and downtime costs; this will allow our customer assets to have high availability and to operate as efficiently as possible. Working autonomously with regular travel to customer sites, you will need to have confident communications both written and oral and be comfortable working in a remote team. Required Experience: Extensive and proven experience working within instrumentation process control, or electronic systems experience. HNC/HND qualified in industrial measurement and control or equivalent qualification Experience of process control and a proven background within automation industry is essential, preferably within Oil, Gas or Chemical DCS **** Safety Systems experience is essential Previous experience of installation, commissioning and site acceptance. Motivated to learn and improve technical knowledge and capability Passionate in applying their craft Good communicators verbally and written This is an excellent career opportunity to work within an established and professional organisation using the industry s highest technologies, they can offer a leading salary and benefits package including 25 days holiday, lifestyle benefits, pension, company vehicle and phone and company credit card