Title: CCTV / Fire Team Leader / Senior Engineer
Webindex: 72439867
Company: CV Bay
Description: MultiDisciplined Senior / Team Leader – West Midlands The Senior Engineer will provide full technical and supervisory support to the Team Leaders and Engineers in the execution of their duties, ensuring a high quality service to clients. They will provide day to day support in the installation and service of all systems and activities provided by the organisation. Key Tasks To support fellow Senior Engineers on large, multidiscipline installations. To assist and guide other Engineers and Team Leaders as required. To take ownership of allocated tasks. Resolve day to day and ad hoc queries. Identify and where appropriate escalate issues to Engineering Manager to ensure up to date operational knowledge and best practice is shared within the team. To guide and support Team Leaders in the management of the Engineering Team workload. Provide technical support to their team and other Engineers. Liaison with other contractors and clients as appropriate. Comply with company procedures and documentation. Provide support for compilation of data for specific projects, working alongside one or more managers and Senior Engineers. Product ordering. To manage team compliance with company policies and procedures. Organise internal and external meetings and act as a focal point for projects and activities. Liaise with clients at strategic level in client companies. Prepare reports and presentations and deliver feedback to line manager. Provide support to the Project Management team as appropriate. Enforce adherence to company health and safety rules on site. Conduct weekly Toolbox Talks on site to all company operatives. Provide day work quotations To undertake on and off the job training. Working away from home when required. Any other duties as directed, by an Engineering Manager or above. Provide projectinput and feedback to project management. To monitor site attendance and provide report functions throughout projects. To manage health and safety issues and carry out tool box talks. To provide innovation in product or installation techniques at all levels. To monitor fiscal and commercial activity and provide reporting functions throughout all projects. To monitor programme requirements and timescales and assist with procurement management and product availability. To provide design input and technical support at all stages of a project. To diaries all queries, issues delays / miscellaneous incidents throughout projects you are directly involved with. Senior Engineer Person Specification The CCTV / Fire Team Leader / Senior Engineer should: Have a commitment to delivering excellence Reliability Honesty Aptitude for learning Flexibility Enthusiasm Feedback skills Motivate others Lead by example Be c ourteous and respectful to others A minimum of six years industry experience Skills and competencies Able to understand, follow and communicate instructions and procedures to others. Oral and written communication skills. Communicate technical aspects of an installation in simple terms. Report writing. Presentation skills Comprehend and understand technical training. Ability to work at heights. Be able to work individually and as part of a team Methodical approach. To demonstrate ow This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CCTVFireTeamLeaderSeniorEngineer_job****