Title: Service and Commissioning Engineer (Worldwide)
Webindex: 71568086
Company: solutions 2 recruitment
Description: Our client are a successful engineering company who are looking to recruit a Service and Commissioning Engineer to work from Redhill, Surrey but travel world wide to customers to service and commission their systems. Previous experience of this is essential as is the requirement to travel. Ideally you will have worked with electromechanical assemblies and monitoring equipment. The job spec is as follows: Purpose of Job  To commission and bring into service Monitors Systems at customers premises on a Worldwide basis.  To repair and service existing monitoring equipment, both in house and at customers premises, on a Worldwide basis.  Train customers personnel in the correct use of the monitors, maintenance procedures and fault finding techniques.  To construct electromechanical machines, (i.e. monitors and systems) to be built in accordance with relevant technical specifications, customer requirements and documented procedures.  Assist Research and Development Department with the development of new Ssstems equipment and the design and operation of analytical test if required.  A standard of work must be maintained which complies with the Company's quality assurance standard. These requirements will apply whether working 'in  house' or 'on  site' at a customer location.  Be prepared to undertake other activities to advance the Company's interests within the capability of the individual.  Provide feedback of a technical or commercial nature, from experiences gained in the field, relating to product support, function, reliability and customer comments. Method  All work will be undertaken and performed in accordance with the specifications and requirements.  Plan a systematic method of completing his/her task by working to relevant manuals, drawings, written documents, procedures etc. **** Be flexible to the Company's needs. **** Be able to interpret both written and verbal instructions.  Be prepared to under go training necessary to ensure that he/she is capable of carrying out his/her duties in a competent and effective manner.  To complete concise job progress reports to ensure that senior members of staff are aware of the status of a current job.  Compile completed job reports highlighting problems encountered.  Be capable of assessing problems and making judgements within the limits of his/her authority.  The effective utilisation of resources enabling expedient completion of the contract.  Maintain a 'good housekeeping' approach to the place of work and the premises as a whole.  Report and file information that is of use or interest to the company or fellow technicians. To work within the parameters of issued procedures. Liase with departments in the event of any ambiguities arising.