Title: Area Cleaning Manager (South East)
Webindex: 68345846
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview FMHead Office Purpose of Role To assist and support the Facilities Manager in providing day to day operational nbsp;management for all services within a portfolio of buildings. To supervise facilities personnel as required. This is an active and visible role requiring excellent customer relationship skills. Working as part of a Team, the AFM will be expected to positively contribute to the performance of the business and build stong local relationships with the client and internal teams . Key Objectives of the Role Support the Facilities Manager in promoting a culture of excellent customer service and establishing excellent working relationships with client. Assist the Facilities Manager in reviewing existing services, specifications, processes, productivity levels and quality control to secure and increase the efficient use of resources. Support the Facilities Manager in ensuring that predetermined output specifications and key targets are met for the region amp; portfolio of buildings. Compilation of budgetary information to assist in annual budgetary and monthly forecasting processes. Advising on payroll issues concerning staff within the portfolio of buildings under postholder s responsibility (i.e. include overtime, absence etc). Assist in the management of Facilities staff to include: undertaking disciplinary investigations in line with company policy; undertaking initial recruitment interviews for Facilities positions; assist in the motivation and leadership of staff. Assist in the recruitment and induction of facilities staff within the region s portfolio of buildings. Ensure that all health and safety legislation and company policy is adhered to, within own level of responsibility (to include: undertaking role of Fire Warden and/or First Aider as required). Assist the Facilities Manager in undertaking regular site and service inspection tours and identifying areas on nonadhered to quality standards as appropriate Job Level Overview The Job Holder is subject to managerial control and the job is generally subject to practices and procedures that have clear precedents, or are covered by closely defined policies. The Job Holder may be part qualified and will certainly possess some specialised skills that may have been gained through on the job experience. The Job Holder s performance will have either a minimal impact on plc performance, or a very small impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Accountable for the completion of standard or nonstandard tasks, within the scope of the function Delivers activities to support operational objectives for their role Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically up to 6 months Makes decisions within parameters set by manager, using job/specialist experience Interacts with client or users around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Supervises the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility Focus of work on the completion of a set of related tasks for a particular section or service with the ability to accommodate new tasks Financial Accountabilities Identifies ways to reduce cost Work within a given budget, usually without authorised spend of their own People Accountabilities Required to supervise a small team Coordinates available resource to deal with the work in hand Required to assist less experienced staff Undertakes the performance reviews and provides training recommendations Responsible for performance management issues and recommending disciplinary actions. Knowledge and Applied Skills Working knowledge of one functional area through job experience amp; training Likely to have 25 years business experience, be a minimum partqualified professional, and have a Certificate Level of Qualification as a minimum. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information This role will include a variety of tasks including the following: Client Facing Activities Service Responsible for all team members understanding amp; carrying out their duties in a correct and timely manner in accordance with cleaning specification Identify and drive out inefficiencies of all tasks Estimate chargeable adhoc / reactive activities and issue quotations Issue reactive tasks to appropriate cleaning resource Ensuring high standards of Housekeeping are achieved at all times, being flexible, able to meet the changing operational needs on a continual basis and to suggest new initiatives to ensure best practice is continually delivered Ensure the cleaning operation is completed correctly amp; check standard of cleanliness. Maintenance and correct/safe usage of all equipment on site ensuring any faults and reported and resolved as a matter of priority Correct usage of cleaning chemicals in line with COSHH regulations and also local client policies, ensuring minimal waste and sufficient stocks are always maintained. Ensure adequate quality performance (KPI s / SLA s) measures are adhered too and any non compliance is resolved in a professional and timely manner. To be involved with the control and delivery of the staff rosters and assisting with correct manning levels ensuring compliance is maintained at all times. Supporting the FM s in prioritizing all Housekeeping incidents ensuring all key personnel are kept fully informed at all times. Quality Conduct regular audits of cleaning standards and follow up on any audit Non conformances Conduct regular review of Customer satisfaction (ServExcel) Maintain / foster excellent relationships with all stakeholders on site. Establish regular contact with Key customer on each site Carillion Facing Activities To support the National / Regional Managers in the operational management of the cleaning contract across multi sites and accounts. To ensure the operation is managed in line with company policies and procedures. The maintenance of efficient and accurate records for quality, cost control and payroll. To provide professional support to the business in service related matters and promote the Carillion brand at all times. Ensure that the Supervisors / Housekeepers have appropriate assistance as required. nbsp;You may be expected undertake any housekeeping tasks as required. People To deliver excellent communication and motivation with site based teams including communicating on a regular basis so that a sound communication channel exists in order that team goals can be achieved. Hold regular ****s and job chats as required under Carillion people management policy To be involved with and the completion of recruitment, Induction training, developing and training of staff. Recognise staff appropriately where the Carillion Values are consistently being achieved To support the identification of training needs and ensure accurate site records are maintained at all times. Ensuring strict compliance to the Data Protection Act and associated regulations. IMS To support the Cleaning organization by ensuring job chats are conducted at least 4 times a year, that objectives; performance reviews and Toolbox Talks are completed as per company policy. To be responsible and accountable for safety and welfare of team members. To make sure that all team members are familiar with and adhere to the Company s Health and Safety Policy and Procedures To assist with the completion of accident investigation amp; reporting documents. Responsible for the correct safety training for all line reports and their reports. Financial Responsible for the correct amp; accurate recording of absences with managing absence, including sickness and annual leave for all direct reports. To conduct return to work interviews and perform absence management processes as required. Responsible for the ordering of the correct levels and types of stock, the reconciliation of stock against order and the control of onsite stock levels. To complete all company paperwork as required. Ensure welfare needs of all team members are addressed in a prompt and expedient way obtaining advice and guidance in line with company policy and procedures. Undertake any other reasonable duties as required to meet the needs of the business