Title: Facilities Manager  Manchester
Webindex: 68711509
Company: Management Recruitment Group
Description: Summary: Our client, a toptier Global Law Firm require a polished and professional Facilities Manager to deliver first class FM services to their Manchester offices. About the role: As Facilities Manager you will be responsible for the delivery of all hard and soft facilities services to our clients Manchester office. Acting in the guise of Contract Manager, you will monitor, review and drive the performance of all outsourced facilities services through SLA and KPI management, ensuring that a first class service is delivered and maintained. The successful Facilities Manager candidate will also lead all workplace and workspace utilisation projects within the Manchester office, ensuring that all space is optimised and conducive to a productive and safe working environment. The right person: The ideal candidate will have a quantifiable track record of delivering and maintaining first class facilities management services within a corporate office environment, such as a Law Firm, a Financial Services organisation or an Insurance company. Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills are a necessity, and interested candidates must be able to demonstrate strong commercial understanding and the ability to manage complex budgets. This role represents an excellent opportunity to join a leading name within the Commercial Law sector, and would suit a proactive and committed facilities management professional wanting to progress their career within a large organisation. If you are seeking a career move but this position is not right for you, please browse the other vacancies on our website. The Management Recruitment Group are specialists in Facilities and Property Management Recruitment and have a range of posts available. We also welcome speculative applications. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FacilitiesManagerManchester_job****