Title: Principal Mechanical Design Engineer (Avionic Packaging)
Webindex: 69250172
Company: Ceema Technology Recruitment Limited
Description: We are currently seeking a principal mechanical design engineer for a leading defence company. Job Purpose:An opportunity to support the Mechanical Design function in order to meet both project and statutory requirements and to improve the effectiveness of the Mechanical Design function. If you are a senior mechanical design engineer then please apply This candidate will be responsible for achieving assigned engineering objectives, solving technical problems and providing effective solutions, whilst ensuring timely delivery to both internal and external customers. To effectively support the engineering manager as required, complementing the mechanical engineering team in supporting future projects and marketing opportunities. To ensure engineering activity is carried out in accordance with Engineering procedures and to review and update engineering procedures regularly to ensure they remain up to date and compliant within the industry guidelines and aerospace requirements. Plans and coordinates own work and can direct junior engineers when assigned within the design team. Provides assurance to project activities where required and assisting project leaders in delivering to the customer. Can provide constructive challenges and identifying key issues and providing guidance on the mitigations. To mentor and coach more junior engineers and to provide technical supervision and review in their skill area. To help identifying and implement training and development needs for more junior team members and be responsible for own development. To build and maintain excellent internal and external customer relationships, working closely with the operations team, external supply chain and the end customer Monitor/scrutinise work performed by the team to ensure that high technical standards are achieved within timescales and budget. To provide leadership and motivation to a multidisciplinary team of engineers to meet the project objectives Essential Extensive experience of mechanical design in Aerospace Avionic Packaging or similar industry applications. Ability to lead and manage small size team and work packages Technically competent to assess and manage technical risk in their area and honestly presenting the detail and the wider impact Sound analytical and problem solving skills, applying practical and economic solutions to any problems encountered Able to communicate succinctly and accurately on technical issues and schemes with internal and external customers and the team