Title: French Speaking Turbomachinery Engineer
Webindex: 69600887
Company: Alliance Consulting
Description: Mechanical Engineer, (Rotating Machinery Applications) To ****circa  10% Bonus  Excellent Benefits Based Middlesex Please note that it is ESSENTIAL that you are able to speak French fluently. In addition to French, candidates who are able to speak Italian may be of additional interest. COMPANY DESCRIPTION With a turnover exceeding $140m (US), my client is a global leader in the design manufacture of rotating equipment assemblies used in a vast array of applications. They are currently seeking to appoint a mechanical engineer. Their significant presence and continually growing reputation within the Oil Gas and Power Generation / turbomachinery markets is synonymous with their year on year increase in turnover and profit. Such performance paves the way for a fantastic opportunity with a company that truly values its members of staff and ensures that continued training and development is something that will be sustained throughout a person's career. Due to continued growth, they are seeking to appoint a mechanical / application engineer who is able to speak French fluently. Applications are invited from engineers who have a solid grounding in mechanical engineering and especially from those who are able to demonstrate an understanding of rotating machinery, such as turbines / turbomachinery, drilling rigs, pumps, compressors, engines, crankshafts, drivetrain, gearboxes etc. You may already be working in design, development or applications and are ready to move into a diverse role which encompasses all of these aspects, alongside Project Engineering. RESPONSIBILITIES Prepare and present technical tendering documents for new projects to customers including commercial information wherever necessary. Develop close working relationships with key customers, ensuring that any business opportunities are recognised and responded to appropriately at an early stage. Follow up open proposals and report status on a regular and timely basis. Present in weekly department meeting business conditions and issues with customers. Prepare and run analysis of our product design characteristics, interpret results and determine optimum solution to the customer's problem. Interpret designs, assist and instruct Designers, perform all engineering calculations, examine specifications, expedite and process engineering changes. Check contract drawings for accuracy of dimension and detail, and manage their subsequent delivery / approval with customers. Ensure effective liaison within the Engineering group to build and maintain consistently high engineering standards, and to drive relevant product development. Build and maintain an understanding of our manufacturing capabilities and standard design practices sufficient to produce the bestcost alternative for the customer and the company. Travel regularly to customers in UK and overseas looking for growth opportunities within every account. Develop a good knowledge of customers' product lines and find high margin opportunities for the products that lend themselves to our technical strengths. Facilitate and manage customer meetings with preset agenda outlining what you expect to achieve. Respond to customer concerns and resolve any technical problems. Carry out other duties that may be required to meet the developing needs of our team and the business. Minimum Qualifications Degree in mechanical engineering or higher and at least 4 years of relevant project engineering / mechanical / design / applications engineering experience. Skills Required A broad understanding of mechanical engineering, including knowledge / use of analysis tools (e.g. FEA,CFD). Previous experience of working with rotating equipment will be advantageous. People who have experience of working with the following types of equipment are likely to be of particular interest: Pumps, compressors, reciprocating engines, gearboxes, turbo machinery / generators, motors, bearings drivetrain or powertrain components (or anything similar). Excellent interpersonal / presentation skills Good commercial / business awareness. Self motivated / disciplined Problem solver / decision maker. Commercially focused Able to work in fast team environment. A second language would be useful, but is not essential. SUMMARY Please note that this position carries an element of travel. It is estimated that around 20% of the time will be spent visiting customers and other company locations. The role has a distinct business focus and carries a high degree of diversity in terms of key responsibilities. There is significant customer interaction in respect of the engineering and management of projects, pre and post contract, for all assigned accounts. Keywords: FEA, Finite Element Analysis, Ansys, Patran, Nastran, CFD, Pump, Compressor, rotating, bearing, turbine, turbo, turbomachinery When applying for this role, please indicate your current salary (plus benefits package), minimum salary required, notice period and your reasons for wishing to move from your current company. Alliance Consulting is acting as an employment agency in this respect. Alliance Consulting specialise in the placement of engineers throughout the UK. By sending us your CV you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your personal data on a computer database and/or in manual files for the purpose of evaluating your application for employment. This processing will be carried out in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act **** By applying for this role you hereby consent to us submitting your CV to our client. If you do not wish your CV to be sent to our client then you must clearly state this to us. Equally, if there are any companies that you do not wish your CV to be sent to (for whatever reason), then please let us know of this when you apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FrenchSpeakingTurbomachineryEngineer_job****