Title: Team Leader / Senior Civil Engineer (Water)
Webindex: 72427894
Company: Calco Services Limited
Description: This Water Operations Team is one of the largest in the UK. Their clients include highprofile utility companies, local authorities and independent businesses. Due to expanding workload in the North West of England, they have a number of opportunities for successful individuals to lead and develop their civil team. Requirements:  Degree qualification within civil engineering, or other equivalent engineering qualification with a civil bias and should be a Chartered Engineer.  Significant experience of working in the water industry, particularly Wastewater Treatment Works, Water Treatment, Pipelines and Reservoirs.  Experience of managing teams with strong project team leadership and interpersonal skills.  A driven individual capable of motivating a design team to meet deadlines.  Financial management and robust commercial and consultancy awareness.  A track record of winning and delivering engineering projects.  Stakeholder management. Responsibilities:  Management of a team of approximately eight staff including general pastoral care, workload and recruitment / mentoring / training / development.  Setting budgets for the detail design of projects in conjunction with the discipline team leaders, typically structural, geotechnical, architectural and associated CAD services.  Health and Safety requirements and CDM regulations incorporated into designs.  Development and challenge of engineering solutions.  Provide technical advice to civil engineering team.  Preparation of technical reports and calculations.  Production of innovative solutions.  Project management on a variety of engineering projects including detailed design with requirement for scoping and feasibility at times.  Undertaking technical work, including reviews and design, on a variety of projects for the water sector and ensure the design team contribute to the commercial risk register. Calco apologise that we cannot respond to all applicants personally and only those who match the criteria of the client will be contacted. Calco Services operates as both an employment business and agency. If your application is for a position based in the UK or EU, under European Employment Law you MUST be eligible to live and work there.