Title: Project Inventory Engineer  Subsea Connectors
Webindex: 68546006
Company: Akton Recruitment Ltd
Description: Project Inventory Engineer  Subsea Connectors West Midlands Very Competitive Salary Benefits Permanent I am looking for a Project Engineer to support the Mechanical Connector Business with specific focus on an Emergency Pipeline Repair contract. Key Responsibilities include:  Demonstrate a willingness and ability to take ownership of remote subsea connector projects ( ****m) to meet the contractual requirements of current and future Statoil PRS products and deliverables.  Manage the inspection maintenance program for Remote Subsea Contingency connectors utilising internal workshop personnel based on production capacity  Aid and support the strengthening of the emergency response service.  Produce the necessary technical project documentation to fulfil contract requirements and quality procedures.  Close interaction with manufacturing, production, purchasing, quality and health/safety.  Communicate clearly and confidently verbally or in written format.  Technical support to sales, service, manufacturing, purchasing workshop personnel  Assisting other internal engineering teams with best practice solutions. You will be Qualified to a high educational standard  Degree in Mechanical Engineering is preferred or HNC / HND with relevant experience. You will have previous experience of inventory management and good working knowledge of project management tools and best practices is required  PMP, APM Practitioner or PRINCE**** Practitioner certification would be a distinct advantage. Experience of MS Office (Word, Excel and PowerPoint) and MS Project is essential. Previous experience of working in a similar environment would be ideal and the willingness to travel overseas and offshore when required is also important  around 3 weeks per year. If you are interested and would like to apply, then please send through a copy of your most uptodate CV, together with a relevant coverletter and reference PIEHRYKT**** to rkapilaaktonrecruitment.com