Title: Systems Engineer (Requirements)  Swindon
Webindex: 69249488
Company: Randstad
Description: Brief Vacancy Description The purpose of the role is to lead in the production of a process managing and controlling all requirements for Western and Wales Infrastructure Projects works. In managing the requirements the team would demonstrate that not only has each project a verified design and validated the complete constructions or an individual remit, but it would show how that project and it s completed outputs comply with the route requirements. Key aspects of the role include:  Holding the route requirements and managing them through the design phases for each programme. The requirements team can expand the requirements through the stages capturing specific requirements from the designs. The team can then provide the projects with technical specs for their contracts, providing traceability through design, construction and testing.  Leading the requirements team who provide crossdiscipline needs that deliver the necessary outputs making project specific specifications or remits robust and in line with the route output requirements.  With the route requirements controlled centrally, analysis can be undertaken to identify gaps between those projects already specified and the new route requirements providing the client with a clear position.  Managing change controls to specifications and requirements is imperative to be successful. Providing costs certainty for both project and client.  Management of technical non conformance to specifications, by individual projects ascertaining the impact of the non conformance on the route delivery. Key Requirements for the role: Essential  Extensive relevant engineering experience in railway engineering  Good understanding of specification, validation and verification of major railway scheme Desirable  Understanding ofUKrailway industry structure and relationships How To Apply External At our rail client, you have the chance to develop a long, rewarding career. There are many different career paths  and many opportunities to fulfil your potential. After all, we believe that investing in our people via training and development is one of the most effective ways of improving the safety, reliability and efficiency of the railways. You can expect competitive pay, a bonus scheme and a choice of contributory pension schemes. We also offer a generous annual leave package, plus up to 75% discount on season rail tickets. The salary for this role is circa pound;****  pound;**** dependent on experience We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.