Title: VEHICLE TECHNICIAN / MECHANIC, MANCHESTER
Webindex: 71678710
Company: Hot Recruitment
Description: Vehicle Technician / Mechanic, Manchester. Our client is the leading retailer of prestige vehicles in the North West and they are offering an excellent opportunity for a Vehicle Technician / Mechanic to be based in Hulme, Manchester. THE ROLE As a Vehicle Technician / Mechanic you will be joining a team of 8 Technicians. You must be competent with using diagnostic equipment and fault finding as you will be servicing and repairing vehicles to manufacturer standards. THE PERSON As an experienced Vehicle Technician / Mechanic, you will have a good level of postapprenticeship experience. You must have worked within a dealership environment and experience with prestige vehicles would be preferred. THE COMPANY Our client has a century of heritage in selling vehicles, having expanded to **** dealerships across the North West. They employ over **** people and sell thousands of vehicles each year and are proud to employ some of the best people in the business. They love the vehicles they sell just as much as their customers love driving them and their enthusiasm and knowledge makes for a better quality of service. With their attentive and handson approach of a small family run business, they have the farreaching vision and drive of a large dealer group, delivering excellence time and time again. This Group strives for nothing less than 100% and knowing what their customers expect, aims to be 'right first time, on time, every time'. REMUNERATION You will be working a 40 hour week and the salary package is **** per annum depending on experience. HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients’ business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Vehicle Technician / Mechanic will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK and a full valid UK Driving Licence. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Automotive, Technician, Mechanic, Motor, Service, Repair, Maintenance, Vehicles, This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/VEHICLETECHNICIANMECHANICMANCHESTER_job****