Title: Senior Facilities Manager (Hard Services)  Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Webindex: 69996016
Company: Riverside Technical Solutions Limited
Description: Senior Facilities Manager Riyadh, Saudi Arabia Ref: CWMWRiyadh  **** The Role Senior Facilities Manager  Hard Services Facility Management Manager Having ****15 years experience. Having solid experience in handling the projects in all aspects. Strong management skills to direct motivate and lead the staff to achieve company objectives. Computer literate. Our client is a newly established multinational, multidiscipline contractor  starting to develop their presence in Saudi. They are currently putting a team together for a highvalue, highspec prestigious contract (FM) contract in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. They are looking to recruit a Hard Services Facilities Manager  but it is essential that the right person can also be English Arabic speaking combined with several years experience of working in Saudi Arabia  it is highly important that the candidates have experience working within the MiddleEast Role: The Senior Hard Services Facilities Manager has the overall responsibility for the management of the FM contract . Using a proactive and innovative approach the Senior Facilities Manager will ensure: The contract’s financial success through delivery of the yearly profit forecast Customer advocacy through exceptional service Full compliance with the contract and clients services business systems Site staff management through effective leadership for a high performance team/ Responsibilities will include: The Senior Facilities Manager has the responsibility for the management of the contract supported by the Business Management System. Efficiently and effectively deliver the range of services identified in the facilities management contract. Prepare and submit accurate yearly budget, quarterly reforecast and monthly accruals. Manage the level of customer relationship that would result in the client being prepared to be contractor advocate and would recommend contractor to others. Ensure full compliance the contract obligations. Manage contract performance KPI resulting in no abatement Ensure full compliance with clients business systems, including the Quality Management System (QMS), Occupational Health Safety System(OH S), Environmental Management System (EMS), Risk and Opportunity Management System (ROMS). Ensure compliance with relevant laws, regulations, codes and standards. Provide proactive and effective leadership to all site staff that enables a cohesive and positive working environment and ensures a high level of staff satisfaction. Attendance on site on a fulltime basis and ensure arrangements are in place to provide appropriate service coverage. Provide an emergency twentyfour/seven hour emergency callout service. Provide technical management service and support to the clients. Establish and maintain a close working relationship with the Client and their representative ESSENTIAL: Relevant technical qualifications such as degree or trade equivalent in Building, Mechanical, Electrical or Hard Services Engineering. Training in current OH S and QA and environmental legislations and systems. DESIRABLE: Industry recognised course in Building/Facilities Management or related discipline, this would be either electrical trade or mechanical trade. First Aid Certificate. Facilities Maintenance Management and / or Property Management qualifications. Contract Management training Financial / accounting training. Accommodation The Main Contractor has rented a block of Flats, and the Manager will be sharing a 2 bedroom flat with another UK engineer Usual Cooking / Cleaning Facilities. Food allowance See below (Actual cost will be around **** Sar per month) Package. Public Holidays are paid and are approx **** per year. SALARY  Client will pay sar per month into UK/Saudi account – (Tax Free) The position will have a AED ****/month to include salary, transport etc., In addition we will pay one return flight to UK per year and a bonus on completion of 12 month. An accommodation allowance of AED **** will also be offered. Food Allowance  Client will pay sar per month into your UK/Saudi account Accommodation – by Client / Local Transport – by Client Flights – By Client This is a fantastic opportunity for a FM professional to advance their career. If interested, please apply ASAP for more details. contact Steve or email CV to inforivtech.co.uk Riverside Technical Solution Limited Recruitment specialise in the recruitment of design, PM site management personnel, for major construction, property, commercial and Government projects nationwide overseas. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorFacilitiesManagerHardServicesRiyadhSaudiArabia_job****