Title: Motor Transport (Ground Support Equipment) Operative
Webindex: 69868375
Company: Forces Recruitment Services 
Description: Job Title: Motor Transport (Ground Support Equipment) Operative Location: Brize Norton, Oxfordshire Salary: **** plus Benefits Start Date: Subject to Security Clearance Introduction: My client is one of the UK s leading support services companies. They deliver many key services including design, build, manage, operate and maintaining assets, dealing with companies both in the UK and overseas, supplying customers in a wide variety of industry sectors including Aerospace, Training, Defence, Marine, Naval, MoD, Oil Gas, Communications, Energy and Transportation. They now require a Motor Transport (Ground Support Equipment) Operative based at their site at RAF Brize Norton, Carterdon. This presents itself as an ideal opportunity to join an established company, and although not essential, could be well suited for a person who has previously served in the armed forces i.e. Army, Royal Navy or Royal Air Force (RAF) and has previously worked within a Motor Transport (MT) Section/Workshop. Responsibilities:  Complete husbandry tasks on a fleet of vehicles and aircraft support equipment.  Undertake training of personnel on vehicles/equipment in accordance with the syllabus and training manuals.  Maintain continuous customer relationships  Comply with all relevant Health, Safety and Environmental regulations within the designated area of responsibility  Monitor vehicle equipment downtime, observing and minimising penalties associated with vehicle/equipment availability.  Ensure computer systems are updated and maintained accurately and vehicle statuses are maintained at all times.  Provision of training to meet operational demand.  Ensure compliance with quality accreditations as appropriate.  Complete driving tasks as required.  Promote best practice and report noncompliance to ensure continual improvement in the organisation. Applicant Requirements: Essential:  Proven leadership and people management skills.  Able to provide proof of colour perception (CP****) for airfield driving.  Ability to amend and maintain training manuals and records.  Qualified or willing to undertake a Forklift Instructor s and MEWP Instructor s course.  Willing to undertake a workplace First Aid course.  Full Driving License (Cat C and D****).  IT Literate. Desirable:  Experience of working within an aircraft environment is desirable. Benefits:  Salary: Up to ****  25 days holiday plus **** stats  Monday  Friday: 40 hour week  Employer contributory pension  Opportunity to join a wellestablished and rapidly expanding company Security: Successful applicants will need to satisfy Ministry of Defence security requirements