Title: Asset Strategy Manager
Webindex: 71183873
Company: EMCOR UK LTD
Description: We are looking to recruit an Asset Strategy Manager based at our Eastleigh office but mobile across the UK. Hours Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm Purpose: Building an effective team through leadership and personal example and will be responsible for supporting the Technical Services Director in the development and delivery of longterm asset management strategies, leading, direction and management of the programme delivery team. Will be responsible to establish realistic targets and performance measurement indicators in the monitoring of contracts compliance, actively benchmark services delivered to ensure industry leading performance and develop quality standards for planned works in consultation with customers can be utilised in asset management programs across the organisation. Maintaining an effective lifecycle asset model for all assets, to produce optimal asset operation, replacement and refurbishment plans and associated capital investment plans, to enable assets to be maintained, renewed and developed to match current and future business requirements safely and economically ensuring these are integrated effectively into business planning processes. Responsible To: Technical Services Director Location: Flexible (Eastleigh based but mobile across UK) Dimensions: Responsible for the EMCOR Asset Management teams across the UK. Subordinates: Operational ARMS (Asset Management Teams) Principle Accountabilities:  Supporting the Technical Services Director in the setting of all Asset Management policies and procedures across the EMCOR business and the development of all critical documentation to ensure compliance with ISO 55000 (Asset Management) with the aim of achieving accreditation by Jan 2014.  Leading and encouraging the creation of a construction culture, working collaboratively with engineering operations management, frontline staff and stakeholders to implement the asset management transformation programme.  Inherent within the role is provision of Asset Management and strategic advice to the board of directors, in addition to development of critical documentation, training modules, and production of all Operational Alerts, Bulletins and Directives relating to Asset management.  Coordination of Operational and Technical Staff to ensure the development of Company external and internal training modules for all asset management activities, covering all disciplines and subjects, with each course fully integrated into the EMCOR Safe System of Work procedures, competency matrixes and IMS policies and procedures.  To chair the strategic Company ARMS committee Working Group, in addition setting strategic business objectives for asset management. Qualifications and Experience:  A comprehensive knowledge of UK legislation and asset maintenance strategy associated with working within the Integrated Facilities Management sector.  Will have a detailed working knowledge of contract management and strategic and operational TFM delivery. Be a strong people manager, you will have the ability to successfully lead, motivate and manage a diverse team and will be a natural strategic thinker with a strong commercial awareness. Experience of managing asset management disciplines at a senior level is essential.  It is envisaged that the successful candidates will combine a strong mechanical/electrical engineering pedigree with a progressive technical management career which includes strong evidence of guiding and high performance asset optimisation strategies, as well as a record of creating and delivering significant improvements in a very large, very complex, fastpaced operational environment.  It is desirable that the jobholder be educated to Incorporated Engineer level and be a member of the institute of Asset Managers.  Ability to understand maximo and other CMMS platforms to maximise impact.  The post requires the formulation of asset management policy and therefore a good written skill, coupled with logic and experience based reasoning is paramount.  The individual should be able to interface on all levels, from site tradesman and technicians, to senior managers and Board Directors. In addition the individual should be able to clearly market the EMCOR asset management differentiation and interface with the customer base to ensure awareness of the EMCOR value.  Be able to develop and maintain excellent organisational and communication skills.  Hold evidence of outstanding achievement in a ‘Asset Management/Safety Critical’ environment.  Be able to translate UK and EC legislation into company asset policy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssetStrategyManager_job****