Title: Part Time Receptionist  Peugeot Banbury
Webindex: 71679516
Company: Vertu Motors Plc
Description: Part Time Receptionist Peugeot Banbury **** basic salary and with Company benefits Overview You will see from our website and our recent financial results that we are a rapidly becoming one of the Country's leading automotive retailers. We currently operate over **** franchised outlets throughout England and Scotland employing over **** people and have very strong relationships with the manufacturers we represent. We are the 7th largest retail motor group in the UK and will be expanding as we drive our business forward into 2013. We are very well placed in to achieve our growth and performance objectives and are constantly building our capacity to improve the business further. We have a clear vision to become recognised as the most progressive motor retailer and our Mission Statement is 'To deliver an outstanding customer motoring experience through honesty and trust.' We are committed to supporting our colleagues through the provision of continuous training, coaching and development. Our competitive advantage lies in the quality of people we employ and we are intent on building our future on the drive, energy and talent of our colleagues. With that in mind we are selective about who we employ and expect that they drive the business forward passionately and fully in line with our values. Role Responsibilities The key responsibilities of this role are as follows: Customer Interaction (Walk in): To greet all customers swiftly in a positive, friendly and courteous manner (with a smile) in line with company standards. To quickly ascertain their needs, direct their query and manage their expectations. Customer Interaction (Call in): To speedily deal with all calls to the switchboard and assist customers in a positive, friendly and courteous manner in line with company standards. To gather customer information and quickly their ascertain needs and direct their query to the most appropriate party. Knowledge Base: To maintain adequate knowledge of company initiatives, systems, products and colleagues to allow you to answer general customer queries without the need to refer to other colleagues. Data Handling: To accurately collect data and efficiently pass on messages to other members of the team. Standards: To maintain the highest possible standards in the reception area and in your personal appearance. Customer Complaints: To manage all customer complaints, passing relevant information to your Manager and ensuring a speedy conclusion in a professional and honest manner. Productivity: To make effective use of time, prioritising where necessary and always seeking to solve problems, lend assistance and add value whenever possible. What we`re looking for We are looking for an enthusiastic and flexible individual to join our Dealership Service Team as a part time receptionist working 25 hours per week from 8am to1 pm Monday to Friday. You should have a keen eye for detail, be exceptionally organised and have great customer service and communication skills. The successful individual will possess the following attributes: Exceptional Communication skills Diplomacy Skills High Customer Focus High Standards of Presentation Telephone Handling Skills What You Can Expect If you are successful you can look forward to ongoing training opportunities, career progression and a range of benefits you would expect from an employer of choice, including a competitive salary, childcare voucher scheme, share incentive plan, vertu rewards and pension scheme. If you are interested in joining the most progressive team in the industry please apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PartTimeReceptionistPeugeotBanbury_job****