Title: Project Manager Water Ind Peterborough to ****k Car
Webindex: 71444530
Company: Jonathan Lee Recruitment   Product Eng
Description: We seek a Project Manager in Water / Waste Water. As Project Manager, you will ensure projects awarded by our client are delivered from initial design through to final completion on time, to the required safety and quality standards, in a profitable and efficient manner. THE COMPANY: We are a worldleader in the provision of project management, technical engineering and construction services to the Water industry, on programs ranging from Water Supply, Treatment and Storage to Water Resources Management and Coastal Restoration. We are currently looking to appoint a Project Manager at our Peterborough office. THE ROLE:  Ensure that the BMS is implemented at all stages throughout the construction process, i.e. from tender handover to final completion.  Review at the project level, in conjunction with the Information Manager, the effectiveness of the BMS as a means of achieving quality, safety and environmental objectives.  Ensure, in conjunction with the Design Manager, that an adequate Technical, Safety and Environmental review is carried out for each project.  Ensure that sufficient trained personnel are available for the project and that they are aware of their individual responsibilities.  Review and approve the Project Execution Plan (PEP) for each project after their preparation by the Person in Charge of the Works and other essential staff. THE PERSON:  You will be degree qualified in Civil, Mechanical, Electrical or Process Engineering.  Experience in water treatment plants is essential. THE BENEFITS: It is anticipated that the salary will be up to **** p.a. depending upon experience plus all the other Benefits you would expect. However, the agreement of terms is unlikely to be an obstacle in securing the right candidate. We are based in Peterborough a Cathedral city that offers fun, shopping, culture and countryside. You can wander around stately homes and historic buildings, sample the menus at wonderful eateries, lose yourself in acres of rolling countryside and miles of waterways or experience the city s buzzing events and nightlife. The role is commutable from Bedford, Boston, Cambridge, Corby, Ely, Grantham, Huntingdon, Kettering, King s Lynn, Leicester, Northampton, Peterborough, St Neots and Wellingborough. APPLY NOW: If you are interested in this position, please forward your CV as soon as possible to Clive Wadelin at our advising consultant`s, Jonathan Lee Recruitment, who will treat it in the strictest confidence and keep you closely informed on the progress of your application. Alternatively to discuss the Project Manager role in more detail, please contact Clive on **** **** Jonathan Lee Recruitment is a leading engineering and manufacturing recruitment consultancy established in 1978. The services advertised by Jonathan Lee Recruitment are those of an Employment Agency.