Title: Service Engineer / Technician (Optical Instruments Lasers)
Webindex: 56294312
Company: Support Services Group 
Description: Service Engineer / Technician (Optical Instruments Lasers) Oxfordshire Salary to ****k Multidisciplined Service Support Engineer sought for a technology company developing innovative spectroscopic analysis products with applications in the pharmaceutical industry, academia and security markets. The company is growing and has a requirement to build on its support capability. The skilled Service Engineer or Technician will provide service and support of laser based measurement instruments. Candidates must have a significant practical ability track record, with both mechanical and electronic knowledge, and be prepared to travel both within the UK and abroad. Reporting to the Engineering Manager, the successful applicant will liaise with the rest of the team to maintain and service optical, mechanical and electrical systems both at the company's site and in the field. The support aspect of the role includes receiving customer support requests, creating records and scheduling responses, all within a quality system framework. This includes both scheduled and responsive activities. There is a sales function requirement handling both service contracts and the specification and delivery of aftermarket system accessories in conjunction with the customer and the engineering team. Further Detailed Duties:  Carrying out testing within the company quality system and updating test documentation.  System and subsystem test and installation as required.  Adherence to relevant standards and directives, as required for the product design.  Electrical and electronic, build, test and debug of custom and standard systems  Familiarity with computer systems and software installation is an advantage.  Maintenance of aftermarket accessories database for use in both design and sales  Develop service tools, jigs, procedures and standards to improve efficiencies. Required Skills:  Experience in supporting laboratory and production equipment  Qualifications is relevant disciplines  Good communication skills  Full UK driving licence service engineer technician optical instruments lasers