Title: Principal GUI Design Engineer
Webindex: 69932829
Company: Ceema Recruitment
Description: This is a multifaceted high technology company that designs, develops, manufactures and markets a diverse range of microelectronic and test and measurement products, for use in supporting communication systems, networks and automatic test systems. This successful and niche company seeks to recruit a Principal GUI Design Engineer to lead software and GUI development wireless test and measurement applications. Main duties and responsibilities of the role include:  Effectively lead the design and development of GUI and SW  Look after and own the look and feel of the GUI interface  Increase, own and refine usability of the GUI on the product  Design and development of software for test and measurement applications covering all stages of product lifecycle through to delivery. Software will include both measurement software and GUI development  Includes software design, implementation, test and technical/user documentation  Includes gaining an understanding of an existing and extensive objectoriented C++ design and codeset  Will be required to take ownership and full responsibility for assigned development tasks through to completion. The successful Principal GUI Design Engineer will be educated to degree standard with an engineering related discipline and have previous experience of the design and development of GUI and software for products involving hardware and software through all stages of the product lifecycle. You must have previous experience (with examples) of designing and owning user interface developments on consumer products. As Principal GUI Design Engineer, you must have owned the look and feel on previous consumer products. Applicants must be highly competent with indepth expertise in C++ and good ObjectOriented design skills. Expertise in multithreading and software interface design is essential, along with experience in the development of software for Microsoft Windows platforms. Knowledge of RF and protocol test and measurement techniques and a variety of Wireless standards is highly desirable. Experience of GUI design and implementation using Qt would be advantageous as would Signal Processing/Analysis techniques. An ability to work independently and as part of a team, alongside a willingness and capability to direct and influence others is essential. The Principal GUI Design Engineer must be self motivated, have a positive attitude and be solution and delivery orientated. The ability to adapt to new software environments, tools or languages is essential, along with a passion and commitment to excellence balanced with a pragmatic approach to ontime delivery and resource constraints. Please apply by forwarding your CV and covering letter, outlining your suitability for the position