Title: Sales ManagerBDM
Webindex: 71444220
Company: Facility Associates Recruitment Ltd
Description: A leading company require a Manager to specifically target projects and upgrade work identifying opportunities from end users, public sector, main contractors and M E contractors in the London and South East region. The role involves: Targeting consultants/contractors and end users in the London/SE region to secure BMS projects/upgrades and energy works. Promoting and selling the Acme/Matrix brand and understanding all of the sales propositions. Developing existing and new relationships with consultants and end users via technical presentations of integrated systems and building management products. Preparing quotations from drawings and specifications for projects with values between the values of ****K to ****k. To provide timely update reports and briefings to the sales director. To provide monthly reports of sales activity and order forecasts. You will need to be customer focused at all times and deliver outstanding customer service by displaying a positive and proactive approach on every occasion. Act in a manner that continuously improves your business performance. Forge and develop long term relationships with existing and new key contacts and decision makers to safeguard any additional requirements Schedule regular contact with clients via the telephone and email Provide valuable sales intelligence in areas such as service contracts and any other additional sales opportunities. You will also work with the sales and projects teams to ensure the sales offering have clear objectives to winning business from competitors. An attractive salary and package is on offer for the right candidate.  Candidates should have a minimum of five years experience in a similar role.  Have an in depth product knowledge of estimating, bid management, Building Management Systems.  Have a good understanding of the London and South East Region and existing relationships with contractors, end users and consultants in the area.