Title: Assistant Engineer (Structures) – Street Care
Webindex: 62009214
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Assistant Engineer (Structures) Street Care Reference no: S Gloucestershire **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: BS**** **** What s involved with this role: Responsible on a day to day basis to an Engineer, Senior Engineer or Section Manager to participate in the activities of a team undertaking design, implementation, and monitoring of specific projects, generally highway related. To make assessments on a wide range of highway related enquiries and prospective schemes, reporting and responding as appropriate To assist or undertake in the programming and supervision of the work of technical and/or other staff as appropriate. To undertake site assessments and develop solutions that meets the criteria of various policies and strategies. To assist or undertake the design, consultation and implementation of schemes, generally for improvement, operation or maintenance of the public highway and related assets To prepare drawings, calculations, specifications, contract documents, consultation and publicity material, and scheme cost estimates. To arrange and supervise the implementation of schemes, including liaison with contractors and consultants, site supervision, survey and setting out work, and monitoring of scheme expenditure. To participate in arrangement of temporary traffic management, safety audits, and NRSWA procedures. To assist with the collection, recording, analysis, presentation and interpretation of asset related data. To assist with the preparation of target costs, budget information and invoices relating to works. To assist in preparing reports and responding to enquiries and correspondence from MPs, Council Members, Parish Councils, other organisations, and the general public. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Degree, HNC/HND or equivalent in a highways or civil engineering related discipline, with substantial relevant experience Membership of an appropriate Institution Minimum of 12 months recent street works engineering related experience, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation Some specific experience relating to the inspection and maintenance of highway structures Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Street Works/Engineering Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 34 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited