Title: Field Services Technician  gaming
Webindex: 71631060
Company: Resourcing Group
Description: Our client is a leading gaming provider which employs **** people across three offices and **** people across 50 countries. They are the leading supplier of digital gaming across LBO, arcades, bingo, pub, interactive and international channels. Position: Field Service Engineer Duration: 3months Temp to Perm Hours: 40 hours per week, shift pattern covering all day s incl. Bank Holidays and weekends. ROLE: The Field Service Engineer is responsible for the service, installation and repair of our client s products across their region. As a Field Service Engineer you will ensure all of our client s customers receive the highest possible service standards and provide full instruction and ongoing training whenever necessary to customers. You will be required to provide preventative maintenance, fault finding, repairing and refurbishing gaming terminals developing high quality custom relationships in alignment with service license agreements and company standards. RESPONSIBILITIES  To ensure all new installations are of the highest standard.  Coordinate and supervise the removal of equipment from customers premises.  Maintain good customer relationships with all shop staff and provide basic operating procedures also event instruction and any information on new software / hardware.  To maintain all shops during service calls and preventive maintenance visits in accordance with your Line Managers instructions and to ensure the Regional Manager is aware of any issues within his area.  Carry out shop visits and maintenance on an ongoing regular basis as instructed by Line Managers.  Log any concerns, incidents and feedback from customers.  To carry out all duties of the post in accordance with Global Draw policies & procedures at all times.  Be flexible around working unplanned hours in order to complete a job and keep the customer happy. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE:  Previous experience working within a technical role, ideally within the gaming / electronics field or IT sector.  City & Guilds/BTEC or equivalent in an electronic engineering or engineering based subject or experience in a computer/software service or manufacturing environment.  A passion for technology and the desire and ability to learn new systems.  Strong customer service skills.  Clear and confident communication skills.  Good time keeping and the ability to work to targets.  A full UK driving licence. You may have experience of the following: Field Service Technician, Field Engineer, Electronics Field Service Engineer, IT Support, Electronics Engineer, Maintenance Engineer, Electrical Engineer, Technical Support, Installation Engineer, IT Trainer, Field Service Customer Engineer