Title: Instrumentation & Electrical Technicians
Webindex: 68591992
Company: ATA Recruitment
Description: Instrumentation Technician  Instrument Electrical Technician  January Interviews ****  **** Day roles and shift roles available  OT Contributory Pension  Bonus  25 Days holiday. Based in North Lincolnshire, this role is commutable from Hull, Grimsby, Cleethorpes, Scunthorpe, Doncaster, Barton Upon Humber. o Interesting work in a worldleading multinational company o Generous salary and benefits o Plenty of training and development opportunities  many Senior Managers and site experts started at the company as Apprentices The Company: My client is a global chemical producer, with applications used across various industries  from automotive to food to paint. With significant investment plans and numerous technical challenges to be addressed, they are looking to significantly improve their maintenance capabilities across the site and they are looking to recruit a number of instrumentation and electrical engineers to get involved in preplanned and reactive maintenance, projects and commissioning of new equipment. Role Description: As an instrument technician working in a multidisciplined team, this is an extremely varied role, undertaking all aspects of instrument and electrical engineering work in maintenance and projects. You will get involved in various plant improvement exercises including Instrumentation electrical maintenance and upgrades on various instruments and electrical equipment, including flow/pressure and temperature monitoring equipment and motors, inverters, cabling and tray work. Required Experience: You will have a background in hands on instrumentation engineering, ideally in a big process environment such as chemicals, steel, glass production, oil and gas etc. You will be able to fault find in a big/heavy equipment and not be scared off by the size of this kit. My client is looking for a well rounded engineer with good electrical and instrumentation maintenance skills. Most importantly you will need to be someone who wants to learn and develop technically and become a technical expert on site. This company are a major international who can provide specialist training, support, payrises and the opportunity to work globally. To discuss in more detail, please contact one of our experienced consultants on [blocked].  Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this position  ATA Recruitment Ltd, the recruitment division of RTC Group PLC has a nationwide presence represented by branches in nine locations across the UK. Typical vacancies filled would be chemical, management, maintenance, service, design, production and project roles.