Title: Bridge Inspector  Highways
Webindex: 67367659
Company: Omni Resource Management Solutions
Description: Bridge Inspector  Highways Location: Merrow, Surrey Salary: **** **** basic salary plus on site van Closing date: ASAP Role Summary: This is an excellent opportunity for an ambitious Bridge Inspector to forge a career with a leading contractor in the UK. Our Client's Highway Services Sector delivers highway maintenance services across the country  everything from road patching to street lighting and winter maintenance  under longterm partnerships with local authorities. The main purpose of the position is to cover the Surrey County for all bridge inspections in the highways sector. The main responsibilities of this position include: To carry out Highway Safety Inspections, in accordance with the County Council's Safety Inspection Standards and Procedures Guide. To work closely with Business Support on Insurance Claims. To carry out follow up inspections, with regard to A E call outs and processes. To respond to enquiries, reports and complaints from Members and the public in accordance with the County Council's Customer Care policies, and where appropriate, escalating actions to the relevant engineers and/or specialist support staff. To ensure the collection of Highway Network condition data annually and recommended treatments to assist with the identification and planning of future maintenance scheme works. Working in partnership, to act as the local 'eyes and ears' for O, H, C in the geographical area assisting colleagues and other Stakeholders, including Surrey Police and Borough Council representatives, in reporting issues to the relevant authorities. To assess defects observed on the Network, or reported through the Contract (or any other means), ordering remedial work through the service providers in accordance with the processes agreed within the appropriate contract. To assist the Streetworks team in ensuring that highway works are coordinated in the local area to minimise disruption for the travelling public in compliance with the New Roads and Streetworks Act **** To undertake, within health and safety constraints, minor servicing/repair of defects where these can be achieved swiftly and safely, utilising the tool kit provided. Our main requirements include: Capacity to gain respect and credibility across the range of stakeholders. Full UK Driving license New Roads and Streetworks Act accreditation Suitable qualification (such as City Guilds) in Highways and Inspection Monitoring A good working knowledge of the range of relevant principles, practices, and procedures relating to highway maintenance and construction If you feel you match our client's criteria then please apply now.