Title: Automatic Door and Roller Shutter Engineer
Webindex: 65747339
Company: MJ Recruitment Solutions
Description: Our client a highly successful organisation within the construction industry, specialising in interior refurbishment, maintenance and fitout of well known retail establishments. They are currently seeking Automatic Door and Roller Shutter Engineers, to Install, maintain and repair automatic doors and roller shutter equipment  with proven experience working in commercial environments, to cover Reactive and Planned Maintenance visits across a wide variety of various manufacturers equipment, throughout the Exeter and Surrounding Areas, must be within a reasonable commute of this area. Ensuring that work is completed in accordance with the relevant codes of practice BS****. Main Tasks of Job: Ensure that the correct interpretation of manufacturing and installation drawings is accurate and that the setting out and planning of all equipment is in place and correct. Assemble, install, test, and maintain automatic door and roller shutter equipment, appliances, apparatus, and fixtures, using hand tools and power tools. Diagnose malfunctioning control systems, apparatus, and components, using test equipment and hand tools, to locate the cause of a breakdown and correct the problem. Fastening of components/accessories to varying building fabrics. Inspect ADRS systems, equipment, and components to identify hazards, defects, and the need for adjustment or repair, and to ensure compliance with codes of practice. Ensure tools and equipment requiring PAT testing is within date when used on site. Identify hazardous equipment, advise client s management and make safe accordingly. Direct and train coworkers to install, maintain, or repair ADRS, equipment, and fixtures. Perform business management duties such as maintaining records and files, preparing reports and ordering supplies and equipment. Monitor, control and deliver the companies KPI and SLA targets, ensuring that all works are managed and controlled in a cost effective and efficient manner. Determine and promote additional work opportunities to the surveying and estimating team. Ensure that all relevant documentation and certification is administered correctly and that Company and Client policies and procedures are adhered to correctly. Perform physically demanding tasks, such as moving and lifting heavy objects. Provide preliminary sketches and cost estimates for materials and services. Use a variety of tools and equipment such as power construction equipment, measuring devices, power tools, and testing equipment. Work from ladders, scaffolds, and roofs to install, maintain or repair electrical wiring, equipment, and fixtures. Skills and Abilities: Proven experience as an ADRS Engineer working on a range of equipment within a Retail and Commercial environment. Competent in the interpretation and implementation of CAD drawings. Qualified to:BS7036 Excellent Technical Skills Good interpersonal skills. Excellent client relationship skills Excellent written and oral communication skills. Use of Microsoft Office packages. Hours of work are 7am to 5pm, Monday to Friday  although applicants should have a flexible approach and be prepared to work in evenings and weekends, when required. Standard pay rate **** per hour Overtime rate: Time and a half Fully expensed Company Van provided In the first instance please submit your CV