Title: Mechanical Design Engineer (Scientific / ElectroMechanical Produ
Webindex: 68544987
Company: Cubiq Recruitment Ltd
Description: Mechanical Design Engineer (Scientific/ElectroMechanical Products) ****  **** Staffordshire Cubiq Recruitment is representing a world leading manufacturer of scientific products and instrumentation. The company design and develop bespoke bench top size electromechanical products for a global customer base. We are urgently looking for a mechanical design engineer to join a professional multidisciplined R D team. Reporting to the technical director you will be responsible for developing mechanical designs for new and existing scientific products from initial concept through to manufacture. ACCOUNTABILITIES  To contribute to the product requirements specification.  To contribute to the product design for new and transferring products.  To be responsible for the mechanical development, evaluation, documentation, archiving and the maintenance of this design in line with established company procedures.  To assist in providing project plans, costs, risk assessments/mitigations and reports on project progress.  To provide assistance to manufacturing and customer support functions as required. KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE  Ideally degree educated in a mechanical engineering related subject  Commercial experience in a high tech sector including medical devices, scientific instrumentation, aerospace, automotive all desirable  Experience in working on a range of electromechanical products desirable  Experience in ****D CAD SolidWorks desirable  Technical experience in a wide range of manufacturing processes  Proven ability in technical detail drawing using geometric tolerances and dimensioning  Technical experience with Electrical heating refrigerated cooling highly desirable Interested parties are encouraged to submit their details ASAP via the link provided. Key word search: mechanical design, design engineer, mechanical engineer, senior engineer, senior design, mechanical, solidworks, medical, scientific, instrument, aerospace, automotive, electromechanical, electromechanical, solidworks, proengineer, inventor, autodesk, nx, unigraphics