Title: Senior Electronics / Firmware Engineer (contract and perm)
Webindex: 68374184
Company: System Recruitment
Description: A leading designer and manufacture of electronic circuit boards and instruments have an immediate requirement for a Senior Electronics / Firmware Engineer to join them at their offices in Kent. They are actively looking for permanent and contract engineers and also interested in talking to graduates. Key Skills:Electronics, Firmware Engineer, embedded, C, C++, CAD, SMT Techniques, Kent Location:Kent Rate:Circa **** per hour Salary: Circa **** per annum As Senior Electronics / Firmware Engineer your role will be to take responsibility for electronics and hardware design of new products from concept through to production. Main duties •Digital and Analogue electronics design and verification. •Provide practical assistance to multidisciplined Design Engineers on a project team. •Simulation, build and commission of circuits and electronic equipment. •Generation of full project documentation package. •Feasibility studies/proposals. •Concept Design. •Presentations to clients, management and fellow project members. •Take responsibility for a design and its timescales. Monitor progress and report to the project manager. •Plan and undertake technology investigation and design proving exercises. •Lead a team of engineers and technicians •Ensure all relevant company and departmental operating procedures, codes of practise, process instructions etc are followed. Qualifications and Experience Requirements: •HND/HNC •Degree preferably postgraduate. Electronics or Physics •Specialist technical and management courses •Strong technical ability •Demonstrate global hardware and systems skills •Embedded Programming Experience in ‘C’, C++ •Communication skills •Able to work as part of a team •Management ability •5 years’ experience, several at Senior Engineer, Section Leader or equivalent •Project delivery from concept through production •Wide experience of dealing with clients, vendors, contractors and consultants •An understanding of British and International standards regulatory standards including EMC •Supervisory skills •Familiarity with CAD for schematic capture and layout •Familiarity with production processes methods and materials in particular SMT techniques