Title: PROJECT MANAGER NEW PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT
Webindex: 69218656
Company: Candidate Source Ltd
Description: PROJECT MANAGER ? UP TO **** BASIC  BENEFITS ? MANCHESTER, NORTH WEST This is an exciting opportunity for an accomplished product development project manager. With an established and growing product development programme, the team now need a full time product development project manager. For the ideal candidate there is opportunity to progress to the role of Technical Manager with responsibility for managing and developing the team. The company develops and manufacture a range of hazardous area handheld and fixed installation gas detection and sensing devices together with intelligent control equipment. Profitable and well funded, the company is on target to double turnover by 2015. A winner of the UK SME Manufacturing Company of the Year award, the company is a recognised leader in hazardous area and environmental gas detection. MAIN OBJECTIVES ? PROJECT MANAGER ? NEW PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT Reporting to the Technical Director, to manage the company?s product development projects to ensure that project outcomes are defined and delivered. The main objectives include:  Maintaining the product development plan to match the company?s commercial strategy  Effective execution of the plan, utilising all relevant resources  Up to date and accurate communication of progress  Effective use of other internal and external resources in line with project requirements MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES  Product development project planning ? Across all projects, from product specification through to project completion  Product development project management ? Coordinate implementation of individual product development projects.  Product development resource planning and coordination ? Plan resources across active development projects  Coordinate Activities with Other Departments? Communicate with other functions as required  Provide status updates to the executive management team on product development projects KEY SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE The role is ideally suited to an well organised, proactive and selfmotivated individual with a systematic approach. The candidate will be comfortable and effective in communicating with both technical and nontechnical contacts. The ideal candidate will have substantial first hand experience as project manager in electronic hardware & software product development together with:  Electrical or Electronic Engineering background  to BSc. level  Substantial project management experience developing technical products in a B2B environment  Experience of product specification, project planning, project execution in hardware/software  Experience of coordinating and delivering new products on time and to specification  Some knowledge of instrumentation, sensing, gas detection or safety / process control would be useful This role requires coordination experience and capability together with a pragmatic and realistic approach. It also requires a proactive and entrepreneurial outlook. If this is you, we would like to hear from you. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website.