Title: Immediate Start: Media & Entertainment Sales Representative
Webindex: 68682172
Company: PAP Worldwide
Description: Immediate Start: Media Entertainment Sales Representative Pap Worldwide in Glasgow are looking to kick off 2013 with a bang for our client in the media and entertainment industry. We’re looking to develop 15 Media Entertainment Sales Representatives over the next 3 months. We’re interested in people with great customer service skills and an interest in talking about the latest films, shows and video games. In just over 7 years, our client has become the Leading European Film Subscription Service, combining the benefits of DVD rental by post and, more recently, digital streaming. They want our sales team’s help to promote their products and services to residents of the Glasgow region. Sales Representative Requirements: Sales or Customer Service experience is recommended Smart dress and business communication skills are essential since you’ll be representing our client facetoface You’ll need to be able to commute to Glasgow on a daily basis for applications and producttraining You’ll need to be over **** and eligible to work in the UK Selfmotivation, an good work ethic, and the ability to work unsupervised are important because your earnings will be determined by your results Before reaching a final decision, you may be invited to spend an unearned observational day in the field Producttraining workshops are held regularly so you can become more familiar with their products and learn successful sales techniques from your peers. Advancement opportunities are likely to become available as we grow, expand into other markets and diversify our portfolio. Therefore, we’re also interested in people with leadership or management experience to assist with market penetration and expanding our portfolio. For consideration: Simply send your CV through the online application process. Please let us know your availability in your covering letter because we'll be contacting immediate starts straight away. We aim to contact all successful applicants within 3 working days of receiving their application This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ImmediateStartMediaEntertainmentSalesRepresentative_job****