Title: Principal Engineer  Material & Body Engineering Development
Webindex: 69786404
Description: As a Principal Engineer for Aston Martin Lagonda (AML), you'll be responsible for the material and body engineering development  critical to the delivery of AML product creation. Your key challenge is to ensure the robust test, development and sign off of body engineering performance targets. So, you'll be accountable for process, design verification planning and execution for all body engineering and body materials physical test sign off. This extends from the development of cosmetic finishes to meet design aspirations and the advancement of body engineering joining technologies. It also covers various performance attributes from water management to mechanical durability. Leading a team of engineers in the execution of these processes, you'll act as a consultant on the selection and implementation of materials across PD and design. Continuing to develop and manage the body engineering test facilities, i.e. the materials laboratory and the body development lab in the prototype workshop, you'll support body PMTs and PATs in component material selection, specifications for engineering drawings and design verification target setting. You'll also support the generation of targets at all levels, from component to full vehicle, to ensure robust engineering performance for all attributes in all real world applications of our products. Driving the research and development of new technologies to support the continuous improvement in all our body performance targets, you'll have extensive experience in product engineering with emphasis on the development of new materials technology and materials testing. A strong leader with an engineering degree, you'll have an intuitive knowledge of fundamental materials and mechanical engineering. Knowledge of body engineering joining systems is also essential, specifically bonded structures and testing methods (both virtual and physical). You'll also need a detailed approach to design and development, and an analytical and systematic take on problem solving. A strong heritage brand with a unique culture, it's the combination of traditional craftsmanship and cutting edge technology that makes Aston Martin truly special. This uniqueness filters into the working environment too, which is fastpaced and enormously rewarding. You'll have the opportunity to rise to new and exciting challenges on a daily basis, and gain a breadth of experience and expertise that's beyond compare. To apply please send your CV and covering letter including salary expectations.