Title: Structural Engineer (Senior Engineer to Associate Director Level)
Webindex: 72449275
Company: PSA Design Ltd
Description: Job Summary To lead and build the PSA Design structures team, including: responsibility for projects from tender through detailed design to construction on site; project/team management, financial control and Client liaison. The job will require a close working relationship with both the Directors and the other engineering disciplines within the company. The role would suit a Senior Engineer looking to take the next step in career development or someone already at Principle/Associate Director seeking a new challenge. PSA Design PSA Design is a small but dynamic Civil and Structural Engineering consultancy with an extensive Client base across the North West and North of England. Within the existing team we cover a wide range of disciplines including: Highways and Transportation; Drainage and Flood Risk; Structures; Geotechnical and Contamination/Remediation. PSA Design employs **** people with a turnover of just under 0.5m and is looking to build upon the existing structures workload in order to expand this side of the business. The ideal candidate will be able to fulfil this role and become an integral part of the PSA Design team as we grow the business into the future. Overview of Main Duties and Responsibilities Liaise closely with the PSA Design Directors to build the business specifically with respect to structural engineering aspects but also the other disciplines. To head the Structures Team and coordinate and supervise the workload of a Structural Technician. Work closely and seamlessly with the other staff within the PSA Design team on multidisciplinary projects. Manage the financial aspects of the Structural workload. Provide the interface between Clients and PSA Design. Proactively seek opportunities to market PSA Design and to grow all aspects of the business. Experience needed to fulfil the role A good understanding and working knowledge of the relevant standards, design guides and design software pertaining to structural design. A good understanding and working knowledge of relevant UK legislation including (but limited to) that pertaining to construction generally, health and safety and Party Wall Act. Experience of designing solutions which are pragmatic, deliverable and cost effective – working with Clients/Contractors in a flexible to achieve solutions which are appropriate for all concerned. Experience of leading, project managing, or taking responsibility for projects of varying sizes including all stages from tender/inception through detailed design, to construction. Experience of delivering projects without (or with minimal) supervision and checking the work of others. Qualifications Required Chartered (ICE or IStructE) – desirable but not essential. Essential Skills Required The job holder must be accurate and thorough in all tasks and attention to detail is of high importance. High degree of computer literacy is essential in the role. An ability to communicate with staff at all levels within the organisation, being tactful and diplomatic at all times. Time Management and Organisational skills are essential to ensure the job holder is able to multitask and prioritise workload effectively to meet Department and/or Business demands. Strong interpersonal skills. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/StructuralEngineerSeniorEngineertoAssociateDirectorLevel_job****