Title: Control Systems  Project Manager
Webindex: 69121828
Description: My client has an immediate requirement for a Control Systems Project Manager to provide support across the project lifecycle. Clients are normally based in the UK but flexibility to work abroad is essential. The right candidates will need to demonstrate a desire to be challenged and to contribute towards the success and growth of the business. In return we can offer career development, an empowered and supportive working environment and competitive reward package. The successful candidate will have:  Experience of managing projects and bids to time, cost and quality constraints or;  Significant experience in the delivery of systems integration projects involving EC&I, SCADA and PLC disciplines and looking for a move into project management. Applicants for this position must have the right to work in the UK without restriction. The requirements: Candidates will ideally be Degree qualified (ideally ****:**** or above) or equivalent, and have experience of project management and / or technical leadership of projects to time, quality and cost objectives. A good track record in one or more of the following is required:  Planning, and updating plans to react to changing requirements  Financial ownership / budgetary responsibility  Administration of all aspects of financial management of projects (e.g. Purchase Orders. Invoicing, Forecasting Cost to Complete etc.)  Risk management  theory plus evidence of understanding risk identification and mitigation  Technical appreciation of software products and delivery practice  Experience of EC&I, SCADA and PLC technologies and projects You'll also be able to demonstrate the following:  Developing client management and communication skills  Team leadership, and a understanding of how to assess and get the best from a team  Commercial appreciation, including bidding, scoping and negotiating  A drive to deliver, including evidence to support your 'delivery focus' and 'attention to detail'  Adaptability and flexibility  Supplier and subcontractor management Ideally you will also:  Have experience in the development and delivery of EC&I, SCADA and PLC projects  Have an interest in Project Management qualifications and training  Be pursuing or interested in pursuing Chartership through the Association of Project Management (APM) or an equivalent professional body Additional information: SECURITY  All candidates must be in a position to obtain UK security clearance to SC level. Additional restrictions may apply to certain projects Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.