Title: Applications Engineer  CAN and Control Systems
Webindex: 71710165
Company: Matchtech Group Plc
Description: Vehicle Systems Engineer with strong CAN, Controls Systems and a mix of Hardware and Software knowledge. Required to work in a customer facing position, as first line support of company products. You must have had Vehicle systems and CAN experience. Responsibilities: The Applications Engineer is responsible for firstline technical support and guidance to users of the company software and hardware products. Interaction will be in person and by telephone/email. Application engineers also maintain relations between the customer and the organization for all engineering matters. This is a permanent position with salary and benefits dependent upon experience and qualifications. Responsibilities will include: Point of technical contact for all customers. Involved throughout entire customer interaction with Vehicle Systems products including presales activities, technical support and customer training. Develop product demonstrations and application examples for presales activities. Maintain expert knowledge of all company products and third party tools such as those from The MathWorks. Accountable for high quality, timely and thorough customer support. Analyze customer problems to determine and implement best solutions. Translate customer requirements into system solutions and provide timely feedback to Marketing and Product Engineering as input for new product or feature development. Participate in testing and validation of products, including software prior to market release. Work with sales to develop and maintain customer information in a common customer relationship database. Perform benchmark research to determine a product s ability to solve specific customer problems. Maintain knowledge/understanding of competitive products. Develop, review and maintain documentation such as application notes. Represent the company at industry tradeshows/conferences. Willing to travel within the UK region to the customer s location. Though less frequent, some international travel can be expected. Some assignments could require parttime location at the customer s site. Any other task assigned by management. Qualifications: The ideal candidate will have the following qualifications: Highly motivated by the challenges of working with different applications and implementing new technology. Strong knowledge of electronic control system development processes, as well as software/hardware architectures. Strong knowledge of control system communications and diagnostic protocols. Knowledge of powertrain calibration, CAN communications and vehicle instrumentation. Experience with The MathWorks products including MATLAB, Simulink, Simulink Coder (formally known as RealTime Workshop), RealTime Workshop Embedded Coder, Stateflow and Stateflow coder. Strong problem solving skills and the ability to think logically when under pressure. Ability to remain poised, patient and calm in stressful situations. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Excellent listening skills; able to hear the need behind the customer s questions. Highly sensitive to and aware of sales issues and opportunities. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.