Title: Ophthalmic clinical nurse / technician  Reading
Webindex: 71602656
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Job title: Ophthalmic clinical nurse / technician Location: Reading Salary  Dependent upon experience Hours  Full time Accountable to: Out patients lead Responsible for: Ophthalmic clinic patientsMy Client is a brand new hospital currently recruiting for a Opthalmic Clinical Nurse. My client is an entrepreneurial partnership of healthcare professionals committed to shaping the future of healthcare and delivering the highest quality care with compassion. They were formed to implement a healthcare delivery model that allows those closest to patients to take control and have freedom to innovate. Everyone working for the hospital becomes a partner, and today, their partnership is the largest of its kind in the UK, having over **** consultants and **** GPs. Principal ResponsibilitiesProviding support to the Ophthalmologists within the clinical facility. Skills required; Visual acuity monitoring and biometryAssistance with minor procedures such as lucentis injections and lump / bump removalPreassessment of ophthalmic surgical patientsThe role requires you to work autonomously within your sphere of competency. Manage the day to day case workload allocated. To practice advanced clinical skills and to be responsible for the assessment of care needs, the development, implementation and evaluation of programmes of care. Participate in the development of nurseled clinical services within the specialist field in an out patient setting providing expert advice, specialist education and training to others. To work effectively as part of a multi professional team, in line with protocols and policies of the local service and professional boundaries.Clinical responsibilities Act as a positive role model to staff and patients. To deliver patient focussed care which includes; assessment, planning, delivery and evaluation of care in line with model of care. This requires the position to have highly developed specialist nursing and technical skills pertinent to the specialist area. To work with all members of the multidisciplinary team to ensure high standards of evidence based care for the patient including the education and support of the other team members Plays an active role in adhering to the outcomes and action plans for Clinical and NonClinical Risk Assessments for Patient Care and the Environment. Participate in unit meetings and the development of care programmes and care/treatment plans. Carry out procedures and treatments for patients within the clinic setting as instructed by the ophthalmologist within agreed protocols and guidelines. Set up and assist with minor op ophthalmic surgery or any other treatments requiring the use of a minor op / clean room. Actively promoting robust infection control practices to maintain high standards of cleanliness in the clinical area. To take responsibility for the efficient transfer of information and communication with other members of the team. Undertake the assessment and consent of patients within a defined specialist field and agreed protocols. Assist in the planning, implementation and evaluation of any new development involving policy and practice To work/supervise/assist with patient care to ensure the maintenance of safe evidence based quality care provision. Administer / instil eye drops Provide patient information and education. Person SpecificationEssential:Qualifications Previous Experience RN (Level 1), BSc / Diploma or other relevant Post Graduate Qualification or a Portfolio demonstrating relevant experience. Post Basic Qualification in Ophthalmology (ENB 346) or equivalent experience. Evidence of post registration experience in ophthalmology.Skills, Abilities Behaviours Demonstrate knowledge of principles and philosophy of Clinical Governance. Demonstrate ability to respond to situations and act on own initiative. Good interpersonal skills Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing. Enthusiastic, highly motivated and committed. Able to manage own work load and work autonomously using own initiative Manage time effectively focusing on achieving priorities. Able to provide advice information in a polite courteous manner. Ability to cope in stressful situations. Ability to work in a multidisciplinary team. Ability to organise and coordinate. Flexible attitude to working arrangements. Adaptable, friendly, polite, courteous and caring. Committed to customer care and first class service provision. Committed to continuing education and professional development. Honesty and reliability. Mentally and physically fit to undertake the role.For further information please contact Holly Brace at JP Recruit on N/A or N/A or alterntively email your cv to holly N/A .uk