Title: Applications Engineer/Sales Support
Webindex: 72635642
Company: Genesis Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Our Client provides Total Solutions to Customers in the Gas Compression, Drilling (Land and Offshore), Well servicing and Production Power / Pumping segments through their Dealer Network. In order to realise the growth opportunity in the on and offshore Drilling and Production segments, they require a Sales Support Engineer. The Role: You will provide technical expertise and presales commercial support for production power applications for Petroleum business in the EAME region. Responsibilities include working with dealers and end customers to successfully apply natural gas and diesel engines into on and offshore petroleum applications. You will review customer specifications and use these specs to build technical solutions through commercial quotations for engines and generators. Through this work, you will select products, assess the competition and aid the dealers and Company managers in the quest for market leadership, customer satisfaction and attractive financial results. You will be a recognised expert in product applications, most especially with regard to generator specifications and diesel and gas engines and will have served as a trusted advisor for dealers and supported their sales efforts. This role is a key contributor for the Company s vision of growth for the EAME region. Through close support and technical advice, you will be an integral part of a team focused on market leadership and achieving the Company s long term plans. Requirements: Essential: Strong customer focus, good written and oral communication skills, organizational and computer skills. Technical knowledge of engines, mechanical systems, electrical power systems, and electronic controls is required along with strong mechanical and/or electrical aptitude. An ability to develop and articulate product concepts is essential. Ability to work in a team environment and with diverse groups of employees and customers. Ability to communicate technical information effectively. A selfstarter with strong technical leadership skills plus the initiative and ability to solve problems on their own through analysis, information gathering, and learning in order to design, develop, and implement solutions. A commitment to provide prompt, high quality responses to customer requests which may often require extended work days and travel. Excellent judgment and decision making ability in order to work with both technical and commercial issues involved in the growing Petroleum business. Ability to travel throughout Europe, Africa and the Middle East is essential  travel time **** to 40%. Desired: Understanding of engine and generator products or ability to demonstrate an understanding of products used in Oil and Gas industry. Experience with design and/or application of engine and generator products. Prior experience in dealer/customer facing positions. Strong knowledge of those supplying engines and generators for on and offshore production power applications. Strong working knowledge with respect to on and offshore generators, engines, controls systems, design and construction specifications, industry certifications, product applications and operation Degree Qualified with previous engineering and/or marketing experience or equivalent job experience. This vacancy is only available to Candidates with relevant experience as detailed in the job description. Due to volume of applications, we are unable to respond to applicants who do not possess the required skills and experience. Recent Graduates who do not have the required level of industry experience need not apply. Candidates must be authorised to work in the country where this role is located BEFORE making an application