Title: Senior Engine Design Engineers
Webindex: 68561586
Company: Advantage Technical Resourcing
Description: Senior Engine Design Engineer As a result of the continued success and demand, this state of the art automotive manufacturing company are seeking a number of Senior Engine Design Engineers to join the companies dedicated design team on the delivery of a number of exciting and challenging engine development programmes. Reporting to the Design Centre Manager, key responsibilities will include: Engine systems and component design in a multi project environment Simultaneous engineering: Design for manufacture, assembly and service. Tooling optimisation and piece cost control Supporting purchasing with supplier selection Production of design documentation and presentations at formal design reviews In addition to a strong engineering background and experience in engine design (diesel or gasoline), ideal candidates will be: Educated to degree level in a relevant engineering discipline Experienced in new product design (concept to launch), including development of engineering specifications Have a considerable knowledge of engine systems and components Be a competent user of ****D CAD systems (NX preferred) To compliment an excellent remuneration, benefits and support package, the successful candidate can expect a modern work/research environment, the opportunity to work with some of the most respected engine designers in field and a gateway to move your design career to a new level. In the first instance please contact Gary Whitfield on or email (see below) for further details of this exciting position. Please note: your details and CV will be treated in the strictest of confidence Legal Information: Advantage Technical Resourcing. Services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temp work. With over 40 years of specialist experience, Advantage Technical Resourcing is the recruiter of choice for IT and Engineering professionals across EMEA. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Please visit our website to find out more about us. Advantage Technical Resourcing: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work.