Title: Firmware Design Engineer
Webindex: 71764558
Company: Northern Design
Description: A professional engineer, working as part of a small R D team involved in the design and manufacture of intelligent, network enabled, electricity monitoring and energy management systems. The multifaceted role will involve embedded firmware development for microcontroller based products and their integration onto the internet and commercial and industrial networks. Design must be carried out to international standards meeting rapidly changing sales targets. The role requires the management of projects from concept to completion including the following tasks: Product specification. Component sourcing. Analogue/digital hardware selection. Embedded firmware development for microcontrollers including C/C++/Assembler etc Designing and testing robust systems for connection to the internet/intranet. Low level programming of TCP/IP and other network protocols. Ethernet interface hardware design/configuration. (MAC/PHY) Customer/Internal support including: Installation, commissioning, network configuration, and troubleshooting. Key skills and experience required includes: Embedded software development (C, C++, DigiDynamic C, Linux, ARM Cortex, assembler etc). Indepth experience/knowledge of internet/intranet hardware/firmware systems. Indepth experience/knowledge of network protocols such as TCP/IP including: DHCP, DNS, SNMP, SNTP, UDP, HTTP, Modbus TCP etc Extensive experience of network configuration, troubleshooting and customer support. Server/Client based software development for O/S such as Microsoft, Linux etc (JavaScript, MySQL, Python etc). Knowledge of mobile internet protocols (GSM/GPRS etc) Technical authoring in English (MS Word). Competence in PC based office tools (Word, Excel, Access etc). Person Specification Candidates should be educated to a minimum of degree level in electronic/electrical engineering or similar discipline with a desire to continuously improve and a willingness to train in new competencies. A very high level of self motivation and the ability to work as part of a team are both essential. Candidates should show creative flair and be able to bring new ideas to the table. Experience of project management and/or people management are both highly desirable.