Title: Systems Design Engineer  Electronic Fire & Security Systems
Webindex: 67766455
Company: Fast Track Management Services
Description: Systems Design Engineer  Electronic Fire & Security Systems Leading independent installer of fire alarm and electronic security solutions, require a systems design engineer to design and cost complex life safety and electronic security systems including, but not limited to, fire detection, voice alarm, disabled refuge, CCTV, access control and intruder systems. Key Tasks: To progress sales enquiries and tenders, and to establish customers requirements in conjunction with our sales managers. To design any number of life safety and security systems plus any other integrated building system as specified within the Company's scope of work based upon customer requirements, specifications, drawings and current standards. To prepare proposals, quotations and tender documents for designed systems. To assess the security and fire risk factors influencing the design. To ensure that the content of all quotations and system design specifications are compatible with the requirements of all applicable technical and regulatory standards (i.e. EN, BS, HTM) and BAFE/NSI Codes of Practice. To ensure adherence to all Company policies  including those for quality, health & safety and the management of false alarms. To take an active role within the continuous improvement of Company systems. To provide reports as appropriate to the directors of the Company. To carry out any other job specific duties as deemed appropriate by the directors of the Company. Professional Experience: To be conversant with the products and systems specified and with any significant limitations inherent in such products and systems. To be conversant with and up to date in respect of new technologies, technical standards, regulatory standards, and the national implementation of EU directives, etc. that are relevant to the design process. To be conversant with installation requirements such that system design specifications are professionally compiled and finalised in a manner which gives clear and unambiguous information to the customer and to the installing engineer. To have knowledge of all applicable quality systems (ISO9001, SSQS**** FSQS**** etc). To have a clear understanding of construction industry and tender related This is a fantastic opportunity to join a major player in an exciting and rewarding position. Previous experience in a similar related electronic fire and security design role is essential to be considered. Location: Gloucester Salary: ****K  Full Package design engineer fire security