Title: Process Operative Opportunities (Manufacturing, Maintenance, FLT) BLUP****
Webindex: 66314708
Company: Blue Octopus Recruitment
Description: Process Operative Opportunities (Manufacturing, Maintenance, FLT ) BLUP**** Cwmbran, South Wales Salary **** plus shift allowance, bonus and benefits As the UK s leading Insulation Company, our client represents one of the most respected and progressive names in building products throughout Europe. They are the UK s only manufacturer of multiple types of insulation including; rock mineral wool, glass mineral wool and extruded polystyrene insulation products, providing an unrivalled range for building, H V, process and appliance insulation, as well as fabrication applications. Exciting opportunities have now arisen for Process Operatives to join their busy Cwmbran plant, producing glass mineral wool. As the company operates a 24 hour continuous process, the successful candidates will be expected to work a variety of shift patterns that are operated in various departments within the site. Candidates will be required to carry out basic maintenance and technical tasks and, after an initial training/induction program, will take up a position on days or shifts carrying out roles key to optimising efficiencies and maximising plant output, whilst demonstrating modern teamwork principles at all times. Safety awareness, housekeeping and the upkeep of the company s assets are also key requirements for these roles. The ideal candidate will be enthusiastic, self motivated, willing and prepared to progress. Having the ability to proactively take responsibility for the efficient and costeffective operation of the process is essential in fulfilling the requirements of this role. It is essential that candidates hold an FLT licence and, ideally, be familiar with SAP systems. Previous experience of operating machinery in an industrial manufacturing environment would be a distinct advantage. Above all, it is essential that candidates have a good level of education, holding at least **** GCSEs at AC level. Hours of work: 38 hours per week (initial days), shift work on completion of training In addition to the salary highlighted, the site operates a **** monthly bonus scheme based on plant performance. This is a Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd vacancy who are operating as an employment agency. Once you have clicked to apply for this vacancy, we will then send you more information on the role including a copy of the application form via email.