Title: Assistant Bridge Engineer
Webindex: 72459057
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction We have an urgent requirement for an Assistant Bridge Engineer to work in North London. Important Bridge Design experience The Job JOB TITLE: Assistant Highway Structures Engineer Reporting to: Principal/Senior Structures Engineer JOB PURPOSE To assist the Principal/Senior Engineer in the project management, safety and technical work on all activities relating to the inspection, study, design, maintenance and construction of highway structures on the trunk road or LA network as delegated on a task basis. TASKS / RESPONSIBILITIES: Planning own task work effectively to a given brief and advising on resource needs. Producing technical documents and reports for checking by Principal/Senior Engineers that meet specified quality and client objectives. Producing and developing sound amp; innovative design solutions for checking by Principal/Senior Engineers to meet client requirements in the highways structures sector. Assist with successful WGC Structures project delivery to Client objectives, to budget and programme. Adopt the ethos of a positive partnering relationship with Client, Framework and Term Maintenance Contractors, and assist with its development with other EM teams or Offices. Actively seek mentoring amp; development to assist in the organic growth and succession management of the structures team, with the target to be a Chartered Professional. Follow suitable H amp;S practices in any bridge inspection/investigations that are carried out. Understand the principles of the CDM Regulations for own project tasks, seeking appropriate mentoring amp; training as appropriate. Actively promote Health and Safety in the workplace, setting a good example to other employees and ensuring awareness of and compliance with general Health and Safety responsibilities as set out in the Health and Safety Management System. Perform other duties as may from time to time be reasonably required. SKILLS / EXPERIENCE Knowledge /Experience: Assistant project management of structures projects for delivery to programme and budget in a safe environment. Highway structures projects an advantage. Typically 3 years post graduate (BSc) experience in Civil/Structural Engineering and actively pursuing CEng. Assisting with the supervision of junior Structures staff. Design and/or contract document preparation experience to HA procedures, particularly knowledge of bridge engineering standards would be an advantage. Technical Skills / Ability Computer literate plus analytical design and/or CAD experience. Ability to communicate with stakeholders on technical issues in the highway structures sector an advantage. Good communication and report writing skills commensurate with key client expectations. Good working knowledge of H amp;S procedures in the both the inspection/survey of Structures and also the CDM Regulations. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK