Title: R D CM Development Engineer
Webindex: 69961990
Company: Reed Energy
Description: Organisation description: Our client provides specialist asset management services to customers in a wide range of industries from Oil & Gas and Petrochemical to Pharmaceutical & Manufacturing. They provide a fully integrated service based upon Condition Based Maintenance (CBM) ranging from Condition Monitoring (CM) to Computerised maintenance management systems (CMMS). Utilising these methods they deliver a flexible range of hardware and software solutions that enable realtime machine monitoring and performance analysis of every part of their customers process. Due to continued success they are recruiting for a Specialist Mechanical Engineer to support the design, development and validation of a Condition Monitoring system. Job description: Responsibilities include working with lab technicians to help in the set up of trials and associated instrumentation to gather test data. The candidate will have knowledge of sensors and signal processing and data analysis techniques used in condition monitoring of rotating machinery. The candidate will use these techniques along with expert domain knowledge to extract diagnostic and prognostic information from potentially large or complex data sets. The candidate will also help develop (with external expertise) frontend software for product health monitoring. Key Tasks : Assist in the selection and procurement of data acquisition equipment and sensors for a condition monitoring system capable of operating in potentially explosive environments. Work with product groups to identify product failure modes and design trials for data gathering and validation purposes. Work with Test Engineers to set up trials to gather condition data from the clients products (seals, couplings and bearings). Implement and execute signal processing and data analysis techniques using lab software such as LabView in order to generate data suitable for the development and validation of diagnostic and prognostic algorithms. Work with key internal and external stakeholders in the development of advanced fault diagnosis and prognosis Person specification: The ideal candidate will have an Engineering degree, or equivalent with experience with rotating equipment such as pumps and compressors, condition monitoring/Industrial automation and the use of lab software such as LabView or equivalent with a passion for Technology and Engineering Required Technical Knowledge: Strong mechanical background with experience in rotational machinery Condition Monitoring/Industrial automation Skilled use of laboratory software (LabView, Matlab, or MathCAD) for the application of signal processing and data gathering techniques. Beneficial Knowledge of mechanical seals, seal support systems and power transmission couplings Knowledge of fault diagnosis and prognosis techniques Experience in the use of systems in potentially explosive environments (ATEX) Software development (especially GUI development) The role will be based in Trafford Park, Manchester.