Title: Senior Analyst  Chartered Engineer
Webindex: 68590975
Company: URS Infrastructure Environment UK Ltd
Description: URS is currently recruiting for a Senior Chartered Engineer  Analyst, to join our Advanced Structures team in our Basingstoke office. The Advanced Structures team undertake a wide range of unusual structural engineering projects including those which feature seismic, blast, wave, and other dynamic loads. The right candidate will need to demonstrate a desire to be challenged as well as being able to contribute to the range of skills that we are able to draw on to deliver the technical aspects of projects. You will be expected to:  Take responsibility for and undertake either finite element or computational fluid dynamics analyses with limited supervision within prescribed programme constraints  Prepare analysis and design reports for client submission  Undertake structural design of complex structures using current British Standards and Eurocodes  Have a desire to learn new skills and ability to consider the wider engineering issues related to the analyses being undertaken  Contribute to the broad range of technical skills that the Advanced Structures team possess There are opportunities for continuing professional development and career progression with the opportunity for the appropriate candidate to move towards managing project delivery. Requirements: You will be degree educated in Civil/Structural Engineering, ideally with indepth study of finite element/finite difference or CFD methods. You will also be a Chartered Engineer through ICE or IstructE. You will have:  Experience in advanced use of finite element methods of analysis using a commercially available software package (e.g. ANSYS, LUSAS, ABAQUS, COMSOL, STAAD)  Able to interpret finite element analysis results into practical engineering solutions.  Able to decide on the appropriate level of reliance and accuracy to attach to a variety of results obtained from FE analysis  Familiar with programming tools  e.g. one or more of VB, VBA, Fortran, C++ etc.  Keen to learn new analytical skills  Be able to turn their hand to a wide variety of structural engineering problems, including those that do not require a finite element solution  Able to demonstrate an ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously. Ideally, the successful candidate will be:  Familiar with ANSYS  Able to express complex analysis methods and concepts in a manner which a nonspecialist can understand  Familiar with at least one nonlinear, time and frequency domain method of analysis