Title: Mechanical Engineer  Berkshire
Webindex: 68804868
Company: Randstad
Description: Mechanical Engineer  Permanent  Water Industry  Competitve Salary To provide technical expertise in all areas of Mechanical Engineering. The work will include the mechanical input from feasibility through to construction and commissioning on a wide variety of projects.  Liaise with Clients and Contractors to identify opportunities and develop business relationships  Provide the Mechanical input into asset surveys and plant condition assessments, feasibility studies, optioneering, whole life costing and conceptual design  Responsibility for detailed design, value engineering, specification and selection of process equipment, tender assessments, reports and recommendations.  Produce project documentation including engineering specifications, data sheets, layout drawings etc  Undertake site inspections, carry out feasibility reviews and work up proposals for the schemes  Produce the mechanical specifications and deliverables for schemes in accordance with current legislation and standards for the scheme requirements  Liase with Subcontractors and deal with technical queries  Undertake factory acceptance testing of mechanical plant  Undertake site testing and commissioning  Using appropriate software to provide advice, solutions and successful project outcomes for clients.  Provide guidance and mentoring to less experienced members within the team  Complete all work in line with Core Values and in accordance with Quality Systems and Project Quality Procedures. Person Degree qualified (or equivalent) in Mechanical Engineering or other relevant subject A member of a relevant engineering institution i.e. IMechE Experience in water industry and preferably previous experience in mechanical design of water / wastewater treatment plants and water / wastewater networks. Ability to manage and develop projects from a brief. Knowledge and skills in the in the planning, specification, design procurement and commissioning of mechanical equipment for projects in the water, or process industries Possess sound knowledge of current legislation and able to work in accordance with QA and H amp;S procedures. Computer literate with a good understanding of Microsoft Office Ability to work well in a multidisciplinary team and independently Strong communication skills all levels with the client, suppliers, contractors and our design team  both written and oral Good client service focus Excellent organisational skills and able to multitask Must be able to plan and prioritise work load effectively Only expereinced Water Industry Engineers will be considered for this role. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills Water and wastewater quot;mechanical engineer quot; and design