Title: Mechanical Engineer / Inspector  District Heating
Webindex: 72242986
Company: BBL Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Mechanical Engineer Sector: Public Sector / Local Authority Region: North London Duration: 3 Months  Remuneration: **** per hour The Clients is a North London based Local Authority with an immediate requirement for an experienced Mechanical Building Services Engineer ideally Gas Safe registered to act as an expert on all matters relating to handling of communal heating and gas. To advise senior management and external agencies/contractors on any Health Safety legislation in any heating related matters within the Housing Property Service, demonstrating the technical and specialist ability to resolve all heating related matters innovatively whilst maintaining the highest level of technical quality. To advise, in a Heating Engineering consultant capacity, on projects from inception to completion, to achieve client and business unit project aims and objectives. The post holder will act as a Client Agent for daytoday management of communal heating and gas plant and equipment, to achieve client and business unit project aims and objectives. Key responsibility areas: To ensure the communal heating and gas records are maintained to comply with the relevant regulations and legislations. To undertake duties required to act as client agent for communal heating and gas matters. These will include: Contractor supervision Inspection of work Raising of repair orders Scrutiny and certification of resulting invoices Surveying and reporting on client heating plant and equipment as required, Preparing specification and schedule of works Proactive monitoring of heating plant and network condition Management of servicing programme Liaison with contractors, insurance inspectors, clients and all other parties as may be necessary to comply provide a satisfactory service. To report on the condition of, and provide suitable recommendations for, every item of communal heating and gas plant and equipment and associated systems managed by the heating engineer. To undertake work on small heating and gas projects from inception to completion, including brief writing in conjunction with the Principal Heating Water Engineer, client, surveys, feasibility studies, reports, preliminary design, detailed designs, risk assessments, constructional detailing, preparation of tender documents, examination of tenders, site supervision, contract administration and liaison with clients, tenant representatives and consultants, statutory authorities and other Directorates, as necessary at all stages. Where required, to report on the condition of, and provide suitable recommendations for, individual heating and gas installations. To undertake all relevant duties in accordance with Construction Design and Management (CDM) Regulations. Where instructed by the Principal Heating Water Engineer, to undertake the responsibility for communal heating and gas plant and equipment as described in HPS Standard Procedures. To assist the Principal Heating Water Engineer to update HPS Standard Procedures and assist in the preparation of new procedures as required for the efficient running of the business unit. To keep informed on and apply where appropriate, new technology, management methods, Standing Orders, Codes of Practice, Financial Regulations, British and European Standards, Building Law, Central Government regulations and legislation and ensuring that all appropriate applications are made to secure all statutory and other approvals including financial and building control as appropriate to the post holder’s projects. To be responsible for agreeing and monitoring progress against servicing and other programs and reporting progress regularly to the Principal Heating Water Engineer. In conjunction with the Principal Heating Water Engineer, to agree financial budgets and fee levels for projects; monitoring construction and fee expenditure and reporting these regularly to the Principal Heating Water Engineer, agreeing necessary action to deal promptly with delays and/or over expenditure. To chair meetings including monthly contract meetings, making decisions as required and giving instructions to the contractor as necessary. To take minutes of such meetings where necessary. To instigate the issue of all certificates/invoices in accordance with the terms of contract and ensuring all associated work is undertaken (e.g. listing defects, organising handover meetings). To provide relevant heating engineering information requested in connection with any adjudication/arbitration/litigation associated with the postholder’s projects or contracts . Assessing and ascertaining (in conjunction with the Principal Heating Water Engineer), contractor’s claims. To advise the Principal Heating Water Engineer, as required, on daytoday contractual problems as they arise. To deal with all contentious and/or complex issues relating to the service area. To initiate, receive and deal with correspondence and reports for the service area, obtaining approval and signature of the Principal Heating Water Engineer as necessary. To directly liaise and be responsible for effective contact with others as necessary to implement projects and duties (e.g. Client, Building Surveyor, Architect, Quantity Surveyor, Structural Engineer, Electrical Engineer, Programming, Planning, Administration). To be directly responsible for providing information for reports and delegated reports, as requested by the Client in relation to the service area. To keep abreast of all current Council, Housing and HPS practices and procedures, ensuring that they are carried out in connection with the post holders’ contracts and projects in accordance with the prevailing deadlines. To participate in and contribute with the necessary Principal Heating Water Engineer in fortnightly performance management meetings. To participate in and contribute to the Lambeth Staff Appraisal and Development Scheme. To update professional knowledge and comply with Continuing Professional Development (CPD) requirements and advise the Principal Heating Water Engineer of training needs. To undertake any reasonable duties in the event of the Council's civil emergency plan being activated. To be part of the business unit’s outofhours standby arrangements and to provide technical advice and attend site outside working hours when the need arises. To ensure the requirements of the service is met before time off is taken and to be available to cover for absent staff. To be aware of Health and Safety at Work Act and its responsibilities, both in the workplace and associated with professional duties, and to ensure good practice and compliance within areas of responsibility. At all times, to carry out the duties and responsibilities of the post with due regard to the Council’s Equal Opportunity, AntiRacist and AntiSexist Policies and undergo such training as may be required by these policies. To use the Council’s computers and associated systems as required. To use own vehicle as required to carry out the duties of the post. To ensure that all Council Housing policies and procedures are complied with to provide an effective, efficient and successful operational management of the service area. To deputise for the Principal Heating Water Engineer as and when necessary This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MechanicalEngineerInspectorDistrictHeating_job****