Title: Automotive Systems Engineer (ADAS)
Webindex: 72383271
Company: Altran
Description: As global leader in innovation and high???tech engineering consulting, Altran accompanies its clients in the creation and development of their new products and services. The ADAS technologies will support a range of new and exciting features that our client will be integrating into its vehicle lines over the coming years. Primary responsibility is to support the camera system integration work required in order to ensure the new technology will seamlessly integrate into the vehicle electrical architecture and function according to the customer requirements whilst maintaining the highest quality and safety standards. Education/Experience Systems Engineering experience from requirements capture to systems design. Good understanding of the V model and the iteration between the development and test pahses of the V cycle. Electrical integration of features/components into vehicle electrical architecture in accordance with our client processes and standards (CAN, power supply, electrical circuit, software etc.). Quality analysis and testing (Quality History, DFMEAs, Failure Mode Avoidance,). Experience in the Development of test plans according to requirements. Able to lead and manage a team. Experience in integration of complex systems Knowledge of risk management and risk mitigation Good project management and communication skills Conduct and support vehicle/system/component testing and generating test reports. Issue identification, investigation and escalation. Experience the development of complex DVP of image processing systems Experience the development of complex DVP of image processing systems Beng/Msc or PHD on Systems Engineering or Electrical Engineering Experience in system engineer in the aerospace or automotive sector. Ideally experience in the development of Clusters, cameras and infotainment systems Familiar with tools such as MatLab/Simulink, CANalyser and other test tools Must be able to demonstrate the ability to lead the resolution of technical and process issues within a Project Team environment. Experience in robust engineering essential. Desirable Good communication, interpersonal skills, self confidence and a 'passion for the product' are personal qualities needed to succeed in this high pressure environment, being self motivated and able to deliver with minimum supervision.