Title: Health, Safety & Environment Advisor
Webindex: 68566732
Description: You will provide professional Health, Safety Environmental advice and support to all levels within the organisation in order to develop effective management systems, to ensure legal compliance, to comply with Group Standards, to reduce the risk of harm to people and the environment and to minimise associated business losses. The site HSE advisor will be responsible for:  Manage the site environmental permit and other HSE licenses to operate including data collation, all reporting requirements and authority contact.  Act as the Site primary contact with External Agencies in order to maintain legal compliance.  Provide technical health, safety and environment advice and support to the site in order to reduce incidents, meet Corporate/internal standards and comply with the law  Facilitate the development and maintenance of comprehensive HSE management systems based upon best practice to ensure compliance with Group HSE Policy and the cardinal rules.  Monitor and report HSE performance and provide supporting data to management on progress against improvement plans and targets.  The job requires a professional HSE specialist with a broad range of HSE and general management experience.  A good technical degree in science or engineering, and a professional post graduate SHE qualification (eg NEBOSH and Chartered Safety Practitioner, Diploma in Environmental management.  Strong relevant experience working in a manufacturing environment.  Continuous Professional Development is required to demonstrate updating of knowledge and competence.  Excellent communication skills at all levels, flexibility in approach and the ability to work with minimal supervision is essential. Some of the key deliverables for this role include:  Maintain ISO 1****01 Environmental Management System Certification  Develop and Deliver HSE related training  Provide HSE support for large projects and shutdown activities  Support maintenance of Emergency/Crisis Plans My client are a Global Chemical manufacturer. ****k40kPackage Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Apply to Robin Seehra quoting Job Ref: MPJT**** Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy.