Title: SALES ADMINISTRATOR, HAMPSHIRE
Webindex: 68507902
Description: Sales Administrator, Hampshire. nbsp; nbsp; Our clients sell some of the most prestigious vehicle brands in the world and this outstanding company requires an experienced Sales Administrator at their BMW dealership based in Eastleigh, Hampshire. nbsp; THE ROLE nbsp;As a Sales Administrator you will ensure:  All corporate sales administration duties are carried out accurately and within agreed time scales. Ensure reporting deadlines are met.  Audit quality standards are achieved. nbsp;  Close relations are maintained with accounting staff  The development of relationships with national fleet operators and corporate customers  That you provide a knowledgeable, courteous, responsive and efficient service which projects the quality image of the product and the Company. RESPONSIBILITIES As Sales Administrator, main duties will include: nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp;  Process orders, ensuring they exactly match the signed Order Form the customer  Set up all new vehicles on Kerridge.  Update all vehicle details as required [e.g. consignment no rsquo;s, radio/key codes, mileage, S.I.V., sale price etc]  Process all Order to Work forms to produce job cards within one hour of receipt.  Enter cost estimates from Order to Work.  Compile Handover packs as required.  Complete all AFRL duties ensuring full compliance with DVLA audit requirements.  Complete required V**** used vehicle documentation.  Administer TRACKER process as per Sales Administration Guide [as required].  Review specification and build date of all factory orders. nbsp; Accurately track new vehicle consignment dates, advising an authorised manager as required.  Accurately place factory orders as specified by an authorised manager.  Locate and call off vehicles for stock/transfer as directed by an authorised manager. THE PERSON This is a very busy role and you will need to be flexible and able to work on your own initiative whilst working under pressure. nbsp; nbsp; The ideal candidate will have:  Previous experience as a Vehicle Sales Administrator nbsp;  Computer literacy, including Kerridge experience  Time management and prioritisation skills  Strong communication skills For the role of Sales Administrator there is a salary ote of pound;**** per annum. HOW TO APPLY: nbsp; nbsp; Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients rsquo; business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Sales Administrator will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. nbsp; nbsp; You must have eligibility to work in the UK. nbsp; nbsp; Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Sales Administrator, vehicle, motor, automotive, car,