Title: Electrical Engineer/Graduate Electrical Engineer
Webindex: 72635396
Company: Sigma Recruitment
Description: This is an opportunity to join an innovative and dynamic organisation who are experiencing considerable growth currently. They work within multiple areas providing design solutions for their customer base and they also work with the development of national and international standards for their sector. Salary: ****  **** (dependent on experience)  Pension  Bonus. The Role: Initially you will provide support to the engineering team working closely with the Project Engineers while you develop the specialist knowledge that is required. In the early stages your duties will include basic use of CAD and Modelling Software, analysis of data that is reported back from the team of Field Engineers and Inspectors and the writing of technical reports. As your capabilities and knowledge of the sector develop you will then move on to taking responsibility for the delivery of your own technical projects and directing of the work of the site based members of the team. You will manage this process from the outset liaising with the clients to gain an understanding of their needs, working with them to define the scope of the project and ensuring cost effective and timely delivery of all aspects including technical reports. Training within the sector that the client operates in will be provided and they are happy to assist in the progression for candidates to develop into a Chartered Engineer. The Candidate: Ideally candidates will hold a degree qualification within an electrical Engineering discipline (although HND/HNC level qualification with some experience gained will be considered) Experience with CAD packages is desirable The ability to interpret technical data is required Prior experience of modeling software is advantageous The capability to write technical reports is needed Candidates must have excellent communication skills Must be a good team player Proficiency in all Microsoft Office applications is needed Due to volume of response it is not always possible to respond on an individual basis. We will add your details to our database and keep you informed of any new vacancies. WE WILL NOT SEND YOUR CV TO ANY CLIENTS WITHOUT CONTACTING YOU FIRST