Title: Senior Engineer  Weapon Systems Simulation
Webindex: 68994758
Description: Senior Engineer  Weapon System Simulation Experimentation Role Title: WEAPON SYSTEM SIMULATION AND EXPERIMENTATION ENGINEER Role Purpose: Support and/or Lead the design and development of System TestBeds components of Complex Weapon Systems covering Land, Sea and Air based products. Accountabilities  The Weapon System Simulation and Experimentation Department spans the UK, France, Italy and Germany providing specialised defence simulation capabilities for concept exploration, programme development and user experimentation and training.  The role covers design and development of leadingedge software applications to support battlefield simulations, working in close collaboration with subject matter experts from across Land, Air and Sea defence programmes. Each programme is different, but commonly extends to simulation of many of the battlefield participants; Command and Control structures, Platforms and Weapon Systems.  As a member of a focussed and dynamic team, you will explore and exploit new technologies, in both the defence and commercial markets, and take ownership of their design, development and integration to enhance our international SE capability. You will have the opportunity to work closely with our customers, both internal and external, and partner companies at both a national and international level.  Your flexibility, motivation and experience will help you to embrace the many technical challenges that our business presents; whether that is the simulation of a new weapon, the integration of an international test bed or the use of your software in warfighting simulations. Essential  Develop software components, applications and analysis tools for WSSE TestBeds.  Support (L****) development of simulation architectures to produce testbeds that map meaningfully to weapon system architectures.  Support (L****) design of testbeds to support Experimentation, with analysis and reporting as appropriate to the level of experiment  Maintain Software Design Records and configuration control of testbeds. Create test plans, carry out testing and report test results for components and/or testbeds.  Plan, control and deliver assigned project tasks or work packages, and make an input as required to crossfunctional or international projects/investigations. Ideal  Support (L****) Bid Preparation for future WSSE work.  Liaise with customer e.g. Review Customer s needs, present findings and promote the WSSE System TestBed Through Life philosophy.  Undertake the development of system WSSE Uconcepts and ideas for the resolution of Technical Problems and future work.  Undertake Experiment data analysis  Undertake Technology research and development activities Performance Indicators  Successful and timely delivery of objectives  Ability to adapt to changing circumstances  The ability to think and develop solutions to complex technical problems.  Provision of technical liaison  Positive (enthusiastic and energetic) approach to new tasks  Delivery of new business.  Challenge established thinking.  Able to work on own initiative.  Broadening Synthetic Environment Engineer Skills by formal training and on the job training Skills and Knowledge  Degree or equivalent in relevant discipline  Experience of working in Simulation and Experimentation or similar area. Essential skills:  Modern programming languages (C , C, Java)  Networking network protocols Experience in two or more of the following  Development environments (Visual Studio, Eclipse)  Distributed simulation standards / Protocols (DIS, HLA, DDS)  Visualisation programming (DirectX, OpenGL, Graphics/Games Engines)  Realtime software development  Military Communications and Datalinks Ideally experience from the following related areas:  System engineering  Software engineering  System integration  Programme management The ability to speak French and/or Italian would be beneficial. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK and able to gain UK security clearance Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.