Title: LAMP / Web Applications Developer  PHP, MySQL, JavaScript
Webindex: 69267393
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: LAMP / Web Applications Developer  PHP, MySQL, JavaScript Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire c**** DOE Our client is a successful provider of commercial elearning systems to businesses across all industry sectors. A fantastic opportunity has now arisen for a creative LAMP / Web Applications Developer to devise and develop new features for their core product. This varied and interesting role requires a developer with strong MySQL and PHP abilities together with superb JavaScript skills looking to join a dynamic company. Offering the chance to play a key role in the growth and development of our client s offerings, the successful candidate will join a progressive culture with a strong team focus. As a LAMP / Web Applications Developer, you will be responsible for the current and future development of one of our client s core products, a training compliance and data reporting system. This utilises a YUI JavaScript framework front end to provide innovative solutions for a range of industry sectors. This is a senior role and as such you will play a key role in the evolution of the core product as well as provisioning a system and methodology to support versioning, deployment and upgrades. To join this thriving company, located in lovely surroundings, with an impressive customer base, you must have:  Strong SQL and/or MySQL skills, including the ability to construct complex joins and deeply nested subqueries  Strong PHP experience  Strong JavaScript skills with demonstrable experience of working with OO JavaScript frameworks, preferably YUI ****  At a minimum, a bachelors degree in IT and/or computer science The successful LAMP Developer / Web Applications Developer must be selfmotivated with a proven ability to deliver on both major and smaller projects. You will be keen to learn new skills and be able to work with strong attention to detail. An excellent communicator, you must have a team player mentality and great technical skills. To apply for the role of LAMP / Web Applications Developer (PHP, MySQL, JavaScript), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: LAMP Developer, Web Applications Developer, PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, PHP Developer, PHP Web Developer, LAMP, LAMP Web Developer, Linux, Apache, SQL, Moodle, Web Developer, Developer, PHP Programmer, IT.