Title: Quality Manager (Medical Device) Medical Device Assessor
Webindex: 69079879
Company: Sector Resources Ltd
Description: Our client a global leader are looking for an experienced Quality Manager in Medical Devices / Medical Device Assessor. Management Systems Assessor  MDD Location UK, Homebased Hours of Work **** Job Overview As an established Notified Body for both the Medical Devices and In vitro Diagnostic Medical Devices Directives, we are looking to recruit several assessor s to support our existing activities in the medical devices field. Job Responsibilities The main responsibilities will be to perform assessment against the requirements of ISO 9001, ISO13485 and the Medical Devices Directive. Job Requirements You will be able to demonstrate experience in the design; manufacture and quality management of at least one on the following product area s against the requirements of the Medical Devices Directive and associated quality system standards. General nonactive nonimplantable medical devices Nonactive dental devices and accessories General Active devices electro medical equipment and / or devices. Medical devices in sterile condition, sterile processing. A minimum of a first degree in a relevant science subject, as well as relevant postgraduate work experience of 4 years gained within the MDD industry, a clinical laboratory or medical research institution, is important. Previous assessment experience and lead assessor registration is desirable but is not essential as training will be given. You should also possess a high standard of personal presentation, excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, and a flexible attitude. This will be supplemented by the ability to exercise good judgement and make sound decisions with reasoned argument whilst under pressure. The position is homebased but will involve extensive travel, mainly throughout the UK and occasionally abroad Excellent package and opportunity. Call Rachel Adams NOW on (Apply online only) or apply online with CV Library