Title: Maintenance Engineer (Medium / Heavy)
Webindex: 68017883
Description: THE ROLE Our prestigious client, based in Sheffield are looking for a Time Served, Apprentice Trained Maintenance Engineer to work in a medium / heavy environment. ROLE SUMMARY:  Responsible for the electrical & mechanical maintenance of a variety of machine tools and heat treatment furnaces.  To contribute towards the running of a highly effective predictive and preventative maintenance system to prevent unscheduled outages.  You will be highly motivated and will require the minimum of follow up, you will possess a high degree of flexibility and a 'can do' attitude to your work as well as being detail orientated and organised.  You will be a major exponent of Health and safety practices. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:  Maintenance of machine tools, FM Forge, furnaces and plant services.  Willingness to take part in the development, creation and implementation of PPM schedules to achieve maximum machine availability.  Work with specialist service engineers.  You will be required to understand complex electrical and mechanical systems, be able to diagnose problems, perform safety & quality risk assessments and effect repairs quickly and safely.  Identify, set up and control critical spares requirements.  Utilising the Front line/Purana maintenance management system for generation of maintenance schedules, logging of work & closure of work orders. SKILLS & EXPERIENCE  A relevant vocational qualification e.g. NV,INC, NC, HND, C&G or an appropriate apprenticeship. Employees without these qualifications but who can demonstrate relevant industrial knowledge and experience will be considered.  Experience in conventional as well as CNC machine tool maintenance.  Substantial experience within an a medium to heavy industrial environment.  Ability to read and understand engineering drawings.  A good understanding of mechanical and electrical systems.  PC literate. THE HOURS You will work a day shift (Monday to Friday). THE SALARY You will earn a basic salary of **** After the successful completion of your training (approx 8 weeks) you will earn a basic salary of **** **** / annum, plus outstanding benefits