Title: Graduate Electrical Engineer  Building Services/Aviation
Webindex: 67946642
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;****billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview Carillion Service Solutions is the UK s market leader in the delivery of Facilities Management services, not only in terms of market share but also in the quality and breadth of the service delivered for public and private sector customers. Our breadth of service and geographic coverage allows customers to receive a comprehensive Facilities Management service for single prestigious properties through to national property portfolios. Central to our delivery model is taking full responsibility for customers infrastructure and property based facilities management needs. This provides our customer with a single point of accountability and allows them to focus on their own core business. Purpose of Role The Graduate Electrical Design Engineer will add value through the proactive management, planning and organising of their assigned workload to complete electrical design within buildings. This contribution will ensure the future profitability of the business. Key Objectives of the Role The Graduate electrical design engineer will be expected to complete: Hands on design of engineering projects, with supervision and guidance. Production of designs for projects according to relevant Standards/Codes under minimal supervision of others Assist with Client liaison and, if necessary, support the client in the development of project briefs under supervision of Associate. Have an aptitude to multi task and be selfstarting Understand the need to manage projects to programme and budget, under minimal supervision, Responsible for working with the rest of the team in advancing our technical capability to the highest standard. This will include identifying innovative approaches and techniques Once trained and proficient they will be expected to use relevant specialist software packages with minimal supervision Job Level Overview The Job Holder is subject to general work instructions and direct supervision of progress and results. nbsp;He/She works within standardised work practices and procedures. The Job Holder is likely to have a vocational qualification and be able to demonstrate procedural/systematic proficiency that may involve competence in the use of specialised equipment. The Job Holder s performance will have minimal direct impact on both plc and Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Accountable for the completion of standard or nonstandard tasks within own area Acts as part of a team to delivers activities which support operational objectives Manages a variety of tasks and is able to plan accordingly within the shortterm Makes decisions within parameters set by manager, using job/specialist experience Maybe subject to regular local supervision of progress against results and escalates issues when required Interacts with stakeholders around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Supervises the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility Financial Accountabilities Supports the identification of ways to reduce cost Has awareness of cost/benefit as applicable to tasks performed May work within a given budget People Accountabilities May supervise a small team typically spending more than 50% of time supervising Able to organise a small team of individuals carrying out similar tasks May assist less experienced staff Manages the delivery of a team and escalates individual performance issues Knowledge and Applied Skills For nonsupervisory roles performs skilled work requiring technical training (NVQ3 or equivalent) Up to 3 years business experience, Level 3 NVQ or Certificate Level of Qualification. Graduate entry point Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information Design within buildings and defence and aviation related establishments. Masters Degree in Electrical Engineering  minimum Merit level.