Title: Development (Characterisation) Engineer CCDs
Webindex: 69081973
Company: Encore Technical Solutions
Description: Job Description For Vacancy No: ****T Consultant: Tim Bees Company Profile: Our client is a leading manufacturer of SolidState, Free Electron Technology and Photonicsbased products, supplying key components and systems to a diverse range of markets. Job Location: Essex Job Position: Development (Characterisation) Engineer  CCDs Department: Characterisation Team Job Status: Permanent Staff Position Job Description: The High Performance Imaging business has a requirement to accelerate the development activity on new and existing CCD products. The development role requires a multidisciplinary engineer to investigate anomalies and characterise new devices and processes, delivering test results to the development and wafer fabrication teams. The role will join the Characterisation Team as part of the Development Group Desirable Experience: Developing new test systems and/or methods to investigate sensor characteristics. Have a good understanding of device physics and CCD operation. Autonomously perform technical investigations and experimental design. Good technical presentation and writing to document experimentation. Responsibilities: Characterise new and existing CCDs and processes to determine the mechanisms leading to observed device properties. Specifying and coordinating the design of test hardware, in particular for characterisation probe and camera capability. Developing test methods, verifying correct operation of test hardware and independently using equipment to perform characterisation. Analysing and presenting test results to the development and wafer fab teams. Salary/Rate: Up to c**** Fringe Benefits: Stakeholder Pension 25 days holiday Subsidised restaurant Save as you earn share scheme Corporate Gym Membership On site car parking Sports and Social Club Relocation: Assistance may be provided where appropriate Additional Info: Due to the nature of our client s work, security clearance will be required so please only apply if you are eligible. (British Passport plus 5 years recent UK residency)