Title: Senior Quality Engineer Global Aerospace Company  c **** , ****
Webindex: 69250384
Company: Huxley Associates London
Description: Huxley Associates is proud to be working exclusively with an absolute key player within the Aerospace industry. This is a truly global business who have grown in profit year on year and 2012 looks like another very exciting year again for the company. As a business they invest heavily in training, development and succession planning of their employees so this would be an excellent opportunity to leap frog your career. This is a truly exciting opportunity and would be based at the companies Derby site. As Senior Quality Engineer you be part of a successful Quality team heading up a team of Quality Engineers to improve performance and rectification of supplier/ customer issues. Interested? We are looking for some of the best Senior Quality Engineers in the industry. You will ideally come from either an Aerospace or Automotive background with good experience of problem resolution and auditing. You will need to be a strong team player and have a desire to develop your skills and experience. On offer for the role is a starting salary of circa **** which is flexible dependant on the successful candidates skills and experience. There is also a generous benefits package and on top of this you will be joining a company that are happy to invest in any training required to help you to develop to the next level. This is an urgent role with shortlisting occurring now so if you would like to be considered please apply online to Brooke Whitehead at Huxley Associates asap in order to avoid disappointment. NB This role may be suitable for, but is not limited to, the following job titles: Quality Manager, Senior Quality Engineer, Quality Engineer. This role is commutable from: Derby, Nottingham, Mansfield, Stoke on Trent, Tamworth, Burton on Trent, Loughborough, East Midlands, Staffordshire, Derbyshire, Leicestershire, BirminghamTo find out more about Huxley Associates please visit URL removed