Title: Senior Quality Engineer (Quality Manager)
Webindex: 67996638
Company: The Selection Partnership Ltd
Description: My client is a leading manufacturer of metal pressings and welded assemblies for the Automotive Industry (1st Tier). They currently wish to recruit an experienced Senior Quality Engineer who will provide focus and leadership to the Quality Department ensuring that production, quality targets and customer expectations are met. You will manage the daytoday running of the Quality Department continuously working to improve KPI deliverables, whilst implementing World Class systems to ensure activities are performed according to TS**** and ISO14001. Key Tasks:  • Primary contact for all customer concerns. • Evaluate and analyse issues relating to customer complaints. Initiate and/or recommend corrective action. • Day to day control of the department assuring quality levels are maintained and monitored. • Support product development teams in aspects of quality planning, product/design verification, process qualification, problem solving, quality techniques and tools. • Introduce quality control systems and accreditation to support Company’s’ process. • Conduct ****S audits. • Conduct system audits of the Business Operating System (BOS). • Champion Practical Problem Solving (PPS) activities. • Review internal scrap and put in place corrective action plans. • Chair weekly quality meetings and communicate to Senior Management areas of concern. • Review all quality related debit notes in a timely fashion. • Monitor and develop the supply base. • Facilitates the generation and implementation of improvement ideas; liaises Senior Management when improvement ideas cannot be implemented by the production areas. • Work closely with team members at all levels to establish and maintain quality related metrics to satisfy company statistical requirements and aid driving continuous improvement activities. • Encourage and follow up on improvement ideas of the Quality Department / Production Areas. The successful candidate will have a proven background as either a Senior Quality Engineer or Manager. Experience of metal pressings would be a distinct advantage. Detailed knolwedge of quality management systems and standards, auditing and application of engineering principles is required. Experience of internal / external TS**** auditing. Knowledge of MRP. Excellent practical application of Quality Tools such as Six Sigma, Capability Analysis, PPAP, FMEA etc. You will have a practical 'hands on' approach with good supporting qualifications.