Title: Facilities Manager  Hard and Soft Services
Webindex: 71675745
Company: OCS Group  Ltd
Description: Managing the delivery of hard and soft services as Facilities Manager for a prestigious TFM contract You'll be working within our Northern region, supporting a key customer to whom we supply a range of FM services including office, washroom and window cleaning, security personnel and other security solutions, and contract catering solutions. About the job: This is a fantastic opportunity to enhance your operational management career, at a prestigious client total facilities (TFM) contract. Your main aim will be to develop and deliver an increasing range of services, with a particular focus on Hard Services and M E, extracting the full potential out of each service line. Leading a team of FM professionals with expertise in cleaning, catering and security, you'll be responsible for the operation of the contract, effectively managing within budgetary constraints and continuously developing and improving quality and hygiene standards. An experienced manager, you'll recruit, train, develop and motivate staff, whilst applying quality control procedures to ensure the maintenance of high standards of service and compliance. About you: We are looking for a dynamic individual with a background in Hard Services and the drive and motivation to challenge both their teams and themselves in the pursuit of excellence and constant improvement. To succeed in this role you will also need: Significant experience across a range of service disciplines, with a bias toward Hard Services Proven record of full budget accountability for a complex, multiservice FM contract Leadership experience, managing a team in excess of **** employees is essential Strong knowledge of Cleaning, Catering and Security service streams Professional customer focus, including objective responses and solutions to feedback Membership of relevant professional bodies  e.g., HCMIA, HEFMA, BIFM, HCA, BICS Good IT literacy  experienced user of MSOffice Relevant skills qualifications  e.g., Food Hygiene Certificate, City Guild craft awards, 17th Edition wiring regulations, completion of IOSH or NEBOSH Managing Safely course or equivalent SIA licence desirable Good education to at least national Level 4  e.g., NVQ, BTEC or HNC. Health and safety will also be a primary responsibility for the successful candidate, who will need to demonstrate both attitudes and improvements they have brought to this crucial area. About us: The OCS Group is one of the UK's leading providers of facilities management and property support services, employing over **** people in the UK. We have been at the forefront of developing integrated Facilities Management, becoming a seamless extension of our clients' businesses by delivering best in class services. How have we achieved such success? It is through our dedicated teams of industry experts who work in partnership with our clients to deliver innovative FM solutions. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FacilitiesManagerHardandSoftServices_job****