Title: Quality Assurance Manager – UK & Ireland
Webindex: 71113377
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Our Johnson Johnson Consumer segment includes a broad range of products used in the baby care, skin care, oral care, wound care and women s health care fields, as well as nutritional and overthecounter pharmaceutical products, and wellness and prevention platforms. Marketing and selling these products globally, our Consumer business relies on a research strategy equally rooted in technology and consumer insights, in keeping with our vision: BRINGING SCIENCE TO THE ART OF HEALTHY LIVING (TM). As Quality Assurance Manager UK Ireland, your overall responsibility will be to help provide a Quality Assurance service to our UK and Ireland Consumer business units. Working to both external licensing authorities and J J quality standards and systems, you ll be involved in a range of key activities relating to standards, procedures and training. Specific responsibilities will include: supporting our UK and Ireland business units in quality management and the resolution of quality issues, including country inspection readiness maintaining and implementing local and regional Quality systems, including compliant procedures to meet business needs in conjunction with UK/ROI Regulatory Affairs, ensuring that Wholesale Dealers and Manufacturers Import Authorisations are maintained input to development projects, approval of artwork and the management of quality issues and complaints. Almost certainly with a degree in Science in a relevant discipline, you ll have a proven track record in Quality Assurance within a regulated or manufacturing industry, where you ll have developed familiarity with GxP, Medical Devices and/or ISO. Your experience of the management/control of Quality Systems will preferably be underpinned by experience of Quality Auditing and/or Training. Your attributes will include: being results and performancedriven a strong capacity for strategic thinking intellectual curiosity a robust approach to collaboration and teamwork. Additionally, you ll need to be highly credible and comfortable dealing with a wide range of stakeholders, including regulatory, supply chain, medical and marketing within a complex matrix environment. It s a superb Quality Assurance Manager role which will provide real career development experience with a global leader. Interested? Please visit N/A and apply to requisition number: ****W We respectfully request Government Officials to identify themselves as such on application; for the purpose of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. If you decide to apply for the position, any personal data which you provide shall be processed by Johnson Johnson Consumer Services Ltd, a Johnson Johnson company. Your personal data shall be processed for the purposes of recruitment, recruitment policy and selection.