Title: Mechanical Design Engineer (Component Design)
Webindex: 69691191
Company: Professional Technical Recruitment
Description: Michael Design Engineer (Component Design) Excellent salary with full company benefits Location: Staffordshire This is a fantastic opportunity to join a company who are in the process of setting up a new state of the art facility in Staffordshire. The business will be mainly supplying to the Aerospace market. The company offers a brand new working environment and lots of potential for career progression. Suitable applicants will have worked with Component Design within either the Aerospace, Automotive Industries Job Function: Full conceptual component design for the Aerospace/Automotive/Foundry markets Responsibilities: Solidworks ****D design skill and an indepth knowledge for design of new products for customers through application of skill and ability on a variety of production techniques to allow innovative easily manufacturable products. To advise on manufacture possibilities or components To run and maintain ****D software equipment with ability to backup files as necessary and to ensure the department complies with Company Health and Safety rules. Be involved in the New Product Introduction process and achieve project timescales. Liaise with customers to realise design to conform to customer demands including the completion of design techniques such as risk, tolerance and material analysis. Liaise with suppliers to ensure new/ adequate material and process suitability. Liaise with outside design houses to provide additional capacity when required (Jigs & Fixtures) Liaise with Manufacturing to ensure the design, obtain tool quotations and provide support. Attending design review meetings with customers. Requirements: Be fully conversant in Solidworks (Other ****D packages considered) Degree in Mechanical engineering preferred or equivalent Be able to conduct full conceptual component design. Component design background Creating ****D models – this will be Solid works Be comfortable with interacting with the client. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a new business that is part of a multimillion pound global organisation. The post offers a fantastic salary with accompanying benefits and a very interesting and rewarding future. Interested applicants, please forward a copy of your CV details to Beverley.reavillprofessionaltechnical.com (Agy)Professional Technical is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Professional Technical is a specialist recruitment consultancy supporting the engineering recruitment market, developing recruitment partnerships with engineering businesses on a national scale. Professional Technical supply the talent so that our clients can focus on creating and engineering that continue to push the boundaries within British manufacturing.