Title: Faculty Team Leader
Webindex: 70519452
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction To provide a high level of customer service and ownership in relation to the long term maintenance and refurbishment of a portfolio of buildings forming part of Educational estate. ****K and 30 days holiday leave a year Important Chartership The Job Long Term Maintenance including: Systematic identification of all long term maintenance needs within the post holder s portfolio of buildings. Preparation of costed and prioritised schedules of proposed long term maintenance projects (building and building services items). Timely and effective delivery of all approved long term maintenance projects (see project management below). Respond effectively to incoming long term maintenance issues arising between structured planning rounds. Effective financial management of long term maintenance funding placed in the post holder s care. Where the University is a tenant, engage with the landlord s property team in relation to long term maintenance items. Project management Effective management of all projects arising in the post holder s section with due regard to: Timeliness Health and Safety CDM, Planning and Building Regulations Environmental protection and carbon reduction Cost Quality Supervision of faculty project manager and/or appointed design consultants Appointment of external consultants and contractors Cost control and financial management of projects Project record keeping and reporting in accordance with prescribed departmental systems Customer Service Provide customers with a sense of confidence and reassurance in relation to their dealings with Estates amp; Facilities. Provide the first line of response to building occupiers in relation to property enquiries of a professional nature. Undertake or arrange initial feasibility work in relation to proposed refurbishment or redevelopment projects. Maintain an understanding of both the University and occupier s longer term aspirations for the buildings in the post holder s portfolio. Use this knowledge to support and enhance the quality of advice offered. Assist in the development of new building projects by sharing with the capital projects team knowledge of customer s accommodation needs. Act as a facilitator in relation to enquiries from client building occupiers relevant to Estates amp; Facilities but which lie outside the post holder s direct area of responsibility and expertise. General Management Manage and support those staff placed in the post holder s care. Ensure the post holder s section has suitable cover in place in during periods of leave or planned prolonged absence by team members. Proactively undertake appropriate forward resource planning in relation to anticipated workload and action accordingly. Duty manager scheme Participate in the outofhours duty manager callout rota (oncall approximately 2 weeks per year) Other Any other duties as might reasonably fall within the needs of the post. All staff are expected to be professional, cooperative and flexible. Internal amp; External Relationships: (nature amp; purpose of relationships) Excellent communication skills The ability to form strong and lasting relationships with clients, suppliers and stakeholders both internal and external to the University of Southampton. Key clients include: Building occupiers within the post holder s designated buildings Estates amp; Facilities Directorate Key stakeholders include: University Health and Safety Office Estates amp; Facilities Health and Safety Manager Building reactive maintenance team M amp;E maintenance operations group Environment Manager Insurance Office Exams, Graduation and Open Day planning teams Catering, Conferences and Hospitality teams Capital Projects Team Space planning team Cleaning section Car parking team Grounds Maintenance team Key suppliers will include: Local consultants and contractors Inhouse M amp;E engineering services team (design engineers) IT department iSolutions To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK