Title: CAD Designer with Estimating
Webindex: 65440555
Company: Interior Recruitment
Description: Our client is a commercial office fitout and refurbishment contractor. They are now seeking a CAD Designer who is also able to estimate, to join their growing team. The key tasks involve To support the Interiors Division in the production of Commercial Interior Design and Build Fit Out proposals for various sized projects. To work with the company to ensure it maintains a leading edge approach to producing accurate estimating specification documents and quotations, along with high standard AutoCAD drawings. To continually raise the standards with regards to technical specifications and detailing on all jobs to allow sale of the package and to facilitate a transfer to an internal contracting department. Design To take a project brief from either a client or Interiors Sales Person and from this, in conjunction with the Sales Person, produce solution based space plans. They would need to take into account the client’s requirements, including the work place and space requirements, Building Regulations requirements and an aesthetic appreciation of the client’s expectations. In conjunction with the Sales Person, supplier and sub contractor support network, determine performance specifications of applied products, as well as from client aesthetic expectation. AutoCAD To use AutoCAD software, to produce CAD drawings for projects, using either emailed architects plans or working from Sales Personnel site sketches. Drawings to be produced will be of building layouts and the inherent office interior designs and against set company KPI deadlines. Estimating Complete detailed and accurate costing sheets for material and subcontractor based aspects of works from plans. Communicate with sub contract network to obtain quotations from these to incorporate into proposals. Sub contractor proposals generally obtained for Electrical, HVAC, Data, Decoration and small Building works, as well as project specific specialist suppliers. The ability to analyse quotations received to ascertain best price and to collate all information to produce an accurate readable proposal against set KPI deadlines. The role is a sales support function, and suitable candidates should have experience and understanding of the commercial fitout industry and associated trades. The ideal candidate will be looking a career with our client, and the possibility to progress quickly within the company. The key individual will have proficient skills and be able to demonstrate excellence with the following software identified below: AutoCAD 2012 (including ****D, although this not essential) Microsoft Outlook Microsoft word and Excel Adobe Acrobat Goldmine (Contact management database) – Not essential This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CADDesignerwithEstimating_job****