Title: Generator Service Engineer
Webindex: 68217456
Company: Luton Bennett Limited
Description: Generator Service Engineer (technician) South London, Surrey, Kent (Bromley, Tooting, Croydon, Richmond, Twickenham etc) Up to **** base  Overtime (**** OTE)  Van  25 days holiday  Call out  Contributory Pension  Life Assurance Generator Service Engineer with either electrical or mechanical experience on generators required for a multinational power company. Ex forces applicants with generator experience are encouraged to apply as job specific training will be given. To apply for the role engineers must have a good working knowledge of generators and need to live in or commutable to London. You can be electrical or mechanical specific product training will be given. You will be based from home covering the South East. There is no stay away or UK travel. Excellent overall package on offer along with specific product training. This company has an excellent reputation in the Power Generation industry. They are constantly striving to exceed customer s expectations and always deliver a first class product and service. The company have continued to grow in recent years and have increased their market share through acquisition and organic growth. Although you will be part of a small regional team, you will enjoy the benefits of working for a large multinational including security, professional standards and ongoing training. The role: Undertake standard service activity including load bank proving, major Carry out contract maintenance and inspection on a planned basis to recommended standards. Fault finding and rectification in both Electrical and Mechanical disciplines. Installation of temporary generating plant. Identify opportunities for extra works (SQD) Remedial work to contract customers ether planned repairs or as part of a call out facility. On rota call out response. Completion and submission of relevant reports to service administration within a timely manner following all site activity. The person needed: Previous experiences within the generator standby power or related industry Experience of Electrical and Mechanical fault finding & rectification