Title: Drives Support Engineer
Webindex: 69081328
Company: ATA Recruitment
Description: Drives Support Engineer Rugby, Warwickshire **** plus benefits An experienced Drives Support Engineer is required to join an internationally recognised organisation with over 125 years experience in the field of power conversion. At the forefront of cutting edge technology and innovation, our Client has built a reputation of excellence with over **** employees around the world. This is a fantastic opportunity for a motivated Drives Engineer to join a multidisciplined team working in a thriving industry. Role Description You will be responsible for: Providing technical support and advice to a team of Project Engineers including maintenance, service, repairs, rebuilds and upgrades of Drives systems. Design solutions for problems identified with power and propulsion systems post commissioning using fault finding data. Liaise with customers, suppliers and internal stakeholders to facilitate improvements to Drives systems. Required Qualifications and Experience Degree or equivalent in electrical engineering or related subject. Experience in design and/or commissioning of high power propulsion motor drives. Extensive knowledge of high power induction motor drives and associated power networks. Prior experience of resolving issues with reliability, modification management, configuration control and obsolescence. Benefits Package Competitive salary (up to ****k), pension scheme, life assurance, private medical cover, 26 days holiday plus bank holidays and other benefits associated with working for a large multinational organisation including fantastic career progression. Employer Profile Established for 125 years, this organisation is at the forefront of innovation, applying science and systems of power conversion to help drive the electric transformation of the world s energy infrastructure. It serves specialised sectors such as energy, marine, industry and all related services. Employee development is paramount to the continued success of this business and as such you can expect to receive excellent training. PLEASE NOTE You must reside and be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position. If this is the role for you contact Charmaine Welch at ATA Energy on (Apply online only) (Apply online only)) or send your CV via email to