Title: Engineer (Rail Structures)
Webindex: 68364600
Company: Forces Recruitment Services 
Description: Job title: Engineer (Rail Structures) Location: Swindon Salary: Up to **** dep on exp  benefits Job type: Permanent A global leader in engineering and design consultancy has, in recent years, developed and expanded its work in the Rail Sector, to the extent that it is one of the leading UK consultants for the design of railway infrastructure. Current and future projects require involvement of their civil, rail infrastructure expertise to enable full life design for railway infrastructure operations resulting in the need to recruit high calibre professionals with the capability to manage and deliver the design of multidisciplinary rail projects. The Company s Infrastructure Rail team provides leading services in: Station Development and Upgrade. Mechanical Electrical Services. Signalling and Telecommunications/CCTV. Infrastructure Renewal Projects. Major Rail Development Projects Bridge Engineering Due to an ever increasing diverse workload within Infrastructure, a newly created position has arisen for an Engineer to be based in the Company s Swindon office. The successful candidates will have experience of working with a rail environment and have experience of railway station project experience. RESPONSIBILITIES The successful candidate will be accountable to an Associate Director. The main technical requirements of the role include: Providing technical input to projects Preparing technical reports Design of rail structures Report writing REQUIREMENTS It is essential that applicants: Have Chartered Engineer status or working towards with a BEng or MEng degree in an appropriate engineering discipline or equivalent. Have demonstrable experience of Railway Stations projects Have undertaken due diligence work, site supervision and liaison work for a variety of projects Have sound technical skills, be comfortable using analysis software, have a full UK Driving Licence and be able to communicate well and work as a part of a team. Interested applicants will be expected to complete and return by email a simple questionnaire to which CVs must be pasted. This role would ideally suit someone with an Armed Forces background. Applications from exmilitary candidates are strongly encouraged.