Title: Principal Stress Engineer
Webindex: 62119587
Company: Mass Consultants Ltd
Description: Principal Stress Engineer : International Defence Organisation based in Stevenage, Hertfordshire is currently looking to recruit ****x Principal Stress Engineers. Please Note: you must be able eligible for SC (Secret Level) Security Clearance. The salary on offer is ****k  ****k and comes with great benefits including, overtime, flexitime, company and individual bonus scheme, pension and company healthcare etc. Principal Stress Engineer Job Description: Accountabilities:  Carry out full range of structural analyses and investigations, including evaluation, selection of technical options, and prepare supporting reports.  Experienced in the structural analysis of composite structures  Prepare various technical documents in support of structural analysis activities.  Carry out structural analysis investigations into a full range of problems using classical calculations and analytical tools.  Produce structural testing requirements with supporting calculations.  Take a lead role for assigned structural analysis activities  Plan, control and deliver assigned project work ensuring requirements are delivered to plan.  Produce estimates and identify risks associated with structural analysis.  Participate in collaborative ventures within the same skill areas, with colleagues in France.  Act as the main point of contact with customers (internal and external), suppliers and collaborators for assigned structural analysis matters.  Provide effective support to customers for assigned structural analysis, delivering solutions to meet the customer's needs and requirements plus the programme plan.  Support the preparation of bids/statements of work for structural analysis tasks ensuring high quality of submissions.  Manage assigned budgets and lead, develop and motivate assigned staff to ensure they are aware of and capable of delivering their accountabilities  Make engineering decisions within own sphere of responsibility and delegated authority. Experience/Skills:  Degree qualified or equivalent, plus substantial relevant experience.  Sound fundamental knowledge of mechanical engineering, stress and vibration analysis  Demonstrated capability for interfacing with customers.  Highly developed communication skills: able to communicate verbally and in writing at Project level.  Experience in engineering in defence or related industry.  Welldeveloped planning and organisation skills.  Able to provide technical leadership to others.  Proven record in conducting successful technical investigations and research.  Knowledge and experience of Def. Stan. ****  Experienced in classical and Finite Element Structural Analysis and preferably has used the following tools, NASTRAN, PATRAN, MathCAD, Pro/Engineer principal stress engineer stevenage hertfordshire london essex cambridge luton harlow south east defence sc dv defense aerospace aviation missile guided weapons security clearance nastran patran mathcad pro engineer