Title: Technical Lead / Product Design
Webindex: 72442178
Company: Hays   Scotland
Description: My Livingston based client who specialises in the design and built of bespoke and innovative display products has an immediate requirement for a Technical Lead with a mechanical product design background to join them on a permanent basis. The successful candidate will join a busy and progressive engineering team, providing technical support on projects from inception through to production. During the course of this role the successful candidate will liaise with the Project Manager and engineering team whilst working on bespoke projects from first stage meetings with customers to take specifications and requirements to then providing the production team with technical advise on how best to manufacture the product and subsequently overseeing the manufacture of the product on the factory floor to completion to ensure the customers vision is made a reality with no compromise on quality. Ideally you will be a candidate with a background in mechanical engineering product design and will have a sound understanding of the full manufacturing life cycle and considerable shop floor experience involving various methods of manufacturing such as sheet metalwork and CNC milling. Duties of post: Attend client meetings and direct client designers and architects towards most successful solutions in terms of aesthetics and performance Identify previous successful technical solutions and utilise again. Provide new technical solutions in association with production team. Manage technical aspects with design team. Direct design team on best construction method and detailing. Review client drawings for suitability. Review manufacturing drawings for manufacturability. Monitor factory progress providing technical support on unusual aspects. Monitor compliance of site installation with original design. Skills / Qualifications: Degree in mechanical Engineering or equivalent Experience of designing electro mechanical equipment or machinery Interest in innovation and a desire for excellence Excellent communication skills Practical approach Conversant with software modelling packages such as Autodesk inventor, CADCAM / EdgeCAM etc This role offers a varied and interesting role as each project will be bespoke and will require innovative solutions, as well as a competitive salary package and the opportunity to work with a market leader in their field. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalLeadProductDesign_job****