Title: Engineering Supervisor  M E
Webindex: 68610565
Company: Carillion Plc
Description: The Role: The role is to assist the Estates Management Team in delivering a customer focussed cost effective and efficient Estates Service. This includes Planned Maintenance, Reactive Maintenance and other Estates Services as required in order to meet its contractual and legal obligations. Key Objectives:  Organise and Manage directly employed staff and specialist subcontractors, to ensure efficient and effective execution of planned and reactive maintenance.  Assist in the recruitment, selection and ongoing development of personnel, ensuring induction and appropriate training is delivered.  Take an active role in communications, undertaking job chats, team talks etc.  Ensure all staff work in accordance with Work Instructions, Safe Working Practices and Method Statements ensuring relevant paperwork is completed in an accurate timely manner.  Ensure reactive tasks are responded to within the requirement of the service level specification.  Ensure planned tasks are undertaken in accordance with the maintenance plan.  Manage minor improvement works.  Maintain stock control systems.  Maintain the cleanliness of plant rooms, workshops and storage areas.  Work safely, ensuring the safety and well being of yourself, colleagues, customers and visitors. The Organisation: Carillion is one of the UK's leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over ****billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion's principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management & Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion's principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group's main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon's portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer.