Title: C Net Software Developer  Hertfordshire or Worcestershire  Letchworth Garden City
Webindex: 68805454
Company: Randstad
Description: C .Net Software Developer Hertfordshire or Worcestershire Salary pound;**** Developer looking for a new job to start afresh in the new year? An exciting opportunity to lead IT development has arisen in one our leading clients based in either Hertfordshire or Worcestershire, as C .Net Software Developer you will be developing both Web and Databased C .Net applications for one of Europe s leading Charity Fundraisers. With expertise in software development the C .Net Software Developer will be responsible for the full software lifecycle, exploring functional specifications and design while taking an innovative approach to researching and recommending new development tools and technologies. Essential Skills: Expert knowledge in software design and development Expert knowledge in OOProgramming (Net Framework, C, WPF, XML), Experience in relational database design Experience with Microsoft SQL Server (TSQL, Stored Procedures), Desirable Skills: Knowledge in Web development and design (HTML, ASP.NET, jQuery,JavaScript), Basic understanding of LAN infrastructure, domain and network administration The C .Net Software Developer needs to be passionate and inspired by new technologies with creative and lateral thinking to develop new ideas. You must be an excellent communicator, enjoy problem solving and be able to prioritise a workload in a busy and pressurised environment. The client offers an exciting position with scope for development in a job that is much more than a pure IT role. Please apply now Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills amp; qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.