Title: Interim Manufacturing Manager – Blue Chip FMCG
Webindex: 69799870
Company: HPR Consultancy Ltd
Description: Interim Manufacturing Manager – Blue Chip FMCG Duration: 36 months (potential for permanent opportunities) Location: West Yorkshire Salary: **** Our impressive client employs over **** people in their manufacturing businesses across the UK. Every day, across the UK, millions of people purchase their products, their core brands are well known to everybody their business is regarded as one of the best employer’s across the UK with their focus on people people development. As a business they are committed to recruiting, training and retaining the best staff in their chosen profession. Company programmes help their employees manage their careers, train for advancement, increase their knowledge skills, and participate in lifestyle and personal development opportunities. To attract and retain the best people, they believe in creating a culture of equality, diversity and inclusion, where everyone has an equal opportunity to contribute and succeed. The Role Coach, develop and lead staff establish a culture that supports all aspects of manufacturing in a worldclass environment Plan prioritise work ensuring maximum use of resources Ensure the smooth running efficiency of machinery Control levels and accuracy of waste waste recording including Overall Equipment Effectiveness (OEE) and potential efficiency; accuracy waste recording; downtime; product weights; staff efficiency. Continuously identify ways to reduce costs improve standards efficiency in all areas, ensure Quality Management Systems procedures are followed in all areas of responsibility Responsible for achieving budgeted figures Achieve hygiene audit requirements, plan manage weekly cleaning schedules. Ensure company statutory regulations guidelines are followed. Undertake Crisis Incident Management, Accident and Near Miss investigations. Ensure standards of discipline are maintained, handling infringements in line with company discipline grievance procedures. Lead by example, demonstrating high standards of behaviour, honesty integrity  develop supports people through coaching and feedback The Person Degree educated, or equivalent Management experience gained in manufacturing, production, logistics or the Armed Forces Proven experience in a manmanagement role with demonstrated ability to problem solve, report information/findings, develop recommendations, and implement process changes, as needed Proven ability to gain strong results through a team Proficiency in communications (oral and written, interpersonal skills, analytical problem solving skills, mature decision making skills) Strong leadership skills Communication, interpersonal, and leadership skills necessary to effectively deal with all levels of the organisation as well as crossfunctional teams Proficient computer skills Experience of managing, motivating and developing large teams If you feel you are the type of person who would thrive in a dynamic environment please email your CV to nicola.wragghprtalent.com , or telephone **** **** **** speak to a member of our team for more information. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InterimManufacturingManagerBlueChipFMCG_job****