Title: Area Sales Manager  South west
Webindex: 69267628
Company: Newman Stewart Limited
Description: Area Sales Manager  South West Our client is a global provider of industrial weighing products and systems to their clients globally, they are admired for their superior products and exceptional levels of customer service, they are now seeking an Area Sales Manager to manage their south west territory. Main Duties and Responsibilities:  To focus on the **** revenue accounts manufacturing/processing plants at local levels, building strategic partnerships with the Decision Making Unit (DMU). To continually raise the profile and scope of supply , maintaining long term strategic partnerships with profitable sales revenue growth.  To use the whole spectrum of selling skills to exploit all new and existing New Goods and New Contracts sales opportunities within the territory.  To contribute to the Region s business performance by exceeding the existing Regional sales targets.  To achieve and, where possible, to exceed monthly sales targets for the territory.  Make full use of all available resources to generate leads in order to maximise business opportunities within the territory.  Canvass and prospect all customers within the territory.  To promote and sell the complete range of Industrial Standards and Systems and through customer demonstrations, site visits, tendering/quoting for new business.  To identify sales opportunities and follow up on such opportunities and other leads as provided by the infrastructure and Telesales personnel.  To maximise sales and profitability within the specific territory and to use account management and customer service skills to maintain and grow the sales.  To liaise effectively with other internal departments to ensure an exceptional level of customer service and to solve problems in an effective and timely manner.  To submit relevant reports as required by the UK Sales Director to allow visibility of all activity, sales prospects and orders within the territory, and updates and progress against agreed KPI s for the year.  Build and maintain relationships with all customers to protect and maximise sales.  Advise and upsell to new and existing customers to maximise sales and build relationships  Where appropriate, develop external networking strategies with regional third parties  To attend Company sales meetings and exhibitions as and when required.  To obtain knowledge of competitor activity within the Territory.  To assist credit control in the collection of outstanding debts due from customers within the Territory.  To accurately complete all official customer sales orders in line with the correct Company procedure.  To observe and comply with all Company policies including but not limited to Company Vehicle and Support Cost Arrangements, Duty of Confidence, Grievance Procedure, Disciplinary Procedure, Ethics Policy, IT User Policy, Health and Safety, and all policies and appendices within the Contract of Employment.  To comply with the Company s Expense Policy and submit expenses on a regular basis to the UK Sales Director for approval.  Any other duties deemed appropriate within the scope of the role and in line with skills and experience. Ideally you come from a capital equipment sales background, and can demonstrate where and how you have won new business and developed exisiting accounts.This is an excellent opportunity with an excellent business where you will be challenged all applications should be made to john.tilbrooknewmanstewart.co.uk highlighting your current salary and package.