Title: Contract Mechanical Project Engineer
Webindex: 66508941
Company: Perpetual Engineering
Description: Contract Mechanical Project Engineer Overview Working for a rapidly growing group within the pumps and valves market 6 month contract Up to **** per hour depending on experience We are currently looking to recruit an experienced contract Mechanical project engineer to additional projects within a busy team environment. The role will be working on various small projects and involve the use of Autodesk Inventor. The candidate Successful candidates will have a background in mechanical design with excellent experience using Inventor packages. It is also essential that candidates understand the full project life cycle and have experience with documentation and communicating with customers and suppliers. Being a highly regulated industry the role requires excellent attention to detail and someone who can work with minimal supervision. The Role This roles itself will be involve working on a series of small projects bringing them through from the initial customer requirement through to completion. This will require communicating effectively with clients and suppliers throughout the process. There will also be a large element of documentation and design work involved in the role. We operate a **** refer a friend scheme so if you aren t interested then recommend a friend and earn yourself **** Please enquire for further details. Nb. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK to apply for this position. Perpetual Engineering Partnerships is part of the Cygnet Group of companies based in Northwich and specialise in providing the best quality contract and permanent engineers to the white collar market. We offer a truly unique approach to other recruitment companies by providing an internal engineering perspective and assessment which is unrivalled in the market. We are looking to add value for both clients and candidates alike with a pioneering mix of both recruitment and engineering methods. If this is a concept you are interested in regardless of your relevance to the position advertised then please send your cv to or visit our website at or call the Perpetual office on (Apply online only)