Title: Hardware Design Engineer (Analogue / Digital EMC)
Webindex: 71904162
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: Are you interested in a great opportunity to with one of the world s leading aerospace and defence groups working on air and land systems? This organisation is looking for multiple hardware design engineers across all levels to join their growing and innovative technology centre. The role offers great career progression and the possibility of starting up new teams. The Role The successful Hardware Design Engineers will be responsible for the design and support of security related electronic products. The key reason for this role is growth and in that you ll be required to create and design hardware for safety critical systems in the aerospace or defence sector. You You ll work within a small multidisciplined team to deliver successful hardware and EMC related projects on time and to a high standard to meet statutory safety requirements. You ll be responsible for producing design specifications and descriptions plus test procedure for all your projects. Technical Skills: Analogue/Digital Schematic Capture PCB Design Layout DCDC Converters EMC Design Compliance The role of Hardware Design Engineer offers a great deal of diversity working for a fast growing business in the aerospace and defence sector. As the business develops, there will be opportunities for career progression as this organisation doesn t like to pigeonhole people and encourages movement within the business. If you are interested in the position, looking to further develop you career in hardware design, please forward your CV or call Jack on **** **** **** Interviews will be taking place over the next three weeks If this hardware design engineer role isn t of interest to yourself, but you know of someone who could be, JAM operates a referral scheme. You can earn yourself **** in vouchers for the successful placement of a candidate you give us. JAM is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position View our latest jobs today at URL removed and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position.