Title: Installation Commissioning Engineer
Webindex: 71904440
Company: Advanced Resource Managers Limited
Description: Installation Commissioning Engineer  ****  ****k per annum  Benefits (Large Drives Overseas Team) Responsibilities: You will offer support externally both on and off shore for all large drive products. Including installation commissioning works, on site repairs, inspections, trouble shooting and making recommendations to external customers as well as Internal colleagues. Tasks: Commissioning, fault finding to component level and servicing the range of products manufactured and supplied by the company and our associated companies. Work under own initiative with minimal supervision and provide our customers with the highest levels of service possible. Understand the needs of our customers and markets. Build a relationship partnerships with our external customers as well as our Internal colleagues. Continuously seek to add value to the services provided. Always aim to achieve first time fixessolutions leading to reduced breakdown times and lower costs to the customer. Take full responsibility for Environmental, H S when on site and ensure control measures are in place in the field. This will include completion of relevant risk assessments, method statements and undertake all relevant legislative training requirements. Ensure the service levels and growth expectations of the One IA DT Service Support and Training Business are met and exceeded. Coordinate service activities on customer site, to ensure compliance with rules/requirements. Technically demonstrate and explain issues and solutions with customers and end users. Qualifications: Applicants must be qualified to HNC, HND or Degree level in Electrical Electronic Engineering or Mechatronics. Prospective candidates should be conversant in both analogue and digital electronics. Exposure to an industrial or manufacturing environment is desirable but consideration will also be given to recently qualified graduates. Preference will be given to candidates having worked in a service role in the marine or offshore industry, particularly with drives or power electronics. The role will predominantly be based overseas and the ideal candidate will need to be able and happy to work abroad most of the time. Please be advised that to be considered candidates must be willing to relocate to within reasonable distance (60 m and / or **** hour) of the following major UK airports: Manchester; Birmingham; LHR or LGW. Candidates with easy access other UK airports (Glasgow) MAY be considered dependent upon suitability This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. Our industry coverage includes, but is not limited to: Infrastructure and Built Environment, IT (including Security, Communications, SaaS, ERP, IT Sales, and more) Oil and Gas, Defence, Engineering and Technology, Technical Sales, Energy, Space, Telecommunications, Manufacturing and much, much more. We will never send your CV without your permission.