Title: Engineering Manager (Food)
Webindex: 61346896
Company: i4 Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Engineering Manager Location: Crawley Salary: ******** Engineering Manager JOB CONTEXT AND CONTENT: Define and specify maintenance methods and frequency. To direct, manage and control directly employed labour force and contractors/tradesmen carrying out scheduled maintenance and provide a comprehensive breakdown service. Refrigeration  Cold stores, airconditioning, chilled water freezers and online chilling. Mechanical Engineering  All mechanical equipment, heating, ventilation, gas boiler. Fire prevention equipment, refuse equipment, trucks, electrical, mechanical, hand plumbing and water recirculating systems. Production equipment, including kitchen equipment, production machines, pasteurisers, dryers, chillers, weighers, packaging machines, labelling machines. Inspection of Statutory Equipment. To maintain and keep records, and amend, as required, records and inspections of all boilers, forklift trucks, hoists, pressure vessels etc., fire alarms and extinguishers, and security. Buildings  Internal and external building fabric, landscaping and maintenance. To develop and implement appropriate systems to comply with relevant Health as agreed in the annual Equipment repairs budget as agreed in the annual budget Energy budget as agreed in the annual budget Building Maintenance budget as agreed in annual budget. Extended day and weekend working. PURPOSE OF THE JOB: To organise, manage and control the site engineering function to provide a professional, efficient and cost effective service in the following key areas: Planned maintenance procedures concerning mechanical and electrical disciplines. Rapid breakdown recovery. Site service and building maintenance, including energy cost control. Capital project initiation and control. Cost effective revenue and labour utilisation. To actively participate in developing H & S practices and procedures across the site as a member of the Health & Safety steering committee team