Title: Senior / Principal engineer  Rail
Webindex: 71709914
Company: CDI AndersElite Limited
Description: Senior / Principal engineer  Rail This large, world renowned multidisciplinary consultancy work on some of the largest and most high profile projects in the World and are looking for a civil, structural or mechanical engineer to join their engineering transportation team. Examples of the type of projects they work on include Crossrail and Taiwan High speed rail insuring a varied and hugely interesting project portfolio that will keep you interested for a life time. They can also offer a real opportunity to progress into either in your technical specialism or project management, a vibrant and supportive working environment, an excellent salary and a long list of benefits. As a chartered or near chartered Civil (MICE), Structural (MIStructE) or Mechanical engineer you will have solid experience working on light, metro or heavy railway infrastructure projects. Depending on your experience you will be expected to lead / assist leading a project team carrying out commercial, managerial and technical aspects of projects in the UK, Europe and Middle East. Other duties include.   Prepare fee proposal and agree with Director for submission to client, including resources and programme.   Act as Project Manager as necessary.   Develop detailed methodologies, delegating preparation of tasks as appropriate.   Undertake Health Safety duties including ensuring a safe and healthy working environment for the project team members and fulfilling all responsibilities for health and safety in design.   Assess staff requirements at each stage of the project.   Identify data and information required for project and appoint appropriate subconsultants.   Manage the preparation of client reports, bringing together the contributions from other specialist areas of the business.   Deliver projects within timescale, budget constraints and quality expectations.   Determine the need for and attend project progress meetings.   Manage the tender process for the appointment of contractors.   Respond to design queries during construction phase and attend site meetings.   Communicate project s critical issues in a timely manner to Directors and clients This is a rare opportunity to further your career in either project management or within your technical specialism. Apply now to be considered.