Title: Product Account Manager Greater Manchester Software Development
Webindex: 69008328
Company: Kendall Poole Consulting Limited
Description: Product Account Manager Greater Manchester Software Development ****  Car  Bonus  Healthcare The Role: The Product Account Manager will be responsible for developing and promoting the companies Software products and services within the UK, and strengthening existing client relationships. They will be required to: Grow sales in line with the company s strategic direction, leveraging existing sales channels and growing existing accounts. Provide product knowledge and support to both internal and external customers. Review existing product lines against customer and market requirements to identify future product improvements. Manage Software products during the complete product life cycle (idea generation, testing, market rollout, relaunches and product withdrawal). Manage product profitability, through target pricing structures incorporating development and cost and company margin. Attend customer sites to perform product demonstrations, and attend exhibitions and network events. Monitor competitor strategy, plans, prices and products and produce market analysis identify increased or new business. The Candidate: The successful candidate will be qualified to HND or equivalent within a Software Engineering related subject. They will have experience of the full Software Development cycle ideally within Oracle and .NET. They will have worked in a customer facing commercially focused role and will have produced technical marketing information and business proposals. They will have a good understanding of project management processes and ideally be well versed in MS Project. They must be prepared to travel within the UK. The company: Kendall Poole Consulting is proud to represent this international worldwide leader in their search for a Product Account Manager. The role will be based in their prestigious offices near to Manchester Airport. Our Client is a highly skilled and successful organisation who design, develop and deliver complete endtoend client solutions based on their needs and ongoing support requirements