Title: Engineering Quality Manager (Aviation / EASA **** Part M)
Webindex: 69835943
Company: EasyWebRecruitment.com
Description: Engineering Quality Manager (Aviation / EASA **** that all contracted maintenance is carried out in accordance with the contract; the continued compliance with the requirements of Subpart G. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) To provide overall leadership of Engineering Quality activities. b) Coordinating all Airline Engineering Quality Assurance activity. c) Reporting to HoCSSE and MD results of QA activity. d) Planning QA audit schedule which is acceptable to the CAA. e) Preparation, amendment and control of the Company Engineering Quality Manual. f) Establishing an independent quality system to monitor compliance with CAA / EASA requirements. g) Assessing external specialist services and subcontractors required to be used by the company in the performance of aircraft maintenance. h) Assessing suppliers of new and used components, and materials, for satisfactory product quality in relation to the needs of the company. i) Health and Safety Compliance for the company. j) Implementing a quality audit programme in which compliance with maintenance procedures is reviewed at regular intervals. k) Control and administration of the approval system for approved signatories e.g. ARC, AMP Variations etc. l) Ensuring that the Quality monitoring staffs remains independent of the maintenance process. m) To undertake any other reasonable and adhoc duties as and when required, as defined by the Head of CSSE. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) A sound, indepth knowledge of the various aspects of aircraft maintenance and engineering support. b) A detailed knowledge of EASA **** & Part M plus supporting information, Technical Guidance Leaflets (TGL), Acceptable Means of Compliance and Interpretive / Explanatory Material (AMC & IEM). c) Acceptable qualifications to conduct Part M Audits and detailed understanding of techniques and principles to manage the company Part M audit programme. d) Previous Engineering Quality/Regulatory experience. e) Acceptable to the CAA as an EASA Form **** holder. f) Able to strongly promote an open, generative safety culture. g) Experience of, and able to professionally and effectively challenge, current practise at all levels within the business. h) Results driven selfstarter. i) Determination and stamina to resolve complex issues with suppliers. j) Confident with strong communication, negotiation and People Management skills, with an ability to manage staff, customers and suppliers, often in difficult circumstances. k) Confident decisionmaker with the ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines. l) Flexibility with regards to working hours and responsibilities. m) Strong influencing skills. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Relevant management experience. You may have experience of the following: Engineering Quality Manager, Airworthiness Inspector, Aircraft Surveyor, Quality Assurance, Airworthiness Engineer, CCA, Civil Aviation Authority, Aircraft Maintenance Manager, European Aviation Safety Agency etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK?s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.