Title: Lead Development Engineer
Webindex: 68364131
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: Are you a Development Engineer looking for a new challenge? Do you have an automotive background? Do you have seating experience? If so, read on as this could be the ideal role for you The client I am representing is an industry leading automotive 1st tier supplier and due to a sustained period of growth, has the requirement for a Development Engineer to be the owner of technical design, conformity of package and compliance to customer industry specifications. The responsibilities of the role are; Manages and approves the technical design and conformity to package and customer specifications. Manages project engineer, CAD design team and coordination of offshore design facilities to achieve drawing release timing. Customer liaison and reporting of project technical issues and potential resolutions. Owns the relevant DFMEA, facilitates the review, scoring and corrective action. Owns the system BOM. First quality check of the ECN RFQ content for clarity and accuracy. Assists with the reporting of project metrics. Automatic substitute for Engineering manager if unavailable. Owns the relevant system open issues list, ensuring closure profile meets programme need. Identifies and assists in the resolution of resource issues . Owns all relevant supplier status meetings / reporting and subsequent achievement of deliverables. Assists project manager to achieve target BOM, materials and tooling targets. Owns and approves the relevant system validation plan. Checking of all data prior to release (to customer / supplier or other interested parties). To be seen as the relevant system expert with all relevant detail at the finger tips. Attends all RFQ meetings to present new RFQ s, assist in the audit and progression where necessary. The requirements for the role are; Detailed seating (seat structures and seat complete) engineering knowledge Microsoft Project DFMEA Automotive Seating experience Problem Solving skills Appreciation of CAE techniques and Process ( ie, NX , FEA etc) VE/VA techniques (cost pareto etc) To apply for the role, please submit an up to date copy of your CV in response to this advert or for more information, call Liam Fairey on **** **** **** JAM Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. View our latest jobs today at URL removed and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position.