Title: Senior Mechanical Development Engineer
Webindex: 68254866
Description: Skills: 'mechanical development' or 'mechanical engineer' Description: SENIOR MECHANICAL DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER PERM My Client is a world leader in the design and manufacture of minimally invasive electro surgical systems for use by surgeons. We are seeking a talented senior engineer to join and help drive a team developing new and existing company products that are both 'fit for purpose' and 'fit for manufacture' helping to sustain overall company profitability and growth. ESSENTIAL SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES: An experienced senior design/development engineer is required to lead the design and development of technically innovative mechanical designs from concept to production release. The role involves the development of electro surgical instruments for use in the treatment of various medical conditions. The successful results oriented candidate will have a strong background in mechanical engineering with ideally knowledge and experience in most of the following areas: Leading mechanical and electromechanical design and development of medical devices, small intricate mechanisms or high technology products and their sub systems. Coordinating and mentoring the activities of project team members and supporting functions. Maintaining project output to agreed costs and timescales. Driving design development analyses (risk, failure mode, tolerance) and other project tasks. Technical and commercial communication with senior management, external suppliers and consultants. Regulated work environment. Skills: Agile analytical creative thinker, 'forensic' problem solver and solution provider. Time management and organisational skills with the ability to efficiently multi task. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Computer literate to include MS Office suite. Behavioural Competencies: Works with integrity, customer focus, accountability and teamwork. Dedicated, diligent and takes ownership and initiative. EDUCATION As a minimum the candidate will have a mechanical engineering degree or a degree relevant to the post, with 6 years postgraduation experience ideally in medical device or small intricate mechanism or highly regulated product design and development.