Title: Food Product Technologist
Webindex: 68704371
Company: Resourcing Partnership  Ltd
Description: The Company An independent organisation with an international reputation for work with companies in the food and drink industry.Clients range from major bluechip multinational companies to small and focused businesses, their aim is to provide independent advice and services to ensure product safety, improve product quality and to stimulate product, packaging and process innovation. The Role The purpose of the role is to support the NPD offering by providing a scientifically driven NPD support to the client companies. This is across many product classes and types and involve some interaction with food packaging developments. Part of the role also requires the use of the pilot plant to preparesamples for further scientific analysis. The job is broad ranging involving longer term research, shorter term consultancy projects and input to the training activities of the company. The role involves work in the development kitchen and pilot plant and when necessary,trials at client production sites.  Planning and execution of scientific and technical work (80%)  Preparing project and client reports to agreed standards and level of detail (10%)  Providing support to and present on external/internal training courses(5%)  Responding to direct technical enquiries from the client base (5%)  A degree in Food Technology, Food Science, Food Nutritionor equivalent.  An understanding of the materials and their use within the food packaging environment.  A demonstrable understanding of NPD at a practical level.  Some technical knowledge of relevant food industry sectors  Industrial experience within an appropriate environment would be an advantage.  Good verbal and written communication skills  Effective time management skills related to project management  Full UK/EU Driving Licence  Computer literate  MS Office and related products  The successful candidate will have had exposure to the food manufacturing industry and an appreciation/experience of NPD.  An ability to respond flexibly to the demands of clients (internal and external) and colleagues is essential as evidenced by a proven track record in idea generation and exploitation. South West of England **** **** dependant on experience Due to the high amount of interest that we receive for each of our roles unfortunately we cannot respond to each application individually, therefore if you do not hear back from us within 10 days you have not been shortlisted for this role. Please continue to check our website for any other roles which may be of interest We offer a **** referral if you introduce someone we place – see our website for details This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FoodProductTechnologist_job****