Title: Quality Assusrance Technical Manager
Webindex: 68545986
Company: New Century Recruitment
Description: Quality Assurance Technical Manager Peterborough  Up to ****  relocation package Main Scope of Role:  Ensure that all aspects of Food Safety Quality are compliantly managed across Commercial Supply Chain Operations.  Ensure that Product Quality is maintained to the highest standard across the Value Chain and that it is relevant to the requirements of our customers.  Simplify and standardise our Quality Management System (QMS) to focus on delivering customer value and reducing waste.  Develop and manage the customer offering for CSR requirements including ethical and sustainability standards.  Champion Food Safety Quality across with our client in order to deliver the improvements required to sustain and enhance our clients market reputation for Product Integrity and Sustainability. Key Result Areas:  Drive standardisation, improvement and controls into Product Quality and Food Safety across Commercial Supply Chain Operations.  Lead all Food Safety Quality investigations across Commercial Supply Chain Operations (PETS, IMTS, Complaints) in order to identify root cause, solution design and implementation.  Lead all Food Quality Safety aspects of Fabric and Customer Perception Capital Operational Projects across Commercial Supply Chain Operations (GMP Programme)  Lead all Food Safety Quality compliance requirements in line with all legislative, regulatory and market requirements  BRC  Chair the Food Safety forum in order to drive focussed interventions  physical, process people that deliver sustainable improvement across Commercial and Supply Chain Operations.  Champion and lead the development of ****S / GMP improvements across Commercial and Supply Chain Operations.  Lead QMS Governance across Commercial and Supply Chain Operations (BMS): o Develop the Corporate Standards, Operating Manual and Standard Operating Procedures for Commercial and Supply Chain Operations. o Maintain the Operating Manual and Corporate Standards in line with all legislative, regulatory, organisational market / customer changes. o Monitor performance of site operations vs target and ensure management 3rd party Suppliers.  Own and maintain the HACCP process across Finished Products Operations.  Own and maintain ethical and sustainability standards in order to effectively manage customer expectations and value.  Develop implement Food Quality Safety training and coaching programmes in line with Commercial and Supply Chain Strategy.  Provide expert knowledge, support and coaching to Commercial and Supply Chain Organisation on Food Quality Safety regulations, compliance and customer / market improvement opportunities.  Champion Food Quality Safety to drive behaviours, best practice and excellence across Commercial and Supply Chain Operations Knowledge, Skills Experience Required:  Advanced Food Hygiene  Advanced HACCP  ****S Champion level  Educatedto Degree Level  Extensive demonstrable experience working in manufacturing (especially packaging)  Experience of BRC, Lloyds audit systems.  Expert knowledge of HACCP techniques and food safety standards is required as well as a good understanding of Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) and **** s theories in a fast moving consumer goods environment.  Effective communication ability across all levels of the business and between all functions  Ability to work proactively with minimal direct guidance  Ability to think strategically, develop the vision and secure acceptance for it operationally  Ability to grow cross functional relationships and to influence outside of immediate sphere of control  Highly developed analytical skills that translate to delivery  Effective Project Planning Project Management Skills  Expert practical knowledge of Lean Tools Techniques (application)  Expert Root Cause Problem Solving skills that track to operational and process improvement  Ability to grow cross functional relationships and to influence outside of immediate sphere of control