Title: Maintenance engineer 2530M4CH
Webindex: 72444424
Company: Pioneer Selection
Description: Overview: A leading food manufacturer is currently seeking an additional maintenance engineer to join their recently expanded site in the Essex area. This is an excellent opportunity to join a business that is growing massively year on year and with which you could forge a very successful career with. The Company: They have been around for over a century and manufacture their leading brand of products across two sites in the UK. They have expanded in recent months subsequently doubling production at their flagship site and will be shortly acquiring additional premises to cope with demand. Their turnover is high in the millions and is set to increase this year with promising figures forecasted. This is a chance to work for a growing business where roles will arise for the right individual to progress either technically or into a managerial position. The Role of a Maintenance Engineer: As a maintenance engineer you would be joining a highly skilled team where you would be responsible for conducting the planned and reactive maintenance. You would be working on fully automated lines with the machinery ranging from processing to food packaging machinery. Due to the expansion within the business there will also be numerous opportunities to get involved with various project works as new lines are added in and modified. Key Skills: The ideal applicant would have worked within a similar manufacturing industry however other backgrounds will be strongly considered. You would be electrically biased with strong mechanical skills and be confident in your diagnostic skills. Any exposure to PLC’s would be advantageous and you would need to have a recognised electrical qualification. Benefits: Pension  Bonus  Overtime Salary :**** Commutable from: Basildon, Essex, Ipswich, Suffolk, East London, Dartford, Kent Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a: Maintenance Technician, Maintenance Craft Person, Shift Engineer If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Alternatively for further details contact Clare Hartley on;  **** or Email: cvpioneerselection.co.uk Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Maintenanceengineer2530M4CH_job****