Title: Electrical Controls Engineer ****LM1BG
Webindex: 72444384
Company: Pioneer Selection
Description: Overview: One of the largest groups of food manufacturers in the world are currently looking for an Electrical Controls Engineer, at their Flagship location. Offering an unrivaled basic salary for this area and a rewarding and stable career with room for progression, this is an excellent time to join a leading organisation. The Company: Established for well over 50 years, our client is now part of one of the largest food manufacturing group of companies in the world. They have over 15 sites across the UK, and provide a number of household names to all major supermarkets. After recently winning a large new contract, they are now investing heavily into new machinery at their most profitable site and as a result are recruiting for an Electrical Controls Engineer The Role of an Electrical Controls Engineer Working on a normal day’s pattern, this is a senior role within the factory, reporting directly into the Site Engineering Manager. The Controls Engineer ensures that the site has reliable systems that support an efficient and low cost production facility ensuring that all Engineering work is carried out safely to high Engineering, Quality, Safety and Hygienic Standards. You will be the site Electrical Duty Holder and the technical expert on all matters relating to electrical standards and control systems, providing advice and guidance as well as hands on technical assistance as required. You will be heavily involved in driving change and lead continuous improvement projects as part of the Engineering Management Team. Key Skills: The successful Electrical Controls Engineer will be the senior electrical engineer on site, so will Ideally be educated to degree standard or equivalent in electrical engineering. Combined with this you would have a very high technical capability with all electrical and control systems, including significant experience of programming PLC’s and knowledge of SCADA Systems. You will also ideally have experience in a comparable process industry to food, and must be a strong communicator with the ability to influence at all levels. Benefits: Overtime, Pension, Healthcare, 25 Days Holiday Salary: **** **** Commutable from: Cheshunt, Hertfordshire, Harrow, Middlesex, Romford, Essex, Islington, London, Dartford, Kent, Croydon, Surrey, Lewisham, London Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a: MultiSkilled Engineer, Maintenance Technician, or Shift Engineer If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Alternatively for further details contact Beau Giambrone on;  **** or Email: cvpioneerselection.co.uk Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectricalControlsEngineer****LM1BG_job****