Title: Commodity Lead  Electrical/Electronics
Webindex: 69592622
Company: Procurement People
Description: Commodity Lead – Electrical/Electronics Leicestershire ****  **** plus benefits As Commodity Lead, you will be responsible for developing new supply chain functions within a company producing both high and low volume manufactured electrical products. You will support new product development, ensuring that supply chain construct meets the technical demands at minimum cost and project risk. The role will also be expected to provide critical inputs to the development of business and customer strategies and must ensure that Commodity Strategies adapt and influence as the product and technology mature in the market. The Role Develop and implement specific procurement strategies for each project and spend category. Negotiate lowest total cost for parts and subassemblies. Work closely with Manufacturing Engineering and Design to ensure optimum product development, incorporating low risk and cost solutions from the supply chain. A solid legal understanding of contracts is required, as well as the ability to develop and construct a range of supplier contract and service level agreements. Ensure that warranty terms are flowed through the supply chain and that company processes are capable of redeeming the full value should that be required. Manage suppliers’ performance. You will Be educated to Degree level in a related field, with a strong understanding of electro/mechanical engineering.  At least associate membership of CIPS with commitment to becoming MCIPS.  Strong Engineering appreciation, with appropriate qualification.  Have experience of Procurement in an Engineering, Project and Commodity environment, and experience of medium / high volume manufacture, in consumer/electronics sectors.  Have experience of contracting with Global suppliers.  Have strong negation and communication skills across all levels of business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommodityLeadElectricalElectronics_job****