Title: Entertainment Sales Marketing Assistant (Film Game Packages)
Webindex: 67290488
Company: Auctus Outsource
Description: Entertainment Sales Marketing Assistant (Film Game Packages) Coventry, West Midlands Auctus Outsource in Coventry is looking for **** people with a passion for marketing, sales or customer service and a desire to achieve success Immediate starts are welcome because we need to grow quickly in order to keep up with client demand for our outsourced sales service. We re now working with the UK s leading film game subscription service providers; helping them acquire new customers throughout the West Midlands. Are you at least **** years old able to commute to Coventry? Are you looking for a place to put your marketing/ sales/ customer service skills to use? If you are, then here s what we re looking for Our newest client is the leading European film subscription service with over 2 million members and counting. These members can choose from a selection of over **** titles available across Bluray, DVDs, video games and instant streaming, available on over **** Internetenabled devices. Working together, we ll help them achieve their goals they ll help us achieve ours, so it s a winwin We re looking to increase representation for them in the West Midlands area so they can gain more market share. We provide new customers for them on a daily basis by meeting with people facetoface where they live. This allows us to explain their options clearly, answer questions and complete necessary contracts in a comfortable environment. In 20**** we ll be expanding into new markets in the UK and Europe, so over the next 6 months we ll be developing people to lead and manage campaigns in Coventry, Sweden and elsewhere. We have a structured Business Development Programme in place for people that produce results and have an interest in growing in our industry Sales Marketing Assistant Requirements:  You need to be over 18 (in order to signup new customers) and eligible to work in the UK (local residents are preferred, but we will also consider those looking to relocate to Birmingham)  You ll need above average sales or customer service skills and to enjoy working with customers  The more you put in, the more you get out, so full time availability is recommended  An interest in Films Games is helpful, but not required since product training is offered  Knowing how to use an iPad is also helpful, but can be taught  A strong work ethic and desire to succeed are recommended because earnings growth are both performancebased  Smart dress and a professional attitude are encouraged because we meet with customers facetoface  You must be able to work independently and within a team environment  For Immediate Consideration, send your CV through the online application process  We have multiple openings to fill in early 2013, and we offer daily producttraining workshops because each individual s success contributes to our company s success and the growth of our industry. We may invite you to spend a full, unearned observational day with an experienced Sales Marketing Assistant in the field so you gain a better understanding of what s involved. Those that are selected to represent clients will also spend their first few days in the field alongside someone else learning the ropes. Please send your CV to Nathalie through the online application process. We aim to contact successful applicants within 13 working days via email or phone (so please be sure to include your current contact details).