Title: Trainee Sales EngineerLighting Products
Webindex: 68574033
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Trainee Sales EngineerLighting ProductsURGENTLY REQUIRED Field/home based covering a UK based patch, with an initial 1218 months based in Manchester Are you EITHER a salesperson with experience of B2B face to face sales, looking to develop into professional technical sales, OR a recent graduate in a technical/engineering position looking for a career in sales OR a time served candidate from an electrical trade background looking to move into sales? If so, my successful client in the lighting industry is looking to appoint and train a new Sales Engineer to join their existing sales team of **** staff, and have a recruitment assessment day on Thursday 31st January 2013 between 12.45pm5pm, at their head office in Manchester. The roles will be home/field based, then covering a regional patch in the UK. Although the client will try and fit in with your geographical preference, you MUST be flexible as to where this patch will be based. However for the first 1218 months you will be on a training program based at the clients head office in Manchester. During this period all accommodation costs will be paid for and you will complete a fully funded lighting industry federation course. Therefore in return for the training given, and costs covered, candidates must be willing to be in Manchester for 1218 months. Therefore position itself will entail: 1218 months training in Manchester After completion, a fully autonomous field based position, meeting with potential clients and selling the companies technical and often bespoke products. To apply you should be: From a sales or technical/engineering background looking to progress into a technical field based sales position. Preference will be given to candidates with experience in the lighting sector but this is not essential. You MUST be available on Thursday 31st January 2013 between 12.45pm5pm in Manchester (the client will assist with interview expenses if applicable). Please don't not apply if you can't make this date, location and time. You MUST be flexible about where your patch will be based after this initial training. The starting salary during the initial training program is