Title: Module Owner  Automatic Driveline POW****
Webindex: 68544613
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction To define a component concept from test data, translate it into a design, then take the project through development into production. Important Driveline The Job To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Key Responsibilities and Tasks: ?? Quality: Use AML engineering quality systems (FMEAs, Robustness Studies etc.) to identify and contain potential quality concerns. ?? Cost: Support Driveline Manager in definition of programme cost targets and work with suppliers to deliver system that achieves these targets. ?? Weight: Support Driveline Manager in definition of programme weight targets and manage CAD engineers to design system that achieves targets. ?? Function: Generate robust System Design Specification to define system functional targets and deliver components to meet targets. ?? Package: Manage CAD engineers to achieve static and dynamic clearance targets, negotiate component change in other areas of AML Product Development if required to achieve clearances. ?? Support the Test and Development team with DVP planning and execution and ensure supplier tests are completed on time. ?? Deliver the commodity programme to meet AMPCS Gateway objectives. ?? Define and manage a commodity plan for each programme including design and manufacturing leadtimes as well as key AMPCS deliverables timing. ?? Complete change tracking documents, Engineering Release Notices and releases to allow engineering changes to be approved by the AML organisations. ?? Resolve engineering eCMS concerns in a timely fashion. ?? Present programme status to Gateways, support Powertrain design reviews, AML Package Meetings and Powertrain PMT meetings. ?? Lead FMEAs and input to manufacturing PFMEAs. ?? Track spend on tooling, engineering and parts for the system and predict the spend to the end of the project to ensure that it can be completed within the available budget. ?? Creatively design systems to overcome any potential clashes. ?? Ability to negotiate trade off with other functions and gather information on total cost of change. Present solution to AML PMT Package Meeting amp; raise CTD to authorise changes not in programme content. Qualifications and Experience: ?? Educated to Degree level or equivalent relevant experience. The successful candidate will have some experience of delivering a commodity to production, as well as the ability to demonstrate a robust engineering approach. ?? Supervision of CAD engineers to deliver designs. ?? Office based with engineering support for prototype vehicle workshop and production line as required. ?? Will be required to make visits to suppliers facilities / testing locations. ?? Candidate should be able to prioritise multiple tasks on a day to day level, must be flexible and able to communicate at all levels