Title: Embedded Systems Developer
Webindex: 68673730
Company: Alliance Consulting
Description: Embedded Systems Developer Milton Keynes **** to **** plus benefits Embedded Systems Developer We are a rapidly expanding UK company established for more than 20 years and our innovative technology has enabled us to become an award winning company with various accolades to our name. Due to expansion we are now looking for an Embedded Systems Developer who can demonstrate experience of: Analogue and Digital Electronics Design with emphasis on Microcontrollers Embedded Software experience in C and Assembly Language CANbus Experience Schematic design Prototyping Producing documentation such as specifications, assembly instructions, test instructions and user guides Production support PCB Layout Experience EMC/LVD design requirements and approval processes experience Minimum of degree in Electronic Engineering or equivalent. Minimum of 2 years work experience in a relevant area. Candidates would benefit from having the following skills/experience however these are not essential: RFID or RF design experience Familiarity with EasyPC PCB design software Experience with Microchip Microcontrollers Key Responsibilities Support and develop existing and new products Participate in the development and implementation of new product design from the initial development stage through handover of manufacturing. This part of the role will be especially interesting as you will be able to see the development of the product evolve and your input will significantly influence the way in which our products develop in the future. Provide support and documentation for developments that you have been involved with such as Schematics, BOM's, build procedures, test procedures and end user guides. Provide high level product technical support where required. This may include liaison with suppliers, internal departments and end customers. The role requires the candidate to be self motivated, enthusiastic, willing to learn and trustworthy. The Benefits This is an excellent opportunity for anyone looking to join a growing world class company where their input and involvement matters. We develop and manufacture a unique range of products and offer opportunities for further career development. There will be full support given to you and ongoing training given as appropriate. You will be continually challenged as the business develops new technologies. The company offer excellent benefits including private health cover, life assurance and pension schemes after 6 months. When applying for this role, please indicate your current salary (plus benefits package), minimum salary required, notice period and your reasons for wishing to move from your current company. Alliance Consulting is acting as an employment agency in this respect. Alliance Consulting specialise in the placement of engineers throughout the UK. By sending us your CV you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your personal data on a computer database and/or in manual files for the purpose of evaluating your application for employment. This processing will be carried out in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act **** By applying for this role you hereby consent to us submitting your CV to our client. If you do not wish your CV to be sent to our client then you must clearly state this to us. Equally, if there are any companies that you do not wish your CV to be sent to (for whatever reason), then please let us know of this when you apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EmbeddedSystemsDeveloper_job****