Title: Field Sales Engineer (Commercial Installations)  London/South East
Webindex: 69802300
Company: British Gas
Description: Field Sales Engineer (Commercial Installations)  London/South East  Overview Base Salary up to ****k  Competitive OTE Benefit Package Location  Significant travel within London/South East Field Sales Engineer (Commercial Installations)  London/South East  The Role: To provide BGB CS commercial customers with heating, hot water and process system installation solutions through the effective management of installation opportunities, site survey, quotation, acceptance and project management through to commissioning and final invoice. The successful candidate will manage the timely fulfilment of installation opportunities, and customer contact within specified Service Level Agreements (SLAs) on a daily basis. Managing their own appointments and site surveys in line with customer expectations is essential to be successful in this role. The individual will require the technical capabilities to design installation solutions that meet customer requirements in line with legislative and industry best practice. Timely production of technical specifications and commercial quotations for installation projects is also a key aspect. Engaging with external subcontractors, suppliers and design engineers to ensure that projects meet UK and EU legislative requirements and project management skills are also essential. An absolute requirement of this position is the drive and desire to manage projects in line with HSE, Gas Safe and other approved codes of practice, thereby ensuring that the Health, Safety and Welbeing of all stakeholders is maintained at all times. Field Sales Engineer (Commercial Installations)  London/South East  The Person: Sound technical background in Gas heating hot water installation systems is essential, Oil and other fuel types desirable. Previously held ACS qualifications would be advantageous. Sales, Customer Service, Technical and Project Management experience within a remote field environment essential. Thorough knowledge and understanding of good safety practice and duty of care requirements. IT skills essential with a thorough working knowledge of Microsoft applications. Thorough understanding and commitment to delivering a great customer service. Candidates should live in West Scotland Field Sales Engineer (Commercial Installations)  London/South East  The Business: Businesses across the UK understand how they use their energy. With a team of over **** people dedicated to supporting organisations in reducing their energy consumption, we can make energy more affordable for our customers. This includes a unique portfolio of capabilities from renewable technologies to building management systems and energy performance partnerships. PLEASE APPLY ONLINE by hitting the ‘Apply’ button. Please upload your cover letter and CV as one document. Applications will ONLY be accepted via the 'Apply' button To request an update on this role, please email Neetu.kumarcentrica.com typing Field Sales Engineer (Commercial Installations)  London/South East (BG****) in the subject title. This role is being handled by the Centrica recruitment team and NO agency contact is required. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesEngineerCommercialInstallationsLondonSouthEast_job****