Title: MECHANICAL ESTIMATOR  Maintenance or Small Works Experience
Webindex: 72393454
Company: Jarvis King Associates Ltd
Description: The Glasgow M&E team currently require a Mechanical Estimator with experience in pricing all client and main contractor M&E works. The successful candidate will demonstrate a proven record in preparing, pricing and submitting tenders to a high quality and have full analytical estimating knowledge of M&E and relevant industry experience. As part of this role you will be required to ensure that projects tendered for are successfully awarded. Working within the existing team, you will be required to attend all pre tender meetings, liaising with the client, ensuring that all tenders submitted are competitive. In addition to previous experience in this type of role, suitable applicants should have a proven track record within a similar role, and have experience of estimating projects within the maintenance, social housing, industrial and commercial sectors. The ideal candidate will have a sound knowledge & experience of both Mechanical & Electrical installation (with a bias in Mechanical)projects up to a value of ****m. You will also be working to tight timescales and be expected to work within these deadlines whilst continuing to deliver high quality work. Successful candidates will be educated to at least HND level, demonstrating a strong understanding of Estimating issues. Experience with Measured Term Contracts is also beneficial. You will have strong commercial acumen with good negotiation skills with the ability to liaise effectively with clients and architects to build robust ongoing relationships. Personal Attributes The successful individual will be a dedicated Estimator with a background in the achievement of multiple tender wins. An analytical approach and excellent time management skills are imperative to the role. You should have good communications skills as you will be required to express your opinions both in writing and verbally at internal and external meetings, with the ability to work well as part of a team, interacting positively with colleagues and clients The successful candidates must be:  Computer Literate, knowledge of Conquest Software would be an advantage  Have a full UK driving licence  Have estimating experience of working in a similar role  Preferably come from a Maintenance or small works background Salary is dependent on experience (plus benefits including 5% noncontributory pension, Married Healthcare allowance.