Title: Quality Engineer Perm
Webindex: 68254868
Description: Skills: 'quality engineer' Description: QUALITY ENGINEER PERM PURPOSE/SUMMARY: To provide Quality Engineering Support to production operations and design areas, particularly in instrument manufacturing in accordance with Company procedures and regulatory requirements. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Support operations providing directed quality engineering support. Ensuring solutions are compliant, in the most efficient manner with ISO 13485 and FDA **** CFR Part **** Ensuring appropriate risk management documentation such as risk analysis, pFMEA and dFMEA are uptodate and appropriate at all times. Review and approval of quality related documentation via ORACLE PLM or other systems, particularly relating to upkeep of manufacturing documentation and Device Master Record. Assist in the development process optimisation, measurement system analysis and formal process validation techniques. Leading, facilitating and participating in formal problem solving to overcome production issues. Where required support of computer software and automated process validation activity. Compilation and reporting Quality Measurement Indices as required. Supporting Non Conformance handling relating to production concerns As CAPA team member to perform corrective and preventive action (CAPA) activities in accordance with the OSTE CAPA system. All other essential related duties as required. EDUCATION: HND or equivalent calibre in engineering, science or technology discipline. ESSENTIAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Work Experience 2 Years working as a quality engineer Experience of batch or continuous flow manufacturing environment Experience precision mechanical small scale components Experience producing high standard documentation within regulated industry Possibly experience packaging and sterilization processes Knowledge Ability to apply standard quality engineering inferential statistical tools  Sampling  hypothesis testing  charting  capability and statistical tolerance, basic DoE Knowledge production, labelling and environmental requirements QSR****P****nowledge of process development and process validation techniques  IQ/OQ/PQ  Validation of automated processes Skills Detailed pFMEA development Ability to interpret technical drawings and mechanical design specifications Systematic approach to problem solving High level of technical report writing Able to review others documentation and provide constructive value added collaboration Measurement System Analysis including destructive & attributes techniques Attitude/Behaviour Confident in a multi priority, rapidly evolving environment Potential to be developed to a senior level