Title: Maintenance engineer (Siemens)
Webindex: 71676577
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Maintenance engineer (Siemens) Bradford ****'****  Overtime Training  Progression  Pension Position available for a maintenance engineer with high level PLC fault finding skills looking to work for a leading FMCG company offering progression and training to Controls engineers. Here is a fantastic opportunity to work for a leading manufacturer that offers a great package as well and being known to really look after there staff. This market leading FMCG manufacturing company is recognised for its excellent quality and great working conditions. Having just invested millions into a new manufacturing facility along with state of the art kit, they are currently on going the commissioning phase of a brand new area within production. As a maintenance engineer, you will undergo initial training to ensure you are capable for high level PLC fault finding on Siemens S7 as well as being responsible for the electrical maintenance on a range of state of the art manufacturing and process equipment. Here is an amazing opportunity for a maintenance engineer to be more PLC focused and to benefit from outstanding training and progression. Here is a fantastic opportunity to work in a leading manufacturer offering exciting work as well as training, development and career progression. The Job Electrical maintenance engineer High level PLC fault finding on Siemens S7 Days to Continental shift (including 2 weekends a month) Continuous improvement project work and PPM Working in an FMCG environment Outstanding training and Progression The Person: Electrical maintenance engineer Siemens PLC fault finding experience FMCG experience Time served Electrical maintenance engineer, electrical, onc, hnc, degree, btec, nvq, degree, fmcg, pharmaceuticals, precision, bottling, high volume, liquids, packaging, time served, apprentice, defence, machine shop, 16th edition, 17th, scada, plc, Siemens s**** programmer, This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MaintenanceengineerSiemens_job****