Title: ASIC Verification Specialist  Berkshire
Webindex: 70756507
Company: IC Resources Ltd
Description: ASIC Verification Specialist  Berkshire An exciting opportunity has arisen for an ambitious and enthusiastic ASIC Verification Engineer to join an established and very well respected design consultancy operating in the mobile communication and multimedia arenas. The successful candidate will play an important role, working on a diverse array of interesting projects that will challenge and develop your verification skills, with the opportunity for some European travel. You will have the ability to develop an effective (and pragmatic) verification strategy and gain the support of the end customer for the chosen approach. You will be comfortable taking on the role of verification lead, architecting the test environment and driving the other team members to deliver the agreed solution. You understand the importance of monitoring key metrics to assess progress and predict the endpoint for the verification process, as well as the importance of active participation in the verification community to drive the introduction of new and effective techniques. Skills required:  SystemVerilog, Verilog and/or VHDL expertise  Experience of assertions and coverage based methodologies  OVM / VMM /eRM  Familiarity with Mentor Questa and Cadence Incisive Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK to be considered. This company prizes its team and employees are rewarded through an excellent salary, share options and a profitrelated annual bonus. Their new offices are located in a peaceful town, with excellent links to London and a large town centre that has recently been named one of the best places to live in England, Engineers enjoy a fantastic work balance, as most of the work is completed in my client s design centre, with only a few days every fortnight spent visiting customer sites, allowing good working relationships to be built within the company as well as outside it. If this sounds like your next career move please contact clareicresources.com for further details. IC Resources  your first contact for ASIC design and verification jobs globally. Key words: Digital, ASIC, SoC, Hardware, Software, Verification, RISC, Specman e, System C, E Code, Microprocessor, FPGA, RTL, Design, OVM, VMM, UVM,eRM, SystemVerilog, VHDL, Verilog, testbench, assertions, coverage driven verification, Semiconductor, Berkshire, Cadence Incisive, Mentor Questa, Berkshire, South East, England, UK