Title: Clean Water Modeller
Webindex: 71292735
Description: Clean Water Modeller  Water Salary ****  Plus benefits Location  Midlands My client is one of the UK s most well established consultancies looking to recruit a Clean Water. The successful candidate will assist with the project management and delivery of various network modelling framework or on standalone projects. There are plans to expand the team due to increase workload. This role would suit a degree calibre with strong clean modelling background and team leadership. Successful candidates will join an established national team of modellers and multidisciplinary engineering staff, and will play a key role in delivering existing Clean Water Modelling programme of work for the UK and international water industry. You will working in or leading teams consisting of staff based within the UK and overseas to deliver technical solutions to time and budget, reporting to client framework managers and project directors and responding to changing demands where required. Skills / Knowledge Required: Degree in Civil Engineering (other disciplines or qualifications will be considered depending on experience). Able to demonstrate a proven track record within Clean Water Modelling Technical expertise in clean water hydraulic modelling Good working knowledge of relevant modelling packages i.e Synergee, InfoworksWS, Epanet Working knowledge of water network hydraulic analysis modelling software, water demand analysis and water network planning studies. Understanding of UK Water Industry and regulatory issues. Excellent written and verbal communication skills Be a flexible team player, to be able to work with different skill groups in the office and across offices globally UK driver licence preferred This role offers varied and industry leading projects, a structured progression plan, and an opportunity to be at the cutting edge of global environmental projects. If you are interested in this opportunity please contact Joe Moss on **** or email you CV to joe.mossarm.co.uk This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. Our industry coverage includes, but is not limited to: Infrastructure and Built Environment, IT (including Security, Communications, SaaS, ERP, IT Sales, and more) Oil and Gas, Defence, Engineering and Technology, Technical Sales, Energy, Space, Telecommunications, Manufacturing and much, much more. We will never send your CV without your permission.