Title: Multi Media Sales Marketing Coordinator
Webindex: 67898725
Company: Gi Group
Description: Purpose of the job: To ensure products designed for the European market meets the quality expectations to improve European magazine review results of the company products. Also, to evaluate and resolve the quality of the products which are exposed to the magazine testing and the other media for product reviews. Finally, to provide good presentation for editors to make them understand our product easily and give our product good evaluation. Key objectives: Magazine award improvement Running performance and quality tests before submit samples to magazine Investigate European magazine test method for the company IT(NPC/PRT) test engineers, when required. Support investigation of negative reviews and distribute resolution for the issues Liaise between QA Lab and European subsidiaries for technical issue of the magazines. Provide sample products to journalists/media within a set period of time when required. Areas of Responsibility Product evaluation before submit the sample to magazine Deveolpment and maintenance of magazine test procedures and test cases. Presentation to explain our products s key pros Communicating with editors and relevent testing laboratory, when required. Competitor product evaluation and comparison. Competitor status researching and technical meeting support for magazine issues. Report magazine award results of subsidiaries to line manager . Support line manager for general affair. Person Specification Essential Hard Skills: Good presentation and communication skills to work with internal and external customers. Ability to express our key pros to customers impressively IT(NPC/PRT) & HHP product technical skills for both subjective & objective testing. Over 3 Years experience in electronics role at CE product industry. CE product testing industry or magazine editor background Understanding of QA procedures and test methodologies. Knowledge and understanding of electronics engineering and testing. Essential Soft Skills: Attention to detail and ability to work to specific standards requirements. Ability to work self sufficiently and manage own workload. Adaptability to work with different cultures and working environments. Desirable Hard/Soft Skills: Previous experience to promote products technically Previous experience of working in electronics product testing role. CE Product Experience  Strong technical skills for AV product. Experience of working in a multicultural environment within an international company. Knowledge of massmedia and CE product industry. Due to the high volumes of applications we are currently receiving, unfortunately we are only able to contact candidates who are successful in progressing to the next stage. If you have not been contacted within 7 days of your application, then please presume that you have not been successful on this occasion