Title: CNC MachinistTeam Leader
Webindex: 69776746
Company: Kinetic Plc
Description: ConsultantWayne Cressey PositionCNC Machinist Team Leader. Description of Position The company is a global supplier specialising in the design and manufacture of bespoke equipment. Clients include Oil and Gas, Nuclear, Pharmaceutical, Food and Drink industries. The product is manufactured to bespoke designs and while the processes can be similar, each item is unique and requires mounting and setup. The company is looking for a Fully Skilled, Experienced, CNC Machinist to take charge of a small but expanding department. The position will will be directly responsible to the Production Manager and will be involved in department expansion plans. The role will develope over time starting as a fulltime Setter/Operator/Programmer, with the current plans being for it to progress to Planning, Supervision and Mentoring. All employees are encouraged to come up with new and better ideas, and be involved in decision making. This is a great opportunity for the right person. To continue to grow with a very forward thinking company. You would be joining a fabrication facility of CNC Machine Operators, Platers and Welders and key aspects of the job include 38 hour week spread over 4 days (Monday  Thursday 7.30am to ****:30pm). Overtime at time and a half may be available on Friday and Saturday when capacity demands. **** minute breaks morning and afternoon with 30 minutes for lunch. Free Workwear. Varied and interesting work. Training available. Suitable Candidates. We are primarily look for Apprentice trained staff but would take into account timeserved experience. The company works with a variety of metals including Carbon Steel, Stainless Steel and Exotics. We would expect the candidate to; be skilled at setting and operating CNC MILLING machines, have experience with SIEMENS and FANUC controllers, be skilled in using micrometers and verniers, be skilled in reading technical drawings, be skilled in using manually operated metal cutting machines such as milling machines, borers and radial arm drills, be able to complete Inspection and Test Plans, be able to work unsupervised, be tidy and conscientious in their work (Lean / ****S experience advantageous), have good attention to detail, be safety conscious, be able to work to high tolerances To apply for the CNC Machinist Team Leader Role, please send your CV to (url removed) Please call (Apply online only) and ask for Wayne Cressey if you would like to discuss this role, or indeed other Engineering roles with Kinetic