Title: CFD Engineer Bedfordshire
Webindex: 70701793
Company: Advancing People
Description: Advancing People Recruitment Specialists are now recruiting for a CFD Engineer for their client based in Bedfordshire. We are currently looking for a Mechanical or Chemical Engineer with strong background and interest in CFD/FEA simulations for our client. Given the nature of our work, the successful candidate will be expected to work with a wide range of industrial processes and sectors including chemicals, pharmaceutical, renewable and conventional energy sources, water and wastewater, defence and aerospace. Applicants should possess MSc or PhD in Engineering, or other numerical field with solid knowledge of fluid dynamics. Proven experience in using mesh generation tools, commercial CFD software (preferably ANSYS Fluent) and/or FEA (preferably ANSYS Mechanical), and developing of UDFs. Exposure to at least two of the following areas of application: Multiphase flows (two or three phase flows) Implementation of chemical reaction models Population balance models Free surface flows Combustion Heat transfer Dynamic mesh applications Material properties and their tribological or lubrication behaviour Written and verbal communication and presentation skills in English Strong organisational skills and the ability to handle multiple tasks/multiple projects simultaneously while working in a team of experienced professionals The following attributes would be advantageous Experience with OpenFOAM. An interest in or experience of hydraulic pressure surge calculations and use of Flowmaster and/or Wanda. Programming skills preferably C. Rewards A challenging and stimulating environment working on technically innovative projects. A competitive salary of &pound****  &pound**** is offered with benefits. The client supports its staff to achieve chartered status of relevant institutions To Apply: All applicants need to REGISTER their details on strikejobs.co.uk in order to apply for this role.