Title: Principle Design Engineer (Civil/Rail)
Webindex: 72405303
Company: Berry Technical
Description: Principle Design Engineer (Civil/Rail)  Birmingham  ****k  package Job Description: Lead and direct the Civils Service Stream through the provision of a technically competent team which is capable of delivery to the Civils Business Plan. Responsibilities: Forecast manpower requirements for all Civils service stream requirements in line with the agreed Business Plan and the Forward Order Book. Maintain an interface within the Civils section to ensure uniformity of approach, common targets and the use of best practice. Maintain an interface between the Civils section and other Engineering service streams to ensure best knowledge of business opportunities, common approaches and joint targets. Ensure that the necessary actions are planned and implemented to ensure that the volume and type of work which has been agreed under the Business Plan is delegated to staff, or actioned personally, is delivered. Responsible for the design / checking of all reports / designs / submissions prior to issuing to Clients. Assist with the delivery and monitoring of live projects as required by the Civils Project Manager. Preparation of estimates / quotations and proposals as required by the Civils Design Manager. Perform the duties of Responsible Design Engineer for projects as required by the CDM regulations. Review design processes and technical report submissions. Where errors occur, or work is defective, carry out causal analysis and take the necessary steps to prevent recurrence. Undertake the role of design manager as required. Responsible for staff training and development which is geared to deliver the agreed Business Plan and the Forward Order book. Prepare and deliver local Teach ins , and briefings to staff as required. Implement and adhere to ISO9001:**** Quality Procedures. Allocate roles, responsibilities and production activities within the Civils team. Responsible for the submission of a Business Plan for the Civils Service Stream. Deal with Internal and Client technical queries and requests. Qualifications knowledge of AutoCAD, advanced knowledge of TEDDS, Pframe / Superstress essential and advanced knowledge of Slope W and Repute desireable.  Good presentation, communication and interpersonal skills.  PTS  Full Driving licence