Title: Production Drawing Engineer
Webindex: 69079108
Company: RHL
Description: Production Drawing Engineer Salary Guide **** to c**** Location: South East London Reporting to: Design Manager Location: Studio based with site visits to contractors or suppliers as necessary. Experience: Demonstrated experience of design for die casting, injection moulding and sheet metal. Degree level or higher qualification in a high engineering design related area. Time served within a manufacturing environment. Design Duties (In order): Production of engineering drawings Calculation of tolerance stacks and GDT systems Production of ****d CAD models and issue of data and drawings to suppliers Analysis of prototypes and production of test regimes for products being put into manufacture Support of the design group in the development of new products. Conduct Analysis and clean up of designs released from the design group Organisation of databases and checking production data before release to suppliers Inspection of prototypes and submitted samples against CAD data Completion of Engineering Change Notes (ECN) as per procedure Administrative Duties: Ensure hard and soft copy of design work completed within the department are stored appropriately and to propagate best practice in control archiving. To ensure that the modification of design data issued to suppliers for tooling or manufacture of anything other than low volume prototyping is controlled via ECN. To participate and develop in the product release procedures of the company in conjunction with other nominated members of staff. General Duties: Follow guidelines on the use of facilities and resources outlined by the company and individual work groups. Maintain a clean, safe and presentable workspace and participate in routine group sweeps by the design team to identify and dispose of accumulated or redundant design work. Support and promote the company s QMS system and comply with all relevant procedures Other: Pragmatic problem solving approach to deliver cost effective manufactured solutions that maintain and promote the high quality and function of our products