Title: Maintenance Engineer 2538M4VC
Webindex: 70253964
Company: Pioneer Selection
Description: Overview: A leading FMCG manufacturer is currently recruiting for a maintenance engineer to work on the process and packaging lines within their factory. A strong multi skilled background within manufacturing/FMCG is required to be considered for this role. This company offers a rewarding and stable career with lots of room for progression, so this is a great opportunity to join a reputable and growing company. The Company: This company was established over 50 years ago and in recent times they have progressed to become one of the major FMCG manufacturers providing a quality service and product to their customers on a global stage.Throughout the UK they employ over **** people across numerous sites, and last year the company had a turnover of over 100 million. The Role of a Maintenance Engineer: Working within a team, the maintenance engineer will be responsible for the effective and efficient maintenance of this fully automated production facility. Working on a wide array of equipment such as conveyor systems, filling machines, labelling equipment and PLCs to name but a few, this is a great opportunity to test and enhance your technical ability with a comprehensive training program. You will need to have a good knowledge of both mechanical and electrical competencies. This role would require the successful applicant to work on a rotating days and nights shift. Key Skills: As a maintenance engineer in this role, you would need to be multiskilled (either biased) and ideally come from some form of manufacturing environment. You will need to be able to work in a team and show excellent communication skills. You will also have to be competent enough to complete tasks alone. Benefits: Contributory Pension  Healthcare20 shifts holiday  Overtime Salary: Up to **** basic  Benefits Commutable from: Buckingham, Buckinghamshire, Luton, Bedfordshire, Milton Keynes, Northampton, Stevenage, Northamptonshire and Hertfordshire. Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a: Multiskilled Engineer,Maintenance Technician, Shift Engineer or Supervisor. If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Alternatively for further details contact Vinny Carrigan on;  **** or Email: cvpioneerselection.co.uk Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MaintenanceEngineer2538M4VC_job****