Title: Regional Security Manager (North)
Webindex: 69669892
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview FMHead Office Purpose of Role The Regional Security Manager will take ownership of the operational management and delivery of all Security services delivered within his/her region or location(s). This includes the management of customer interface within a designated area of an estate; ensuring a high profile in the daytoday running of the sites, and provision of a consistent strong link with customers, guaranteeing appropriate and responsive reaction to address any and all client concerns. This is an active and visible role requiring excellent customer relationship and supplier management skills. Working as part of a team within the business, the Regional Security Manager will be expected to positively contribute to the performance of the business by engendering a culture of customer care. Key Objectives of the Role To manage the customer interface within an assigned region or location(s); ensuring a high profile in the daytoday running of the sites, and provision of a consistently strong link with customers, guaranteeing appropriate and responsive reaction to address any and all client concerns. To manage excellent relationships with our client, our suppliers and other partners within a region. To ensure that the operational aspects of his/her region are delivered in accordance with the SLA by an agreed programme of qualitative checks and controlled measures and to rectify identified deviation where appropriate. To develop maximum profitable growth of the business through understanding client needs, maximizing the services delivered and championing excellent customer care. To ensure compliance with all statutory, IMS, security and relevant company and client policies generating a true health and safety culture. To lead, recruit, develop and retain staff to deliver services in the most efficient and effective manner. To ensure that a Continuous Improvement Process is an integral part of service delivery increasingly adding value to both the business and our client. As a member of the Facilities Management Team, to be an ambassador and leader of the business. To organise and facilitate regular Customer Forums and meetings with other key stakeholders as appropriate. To interact with all internal teams to discharge the consistent, effective and efficient delivery of planned and reactive tasks and in doing so, support best practice. To support customer and company audits ensuring optimum results are achieved. Assist in the establishment of systems of monitoring and control, designed to ensure appropriate control over all critical service points, to maximise customer satisfaction, minimise customer complaints and other adverse feedback. To ensure that records are held and updated as required. To manage the people resources effectively and efficiently to deliver the required services. Analysis of budgetary information to assist in annual budgetary and monthly forecasting processes. Authorise payroll issues concerning staff within the portfolio of buildings under post holder s responsibility (i.e. overtime, absence etc). To set objectives for direct reports and review bi monthly. Ensure same approach and mechanisms for all staff within area of responsibility To ensure all new starters receive induction training in line with Company policies and procedures. To ensure Objectives, Performance Reviews and Job Chats are completed as per standing company policy. Job Level Overview Subject to managerial direction, the Job Holder will generally be subject to broad practices and procedures that are covered by functional/business precedents and policies. The job holder will generally be at least part professionally qualified and will probably possess some specialised knowledge/skills gained through on the job experience. The Job Holder s performance will have either a very small impact on plc performance, or a small impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Accountable for specific areas of responsibility and deliverables and manages the associated risks Delivers activities to support operational objectives for their specific contract, project or specialism Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 6 months to one year Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines Interacts with client or users around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Manages the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility Focus of work is predominantly against defined targets but performs a range of tasks from complex to straightforward Financial Accountabilities Typically manages cost centre budget (first line budgetary accountability) Identifies ways to reduce cost and improve service Manages variable costs (e.g. overtime and agency costs) People Accountabilities For a small contract, section of contract or single disciplinary teams: Typically first line manager with overall people responsibility Optimises performance Undertakes performance reviews and provides training and reward recommendations Responsible for implementing disciplinary actions up to final warning Knowledge and Applied Skills Thorough working knowledge of one functional area through significant job experience amp; training Experience of supporting a business contract and/or providing support to a professional function Likely to have 5 years business experience and/or be a fully qualified professional with minimum of 2 years PQE with Intermediate Level Qualifications. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information Ensure service delivery to KPI s and SLA contract commitments for security services. nbsp;To review, analyse and assess working practices and procedures for contracted services within the region agree and implement change management issues to ensure levels of effectiveness and legal compliance are maintained for monitoring rooms. To maintain discipline and standards of the Officers in the region, and to ensure that business critical information is passed to all in a timely manner Ensure a monthly variation report is submitted covering all additions/omissions following any scope change at contracted sites To submit a detailed monthly report, including data on any lost hours or shifts, operational effectiveness of the Officers, response to alarms and lock / unlock with in the region To attend monthly client meetings to report on activities, and to include innovation as part of the report To develop, own, and publish Carillion security and risk management/escalation processes. Ensure that all health, safety, and environmental legislation and company policy is adhered to (to include quality systems) within scope of activities. Undertake regular site and service inspection tours, including out of hours staff where appropriate, and ensure quality standards are maintained of central management systems to include assignment instructions and all compliance activities relating to the security service provided Attend monthly management meetings to present meaningful analytical assessments of collated data and provide recommendations to improve service of customers to meet client requirements. Participation within specific projects as directed by the client. Take ownership and management of projects as directed, prioritising works as and when required, to reduce risk to the clients in a timely and cost effective manner. Agreement to participate in an appropriate callout system as described by your line manager. Ensure that regular reviews of alarm response data for sites with key holding requirements, is undertaken, to ensure awareness of any deterioration in service cover is highlighted. Undertake any appropriate other duties as required by your line manager. Development of excellent working relationships with client representatives for Hard amp; Soft service elements of Security together with key stakeholders (i.e. Security) to ensure effective delivery of service and exceeding client expectations. Attend regular National review meetings to prompt awareness of issues and consistency of approach. Continually review services, specifications, processes, productivity levels and quality control to secure and increase the efficient use of resources. Support National Manager and regional operational teams in delivering all projects within area of responsibility. Managing the day to day operational security activities ensuring standards of service and standard operating procedures are followed To maintain a standard of service which is constantly being improved through effective communications, identification of improvement and its implementation To ensure that all security staff relative to the site are fully briefed on any changes to policies and procedures To effectively manage and develop the security staff in the department ensuring appropriate discipline, training and morale is maintained. Ensure adequate records are maintained including: register of all incidents, training register of all suitably qualified officers, maintenance, attendance, lost and found, vehicles, equipment, uniform, etc.