Title: Drawing Office Supervisor
Webindex: 64140494
Company: NonStop Recruitment Ltd
Description: Main Responsibilities: Supervising and monitoring the Drawing Office activities on hardware projects to support ensuring contracted deliverables and performance targets are accurately established, efficiently progressed, effectively monitored and achieved in a timely manner, to budget and of the required quality, fidelity and compliancy. This shall include: Producing ****D models and ****D dimensioned drawings using the Company CAD draughting package; and associated parts list creation using the Company MRP database. Supervising Drawing Office activities in accordance with Company Business Management System and project specific requirements. Liaising with the Systems Design Engineers to ensure work demands/packages released to the Drawing Office are adequately detailed, complete and understood. Developing and maintaining a competent Drawing Office infrastructure and capability, flexible and able to support existing contracts and support new initiatives or bids. Supporting work planning, resourcing, supervising and monitoring the Drawing Office in performing design/draughting activities on hardware projects. Supporting ensuring consistency and compliancy of hardware product design including postdelivery support activities; such as upgrades, modifications and repairs, is maintained. Ensuring consistency of hardware product designs that are economical and safe to manufacture, inspect/test and maintain whilst meeting the minimum standard of fit for purpose. Supporting the development of innovative and supportable product design solutions to maintain the Company's business advantage and product development strategy. Promoting and ensuring consistency and compliancy of drawing standards. Supporting the management and maintenance of sustainable work flow within the Drawing Office. Effective assignment of work demands/packages, monitoring performance and ensuring effective utilisation of the team resources. Proactively progressing all work tasks to ensure timely completion and early identification and resolution of issues. Primary point of contact for the Drawing Office team for work task issues and suggestions and providing instruction/guidance. Attending and supporting design reviews. Ensuring drawings and associated parts lists are effectively reviewed prior to release. Supporting the development and maintenance of sufficiently detailed work breakdowns and work plans. Supporting the identification and recruitment of necessary resource capacity and skill requirements and acquisition of facility requirements. Developing and maintaining effective communications within the Drawing Office team and with other business departments. Ensuring drawings/documents are compliant and effectively configuration controlled in accordance with Company Business Management System or contract specified requirements. Creating and maintaining effective records of design evaluations and calculations. To keep the Hardware Programmes Manager routinely aware of all aspects of Drawing Office progress and of major developments affecting performance of the overall project tasks or, other business operations, and immediately advise the Hardware Programmes Manager of any foreseen or occurrence which may affect the hardware product design compliancy with contact, statutory or regulatory requirements QUALIFICATIONS/EXPERIENCE/APPROVALS Experience in technical design and draughting development of innovative, economical and safe hardware solutions that are compliant with statutory, regulatory and customer requirements. An ability to relate and apply the skills required to supervise, coordinate and control hardware design/draughting within a Drawing Office. Good office computer skills in a range of Microsoft applications. Advanced experience in the use of Solid Works CAD with ability to operate other CAD packages. Ability to assemble and effectively supervise and motivate a team of Draughtspersons to achieve project goals. Good communication and organisation skills with ability to operate as part of a team encompassing all company business departments. Hold a full driving Licence and Passport This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DrawingOfficeSupervisor_job****