Title: Mechanical Design Engineer, Design Engineer
Webindex: 68218517
Company: PDQ Engineering Recruitment
Description: JOB TITLE  Mechanical Design Engineer LOCATION  Aylesbury SALARY  ****k  benefits Hello We are currently recruiting for a company based in Aylesbury who are looking for a Mechanical Design Engineer to join their Design team. Looking for a Mechanical Design engineer with experience with design of pressure vessels, heat exchangers, coolers, structures, piping etc. This is a permanent role, with a salary of ****  benefits. Below in more detail is the outline of the job description and responsibilities, please read and reply with a current CV if interested. Alternatively feel free to call Jamie  PDQ on (Apply online only) Thanks, look forward to hearing from you. GENERAL DESCRIPTION: To carry out mechanical design, drawing and associated work as required. Mechanical Design To carry out any Mechanical Design activity as required and in particular:  The preparation of mechanical designs for pressure vessels, heat exchangers, structures, piping.  Drawing work and checking  Preparation of parts lists  Requisitioning of material To ensure that mechanical design calculations and completed drawings are to the customer s specifications and current design codes. Follow specific ASME U Stamp processes as necessary for specified projects. To prepare detailed design summaries as defined by contract requirements. To ensure, in conjunction with the Engineering Manager and the Senior Draughtsman that designs being developed are correct and cost effective. To liaise with all relevant disciplines in the company and with customers and potential customers as necessary on all aspects of mechanical design and drawing at contract stages of order. To ensure that all work under his control is completed to agreed scheduled target dates and within agreed man hour budgets. To advise the Project Manager of any changes to the contract having any design, commercial or delivery implications. On acceptance of these changes by the Project Manager, to ensure that these are implemented. To identify and inform the relevant disciplines within the company of long lead items, specifying where necessary, and to liaise with purchasing and suppliers on special requirements. To make recommendations to the Engineering Manager regarding all aspects of mechanical design to improve design and build cost effectiveness and product quality. To ensure familiarity with specifications and standards. To visit other company sites, customers and suppliers/subcontractors as necessary