Title: Sensor Processing Test Technician
Webindex: 72229803
Company: Redline Group Ltd
Description: Our client in Northamptonshire, an experienced highperformance technology company and a global provider of software, hardware, services, and expertise in automation and embedded computing are currently seeking a Sensor Processing Test Technician to join their organisation. As a Sensor Processing Test Technician you will debug, and test, analog input and output products used in video compression, radar, medical imaging, wireless communications, sonar and test measurement applications. Your key responsibilities will be to investigate and identify fault finds down to component level; working with production and design engineers during the process of training and fault investigation; communicating clearly, both verbally and in written form when dealing with customers; maintaining test documentation and equipment to the standards required; adherence to AS**** regulations and health safety requirements. The technologies and techniques used in the role will include: Use of MatLab as a test and diagnostic tool. Loading programs into FPGAs. Signal generators, high speed oscilloscopes, and network analyzers to test and debug high speed analog circuits. Ability to test and evaluate analog circuit performance for SFDR, SNR, THD, SINAD and ENOB. Experience debugging onboard power supplies. Experience debugging high speed serial fabrics. PCI, PCI express, VME, VPX buses. The ideal candidate must possess a HNC level in a related subject, as a minimum or HND or higher qualification in Electronics along with a minimum of 3 years experience in a related environment. The location for this role is commutable from Milton Keynes, Daventry, Rugby, Bicester, Oxford, Sandy and Luton. Apply now for the Sensor Processing Test Technician role based in Northamptonshire by sending an updated CV along with a covering letter to SJohnsonredlinegroup.Com quoting ref SJ****/**** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SensorProcessingTestTechnician_job****