Title: Project Managaer
Webindex: 70676932
Company: EMS Sigma Limited
Description: PROJECT MANAGER Our client, an established renewables organisation, is seeking a Project Manager to join their existing team in the Greater Manchester area. Key Responsibilities You will be responsible for managing numerous projects simultaneously, ranging **** to **** in value. These projects will deal primarily with CAPEX installations of new machinery, or modification and upgrading of equipment. You will be responsible for managing all contractors on site during projects, ensuring written drafts match specifications, gaining contractor installation quotations and coordinating all installation processes to ensure accuracy, safety and time constraints are met at all times. Negotiation of related plant downtime with senior management to ensure safe installation of equipment whilst minimising disruption will form part of this role, so the ability to communicate and influence confidently and concisely is a prerequisite for applicants. Experience and Skills Required You will be an established mechanical engineer with a proven track record of managing multiple and large scale projects to a successful conclusion. With hands on mechanical engineering experience, you will have a relevant qualification or apprenticeship. First class organisation, communication and influencing skills (with the ability to display this adequately) are essential. Salary and Package Circa **** per annum. EMS Sigma Ltd have built a reputation for providing expert recruitment advice and solutions to both candidates and clients. High levels of integrity and robust systems are important components of our continued success. With specialist recruiters across our divisions including; Operations, Engineering, Supply Chain, Process Improvement, Sales Marketing, HR, Finance and IT, operating across Manufacturing, Food, FMCG, Pharmaceutical, Consultancy and Distribution sectors, we at EMS Sigma Ltd feel we are well placed to support a variety of candidates to achieve their career goals. To find out more about EMS Sigma click on our logo on this page.