Title: Project Engineer–Laboratory & Medical Equipment
Webindex: 71706759
Company: Redline Group
Description: Our client is a global independent safety science company offering expertise across five key strategic businesses: Product Safety, Environment, Life & Health, Knowledge Services and Verification Services. They are currently looking for a Project Engineer  Laboratory & Medical Equipment to join their organisation in Surrey. As Project Engineer you will independently manage the execution and timely completion of engineering projects by analysing project scope and determining project specifications, establishing and conducting test programs for product investigations, and preparing reports for clients. Job Summary  Independently determine project scope, develop a preliminary plan of investigation, determine project specifications such as time and sample requirements by analysing client input, available supplemental data, and product construction.  Communicates with clients to discuss technical issues, address client concerns to resolution, provide technical assistance to clients and communicate project status and results through frequent contact and by preparing reports.  Establish appropriate test programs by reviewing files and manufacturer's information, examining samples, and applying Standard requirements.  Coordinate/conduct laboratory activities by preparing data sheets, scheduling and establishing completion dates along with administrative aspects of project management.  Integrate continuous improvement concepts and techniques into all aspects of the job. The ideal candidate will need to have a degree or similar qualification in electrical or electronic Engineering along with 24 years relevant experience working with safety testing of devices according to IEC/UL**** (Laboratory equipment) and/or IEC/UL [blocked] (medical equipment) and various related standards. Alternatively, you may have experience of working in the design or test department for medical, lab, test, measurement or Information Technology equipment. The ability to identify and manage priorities as demonstrated by the ability to establish, track, and meet schedules for multiple projects while maintaining project quality will also be required. Some international travel will be required as well as travel to conduct or witness tests at client sites. This location is commutable for Guildford, Surrey, Bracknell, Slough, Hounslow, London, Uxbridge and Croydon. Apply now for the Project Engineer position based in Surrey by submitting an updated CV along with a covering letter to sjohnsonredlinegroup.Com quoting ref SJ****/****