Title: Design Engineer, Project Manager
Webindex: 69966112
Company: JJ FOX
Description: Job Role: Senior/ Design Engineer, Project Manager, Research & Development, Product Development jjFOX is looking for a Senior /Design Engineer with strong Project Management skills to join a manufacturing client based near Hounslow, London close to Heathrow airport. The role will see you leading a small team of design engineers managing product ranges from concept to production using your knowledge of 3D modelling (Solidworks) and production processes. You will play a key part in the successful delivery of projects on time and to budget to many international clients including OEMs. You should have excellent communication skills to liaise with customers and suppliers worldwide in regards to components, tooling, materials or similar and internal departments such as production and marketing. The right candidate will have good 3D CAD skills coupled with a knowledge of design simulation and analysis (FEA for example) to ensure product quality from concept through to prototyping, lab testing and production. This will allow you to generate complex assemblies, 3D models and surfaces. The roles will involved vacuum formed, injection moulded and compression moulded components. You will also be responsible for producing product technical and commercial documentation, Instruction Manuals, Assembly Literature. You will keep at the forefront of innovations creating visualisation of concepts and new products taking in consideration practical, aesthetics and ergonomic components designs. The ideal candidate will be degree qualified in a product/industrial design discipline with a focus on engineered solutions with a track record of managing development projects. This is an excellent opportunity to join an exciting company with a role offering responsibilities and challenge. If interested, please submit your application before 14th January 2013 or call Megane at jjFOX for further information : (Apply online only) Email : megh[at]jjFOX[dot]com Keywords: design engineer, industrial design, senior design engineer, project design engineer, 3D CAD, Solidworks, FEA, surfacing, 3D modelling, technical documentation, new product development, moulding, injection moulded, compression moulded, vacuum forming, instruction manuals, ergonomics, aesthetics, lab testing, Prince **** project management, OEM, 3D Max Studio, Adobe Photoshop, London, Hounslow, Heathrow