Title: Machine Design Engineer
Webindex: 69081989
Company: Prime Time Recruitment
Description: Machine Project Engineer  Automotive Industry  West Yorkshire  ********K (Dependant on Experience) Automotive Industry  Multi National Company looking to expand at a rapid rate. Worlds largest global supplier of advanced automotive technology, systems and components. Employing around **** associates worldwide they continue to experience impressive growth, driven by its desire to develop world first technology and lead the market with best in class production quality. Leading name in the design and manufacture of high performance heat exchange units and cooling modules. The company is a prominent global supplier to OEMs in the off highway construction, agricultural and engine power markets. Responsibilities: The position will work within a multidiscipline production engineering team and be responsible for the design, development and implementation of bespoke machine designs, modifications and improvements to meet the needs of our manufacturing facility. The range of activities can involve modifications to existing plant machinery. Implement Costreduction and product engineering initiatives. Minor and major customer specific developments through to full strategic, multidisciplined projects. You be expected to work closely with subcontract manufacturers and may also be involved in the build, installation and commissioning process. Coordinate and participate projects as required. Ensure progress is in line with the planned schedule. Responsible for managing projects to achieve the delivery of machines, equipment or services on schedule within budget and to specification. Create specifications which achieve the goals of the internal customers requirements. Follow the QS****/TS**** procedures with respect to the creation of specifications and requirements. Requirements: Essential Well developed Project management skills, with the ability to work to tight deadlines and with more than one project. Relevant experience using a ****D CAD system. Strong mechanical & full design cycle skills in special purpose, precision capital environment. Experience in any of the following would be advantageous mechanical design, mechanism and machine design, metal working and cutting processes, fitting and fabrication, sheet metal, hydraulic and pneumatic systems.Desirable HND or Degree in engineering related subjects. Relevant experience of machine design & development in an industrial environment. Experience in negotiation with suppliers, Contractors, internal departments, etc. Communicate with internal customers to provide updates as necessary. Conduct departmental meetings as necessary to discuss projects, specifications, modifications etc. Process, review and expedite work orders, modifications, schematics, check sheets, job instructions and calibration records. Engage in budgeting activities such as ordering equipment, parts and machines and assist in budget control and setting. Support technical and financial negotiations with customers and suppliers as required. Generate financial estimates and calculations for internal tooling quotations, carry out feasibility studies with respect to the purchase of new plant and equipment.Salary  ********K (Dependant on Experience)  Excellent Benefits Key skills  Autocad, Machine Modification, Layouts, Design. Location  West Yorkshire If you are interested in this role or want to speak to us about any further opportunities please apply now in the first instance