Title: Systems Engineering Manager (RF Sensors / Seekers)
Webindex: 69670169
Company: F10 Recruitment Ltd
Description: Position: Systems Engineering Manager (RF Sensors / Seekers) Location: Stevenage Salary: ****k p/a The Role My client is a leading designer and manufacture of cutting edge missile and precision guided weapon systems. With the continuing success of the company and their extensive in service product range programmes that are under development, my client are looking for a Systems Engineering Manager for their Seeker Systems Division, which concentrates on the development of the RF Sensor and datalink technology used in their Missile guidance systems. This role requires a strong systems engineering manager, who is able to provide evidence of systems / software modelling development and interaction with the software and trials teams in relation to complex weapons systems or other defence projects. A strong understanding of the full systems engineering lifecycle along with skills in DOORS, Matlab, Simulink, Fortran and Statemate are an ideal requirement. Accountabilities Include:  Managing and executing tasks identified on the agreed programme of work, ensuring they are delivered within budget, to the required timescales and to the required standard.  Maintaining and complying with the System Engineering Management Plan (SEMP).  Managing the Seeker Systems Design Definition, Modelling, Trials and Analysis and Systems Studies.  Supporting the Chief Systems Engineer (CSE) and Chief Design Engineer (CDE) in Phase Reviews, Project Reviews and discussions with the customer/suppliers as requested by the CSE.  Understanding and agreeing the requirements of the Seeker and supporting technical discussions with the missile team.  Ensuring correct requirement flowdown or apportionment of seeker requirements to seeker subsystem requirements.  Lead and develop staff to ensure the accountabilities of the team are delivered and project tasks are resourced. Requirements / Skills  Ideally Degree educated in a science or electronics discipline  Ability to provide managerial leadership to others  Excellent problem solving skills  Good planning and organizational skills and Project management expertise  Negotiating and influencing skills  Good communication skills (Customer and interdepartmental, such as Software Department)  Updating and maintaining project plans Milestone tracking  Studies to support functional development, flowdown and system verification  Model development and validation to support studies, software testing and performance statements  Management of the generation of the Certificates of Design  Design Proving and systems characterisation via trials.  Substantial knowledge of design process, requirements management (DOORS) and design verification The Company My client is a highly regarded defence systems designer and manufacturer working across air, sea and land systems. F**** The F**** Group offers the services of an Employment Agency for permanent recruitment and the services of an Employment Business for contract recruitment.