Title: planning Coordinator 4 Month Contract
Webindex: 72443926
Company: England Associates
Description: PLANNING CO – ORDINATOR NEEDED I am currently working with one of the top civil engineering companies and they are currently looking to expand their team with a Planning Coordinator . The candidate will need to provide Planning support to the delivery team delivering multidisciplinary Rail Projects, ensuring safe delivery in line with the agreed business objectives. To support and promote the development and growth of the business with existing and new clients  The Role Ensuring that SSOW, Rimini Plans, OTP / Lifting Plans, Possession Plans, Work Package Plans and TB are consistent and coordinated for the work.  Arrange and monitor relevant white board meetings associated with planning the works  Ensuring that late notice changes are not permitted except where planners / operational staff can adequately identify, assess and control the risks.  Identifying the various interfaces with others (Contractors, visitors, maintenance, inspectors and persons travelling through the site).  Developing a planning system that aligns the various plans into usable documents and maintaining that system  Ensure that all briefing information supplied to staff reflects the work and the site and that they are brief able.  Provide weekly progress reports  Attend weekly progress meeting both client and internal as required All the above to be in line with current process and procedures The Candidate The Planning coordinator must have experience in the planning process. The Planning Coordinator must have a clear understanding of T meeting and PICOP meetings. The Planning Coordinator must have a Minimum of 3 years’ experience of possessions planning and SSOW, RIMINI Planning. The Planning Coordinator must have experience of completing work package plans (WPP)and task briefing sheets Excellent communication, leadership and people management skills. Good negotiation skills. Experienced in implementing and maintaining HSQE and Management procedures practices. Technically conversant with all relevant industry standards, specifications and practices. IT skills Flexible and willingness to learn If you are interested in this role or know anyone that would be suitable then please forward your CV to c.brownlieearecruit.co.uk or call **** **** for more information. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/planningCoordinator4MonthContract_job****