Title: Product Support Engineer (Visual Basic)
Webindex: 61515599
Description: We are recruiting for a Product Support Engineer for this leading organisation based in Dartford. The role will provide support of current and legacy products as well as developing new products/solutions/services. Provide support to project engineers to evaluate and select suitable hardware and software solutions. Responsibilities include: Actively involved in analysing customer requirements and examining their technical feasibility. Must be capable of producing technical specifications from customer requirements and transferring these into technical solutions. Ability to deliver products / solutions from specifications to budget and timescales, ideally based on a sound knowledge of power systems and the Electricity Supply Industry. Originating procedures and requirements concerning quality management (product documentation, test procedures, commissioning procedures etc). Strong written communication skills required, ideally within an ISO 9000 / **** environment. Analytical skills to diagnose faults. This may be by offering telephone support to remote engineers or visiting site. Mobility and occasional working away from the office including overnight stays will therefore be required. Must be articulate and able to communicate at various hierarchical levels within own, suppliers and customer's organisations. Team player with good time management skills and the ability to prioritise their own workload. What do I need to qualify for this job? Degree or equivalent in electronic engineering discipline. Consideration may be given to HNC/HND applicants subject to suitable knowledge experience. Experience working in the Power / Electricity Supply Industry. Alternatively, hardware / software design within an environment requiring extensive interfacing. Experience of working within an ISO 9000 / **** environment would be a major advantage. Extensive programming experience for PC and Embedded platforms. Strong programming experience in C and Visual Basic Application programming within a service business would be highly advantageous. Experienced at dealing with communications hardware / protocols Experience with the design and interfacing with hardware Will be expected to work as part of a small team, reporting to the product manager. Being self motivated with strong communication skills are essential. Occasional working away from home for a few days will be required on an unscheduled basis Please forward your CV to be considered for this opportunity.