Title: Project Control Officer Weapon Systems Integration to Platform
Webindex: 69250725
Company: Ceema Technology Recruitment Limited
Description: We are currently seeking a Project Control Officer to work on the Weapons Systems Integration Programme for a leading defence company. TITLE: Project Control Officer Weapon Systems Integration to Platforms (WSIP) Requisition Details: Job Title: Project Control Officer Weapon Systems Integration to Platforms (WSIP) THE COMPANYS level of role: Level 2 Directorate: Programmes Reports to: Project Control Function within THE COMPANYS Project Management Office If you have good commercial or financial awareness and have worked in project support or as a project controller than please apply. Role Purpose: Project Controllers own and implement the systems and methods to ensure that project performance remains visible to the Project Team at all times. The principle duties include, but are not limited to; Accountabilities Working in collaboration and support of the Business Performance Management Team in the definition and ongoing management of the project execution. Controlling the creation and update cycle of Engineering and Project / Workpackage Plans and Schedules. Analysing ongoing progress and performance, assessing this against contractual and internal targets  determining variance and its respective causes. Preparing reports and recommending actions to maintain and or improve progress. Foster good working relationships with engineers and the broader community to be able to implement and embed the THE COMPANYS project control standards, systems and methods delivering accurate and quality project performance status data in a timely manner. Challenge inefficiency and apply improvements to increased performance  strive for a continuous improvement of best practices both at project and functional level. Promote the profession of Project Control and its respective expertise and credibility across the business, accommodating and managing change, sharing experiences and embracing new ways of working. Operate in a customer partnering and collaborative environment. Develop competencies and capabilities in international working both at an individual level and team level. If you have good commercial or financial awareness and have worked in project support or as a project controller than please apply. Skills Knowledge Possess a high level of competence with industry standard computing applications (specifically spreadsheets) and possess an ability to work with large quantities of data. Have an acceptable level of Commercial and Financial Awareness Have a methodical approach to their work, willingness to promote and challenge efficiency and behold a well developed level of judgement. Hold communication skills, capable of working in large teams with a complexity of skills (Engineering, Finance, Commercial, Project Management, etc) and will enjoy the appeal of working in a multicultural panEuropean environment. Are proactive team players who can inspire others, manage change, who are assertive as well as have a strength (or willingness to develop) on their negotiation and arbitration skills. Note: We are not necessarily looking for people with all of the above experience, we are looking for people with a career interest in Engineering / Project Management and have the energy, appetite to learn and relish the opportunity in embracing the above challenges.