Title: SENIOR MECHANICAL ELECTRICAL TECHNICIAN
Webindex: 71198952
Company: Gap Technical
Description: SENIOR MECHANICAL ELECTRICAL TECHNICIAN ****  **** Doncaster gap technical are proud to be representing this global manufacturing business in their search for a Senior Mechanical Electrical Technician to work at their facility based near Doncaster Our Client is an internationally recognised company and we hope you would want to be a part of their team. PERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES  Undertake routine maintenance and repairs to plant and equipment  Routine building and structural works.  Undertaking modifications and improvement to plant and systems as required.  Operating Planned Preventative Maintenance System to cover all M E and Building Fabric.  Coordination of maintenance and repair activities.  Comply with company health, safety and environmental procedures at all times  Support/Monitor 3rd party maintenance supplier activities when required and report any corrective works arising.  Responsible for supporting Engineering Plant Inspections  Assist in planning and executing multi annual maintenance activities such as Fixed Electrical Testing Portable Appliance testing in accordance with current legislation.  Adhere to all Environmental, Health Safety requirements, including control and supervision of contractors when required.  Ensure all Plant Rooms and Workspaces are maintained and kept in a safe condition at all times.  Be part of or work towards supporting Out of Hours Emergency call out team, following required training and competency assessments.  Responsible for performing electrical, mechanical or other isolations when required and where authorised.  Support any other reasonable requests to meet business needs/priorities when required.  Ensure correct use and maintenance of PPE.  Fulfil the role of Duty manager as required. PERSON SPECIFICATION  17th edition desirable or similar accreditation.  Recognised and fully completed Apprenticeship.  Previous experience of working in a similar building/environment.  Proven track record in leading and managing a team and ability to be self motivated.  Flexible in their approach to work scheduling, good customer service and communication skills.  Knowledge of Preventative Planned Maintenance Systems/Techniques.  Demonstrate ability to work under pressure.  Strong communication skills (oral and written).  IT skills. STILL INTERESTED? If you have any questions or are interested in any other opportunities we may have, please do not hesitate to contact Alex.Quegangappersonnel.com This vacancy is being advertised on behalf of gap technical who are operating as an employment business.