Title: Capital Project Validation Manager
Webindex: 69084034
Company: NES UK
Description: Capital Project Validation Manager (Facilities) Pharmaceuticals  Permanent  South West, UK Our client is a specialist organisation focused in the development and production of pharmaceutical products within the UK. At present our client is seeking a Capital Project Validation Manager on a permanent basis at their facility based in the South West, UK. The job holder will be degree qualified in a Life Science or Engineering discipline with previous pharmaceutical and Validation Engineering experience at a senior level. The role will be responsible to manage validation elements of capital projects including facilities, utilities and equipment in accordance with regulatory requirements. The role will also include the following responsibilies;  Lead and manage a cross functional team (including external contractors) providing Capital Project validation services and expertise for GxP regulated activities across the site.  Manage and deliver specific Validation Projects for capital equipment according to the business priorities of the division.  Manage the commissioning and qualification of new capital equipment/facilities to be used for GxP activities.  Manage interim Validation Specialists to deliver projects on time and in line with regulatory expectations.  Review and approve validation documentation to ensure it meets internal and regulatory requirements  Manage the assigned budget within authority level. Overall the job holder will have experience of leadership and management of staff delivering GxP validation services Experience of generation/execution/oversight of validation protocols and reports for the full system lifecycle with regards equipment, cleaning validation, performance qualification and process validation and where necessary Computer System Validation Substantial practical experience of working within a GMP quality system ideally in a commercial environment Experience of dealing with internal customers, identifying and delivering work programmes, reporting progress, dealing with issues to ensure customer satisfaction. This is an exciting opportunity to join a an established and high profile organistation at a senior management level. The role will offer a competitive salary and benefits package