Title: Extrusion Blow Moulding Technician
Webindex: 71183962
Company: MTrec
Description: The Company Our client, is a forward thinking and ever expanding manufacturing company, they currently use the latest techniques in fast paced manufacturing to supply high volume quality products. They are currently looking to recruit a full time Extrusion Blow Moulding Technician. This is a fantastic opportunity to become part of a great e ngineering team within an established and growing business. The Role To ensure that machinery is in safe working order after any adjustments or repairs. Assist in writing new engineering procedures, setup sheets, SOP’s and instruction documents. Prioritising the workload and informing management of issues as they arise. Carry out engineering tasks as directed by the shift supervisor e.g. tool changes, planned preventative maintenance work, continuous improvement programs etc. Ensure the mould and engineering stores are kept in a satisfactory and well organised manor. Focus and drive on the departments production figures, ensure machine are running efficiently. To locate and repair any faults causing production machinery to stop or run incorrectly. To assist in the training of new staff, ensuring that they are introduced and familiarised with any machinery with which they have not previously dealt with. Responsible for ensuring your work area complies with GMP (good manufacturing practice). To carry out periodical safety checks on machine guards and interlocks, making safe and reporting any possible hazards To ensure breakdowns are efficiently resolved within appropriate timescales. The Person Ideally we are looking for someone who has mechanical knowledge and experience setting up machines for Blow Moulding (Extrusion). We would also be most interested in candidates that have worked with the hot foil printing aspect of Extrusion Blow Moulding, however on the job training can be provided to the individual. You will have previous plastics experience and capable of providing an effective and efficient multiskilled service for the blow moulding department. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ExtrusionBlowMouldingTechnician_job****