Title: Production Manager, Solidworks, FMEA, CNC, EdgeCam, Solidworks
Webindex: 69966134
Company: JJ FOX
Description: Keywords: Production, Management, Production Management, CNC, Manufacturing, Edgecam, Solidworks, Syspro, Six Sigma, Cause and Effect, FMEA, ISO 9001, Pareto, Tooling. jjFOX are currently seeking an Experienced Production Manager to work a **** month fixed term contract within a successful Hampshire based Engineering Company on an hourly rate of **** The Successful applicant will be working closely with the present foreman and will have direct responsibility for the factories machining staff. To be considered for this role you must: Be qualified to a level of HND or equivalent. Have practical experience in Machining and wide experience in manufacturing processes. Possess strong and diplomatic management skills, as well as an ability to communicate effectively with staff of all levels. Proven ability in Decision making, working under pressure and achieving set targets and deadlines. Experience working in an ISO 9001 environment. A proficiency in some relevant CNC, Design and Microsoft software. Desirable skills would include: Knowledge of Edgecam, Solidworks and Syspro Experience in manufacturing processes such as, Six Sigma, Cause and Effect, FMEA, Pareto etc. An ability to advise staff on tooling An ability to mentor and train staff in general Use of Inspection equipment Previous Experience holding responsibility for the H&S of a working factory. The successful applicant will have a broad experience of the experience highlighted above as well as a general ability and enthusiasm for keeping up with the every day running of a busy engineering factory. The successful Manager will be expected to over see and monitor all aspects of the factory floor, working alongside the Human Resources and Administration departments to ensure all operations run smoothly. It is also expected of the Product ion manager to undertake cost, health and safety and productivity inspections on a regular basis, communicating all findings back to senior management in regular meetings. The client is offering a highly competitive rate of **** per hour as well as the stability of a **** month fixed term contract. For the right production manager, this is a great opportunity to work within a thriving engineering company, gaining valuable experience beneficial to any CV. If you feel you have the experience and leadership skills to fulfil this requirement, please send your CV in Word format to: Luke Smith (Apply online only) Keywords: Design Manager, Tooling Manager, Production Manager, FMEA, Tooling, CNC