Title: Mechanical Pressure Engineer Surveyor
Webindex: 68061365
Company: Pioneer Selection
Description: Overview: A leading engineering inspection organisation is recruiting for a number of Engineer Surveyors throughout the UK. Working a specific geographical patch and designated clients to service, this is an excellent opportunity to build a career in a specialised field. The Company: Our client is a leading engineering inspection organisation that has been established since the early **** th Century. They have offices in a number of worldwide locations and boast over **** employees. Our client has built up long standing relationships with large multinational companies as well as small local businesses. They are consistently winning new clients from their competitors and invest serious capital in making sure their Surveyors are the best within the industry. The Role of a Mechanical Pressure Engineer Surveyor: As an Engineer Surveyor you will be given a number of designated clients to service within a geographical patch. The ideal candidate will be required to inspect various pieces of equipment and make sure they are working to various health and safety, quality and environmental issues. You will be required to recommend solutions to potential issues that may arise from the machinery and ensure follow up appointments are adhered to. Key Skills: The ideal candidate must ideally hold at least an ONC / HNC or HND in mechanical engineering and have a solid work history of working on relevant equipment. Equipment that you would have needed to work on is Steam and Pressure, which can range from Boilers to Coffee Machines. You must be able to communicate effectively and efficiently, and ideally completed some inspection duties in previous roles. Applicants from any engineering background are very suitable, especially the Army, Navy or RAF. Benefits: Car or Car Allowance, Bonuses, Life Assurance, Pension Salary: Basic ****  **** Commutable from: Harrow, Middlesex; Watford, Hertfordshire; Enfield, Middlesex; Slough, Berkshire. Aberdeen, Aberdeenshire; Whitehaven, Cumbria. Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a: Maintenance Engineer, Service Technician, Team Leader, Maintenance Supervisor, Field Service Engineer, Mechanical Engineer If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Alternatively for further details contact Andrew McFarlane Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MechanicalPressureEngineerSurveyor_job****