Title: Chief Engineer Aerostructures
Webindex: 69690845
Company: Matchtech
Description: World leading Aerospace Engineering business requires Chief Engineer on a permanent basis Our client is a leading Engineering company with a huge Aerospace Engineering business in the UK and across Europe / overseas. They require a Chief Engineer on a permanent basis, to be situated in the main at its Bristol offices. Summary : Leadership role as the Technical Expert / Chief Engineer on assigned Design and Build Aerostructures Programmes. Key responsibilities : • Ensuring Product Design and Technical Specifications comply with all the Regulatory Authorities and Customer requirements in the Statement of Work. • Responsible to lead and hold internal and customer Design Reviews and be the technical interface with the customer. • Developing innovative design solutions by challenging people and processes. Finding solutions in the products using Technologies and Design capabilities. • Manage and develop customer Relationships and develop new business opportunities through Engineering Capability • Accountable to report on programmes budget, schedule and costs against the technical status. To coordinate tasks in Team, monitor and report on engineering delivery performance, ensure tasking is completed to time, cost and quality. • Provide engineering support and data input to other functions within GKN, such as: Commercial, Programmes, Operations, Manufacturing and contract reviews within the company. Role dimensions : • To give Engineering teams direction and operational leadership. Technical Leadership for the Programme will be your responsibility. • The Engineering Team size will be dependent on programme, however will be from between **** – **** Design Engineers, permanent and contract staff. • You will be fully responsible for all Technical decisions on engineering related design issues and approving the design / analysis solutions. Detailed Responsibilities : • Leadership of a multidisciplined Engineering team in the delivery of engineering programmes, including the supervision of a team of engineers, distributing tasks appropriately. • Ability to manage the customer requirements, engineering schedule, engineering deliverables and budget whilst controlling the product configuration and managing the customer expectations. • Working with a team to create the engineering definition for each of the key design reviews necessary to validate the product solution against the Technical Specification. • Management of drawing release and engineering change notes. • Achieving delivery to time cost and quality. • Provide engineering input to technical, commercial and contract reviews within the company and with customers. • Ensure that all project stakeholders have the right information at the right time, through proactive communication. • Supporting the team through individual progress reviews, providing feedback, managing performance and conduct issues. • Lead and support the development of an Engineering team. • Identify training and development needs to ensure current and future skill requirements are met and addressed through coaching, on the job training and making recommendations for formal training. • Liaise with internal departments to ensure that the team is working to the correct specifications (e.g. Quality). • Liaising with customers at the working level in order to meet their requirements. • Managing workload of self and others to ensure tasking completed to schedule. • Reporting on Programmes progress, technical status, coordinate tasks in Team, monitor and report on engineering delivery performance. • Preparing reports for customer. Relationship map : • Internal Contacts • Chief Engineering and Airworthiness • Senior Managers and Engineers • Team members, including employees and subcontract staff • Colleagues • External Contacts such as Customer Managers / Senior Engineers You will have : • Extensive expertise in aerospace engineering with experience in designing, developing, and manufacturing in metallics and composites. • Sound background in managing complex engineering projects. • Ability to develop technical solutions, compliant with requirements within agreed programmes and timescales. • Knowledge of processing methods for metallic and composites. • Proactive with regard to new developments in the area of expertise. • Innovative toward all aspects of the job. • Good reporting skills on project status and progress. • Experience of Aerospace Materials, Processes and Assembly. • Knowledge of Aero Performance, Component Design, Product knowledge. In Service experience an advantage. • Design and stressing criteria for Aerostructure Components • Experience of configuration control and project management. • Experience of dealing with customers and suppliers. This is an excellent opportunity to step into a job where you will have the infrastructure and support to improve efficiencies of an Engineering team as well as develop new business and revenue streams. New technologies and ideas will be explored, and you will have the resources to allow you to develop exciting engineering solutions. Whether you're a Chief Engineer who wants more opportunity, or a Lead Engineer who wants to step up responsibilities / career path please do get in touch to discuss. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.