Title: QEC Outfit Coordinator (QEC Project)
Webindex: 70215271
Company: Otj Recruitment
Description: QEC Outfit Coordinator  prepare detailed plans and maintain Outfit information for the QEC project  provide reports and plans  based Rosyth  salary c****  ****K We are looking for a QEC Outfit Coordinator to prepare detailed plans and maintain Outfit information for the QEC project Candidates for the position of QEC Outfit Coordinator (QEC Project) must be able to understand objectives, improve efficiency and provide reports and plans that identify Lockout issues, the Installation Sequence and RequiredinYard dates for all BoM items for the QEC project. You must also be able to prepare detailed plans and equipment reports in conjunction with the Outfit Manager and within a team environment i.e. Engineering, Production and Procurement Day to day duties of the QEC Outfit Coordinator (QEC Project) will include:  Assisting the Outfit Manager to identify all parts and equipment associated with the Project and record procedures and rule sets  Creating BoMs & detailed planning information, sequence plans and schedules  Identifying parts and equipment considered to be LockOut and proposing solutions to mitigate during the build and/or assembly processes.  Assisting with the development of the WBS and reports/tables that identify build/assembly venue, work/outfit pack codes, requiredinyard (RIY) dates and discipline for all parts and equipment.  Liaising with Engineering and Estimating teams during the planning phase.  Liaising with the Scheduling team to ensure the installation plan is reflected accurately on timeline schedules.  Updating BoM information and making comparisons between Engineering and SDE outputs.  Liaising with IPs and SubContractors to establish scopes of work with respect to parts and equipment.  Maintaining a master Compartment List that identifies integration compartments and is aligned with current GA drawings.  Being involved in the development of processes, systems and initiatives and Health, Safety, Security and Environmental matters.  Attending meetings. OTJ specialises in engineering and engineering related positions. We are currently looking for Project Managers and Engineers, designers, draughts people, Mechanical, electrical and Electronics Design engineers and draughts people, service engineers, sales engineers, avionics engineers and buyers All candidates should have the unrestricted right to live and work in the UK This vacancy is advertised by Otj Recruitment Ltd. The services advertised are those of an employment agency