Title: Mechanical Design Engineer (Medical)
Webindex: 72446243
Company: Gold Group Ltd.
Description: A product design consultancy is looking for a Mechanical Design Engineer with ideally ****5 years relevant experience to invent and develop new (mainly medical) products for their UK and international client base. the role is based in West London and pays ****  **** per day for 6 months. This role is not only about mechanical design; you will interact with their team of design researchers, human science specialists, industrial designers, modelmakers and other engineering specialists  all working together to achieve a holistic view of the need that the new product is aiming to fulfil. Your key activities would include: Create technical concepts supported by engineering analysis (hand calculations and computer simulation) and technology research as required Translate ideas into detailed designs using ****D CAD modelling and sketches for internal and client review Design proofofprinciple rigs, experimenting and testing for performance verification and optimisation Interfacing to manufactures and suppliers to ensure designs can be robustly transferred to production Generate and control report, drawing and other documentation Presentation of preliminary and final deliverables to clients Work within their established development framework for quality, project management, and technical design to ensure delivery of robust design solutions in agreed timeframe. Key requirements are: Ideally 1st or ****:1 degree in Mechanical engineering from a leading university Ability to be creative, logical and practical with a keen interest in technology Experience in some of the following areas: mechanism design, mechatronics , engineering analysis (static, dynamic, fluids and structural including FEA) Versed in design requirements for manufacturing processes such as injection moulding, sheet metal fabrication, casting, and CNC machining 3D CAD modelling (Solidworks or ProEngineer) ideally with some surfacing experience Excellent written and verbal skills to confidently present to clients This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK's leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we've got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business. Please be aware that we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised and regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MechanicalDesignEngineerMedical_job****