Title: Bid Risk Manager  Major Bids
Webindex: 69081506
Company: Electus Recruitment Solutions
Description: Title:Bid Risk Manager  Major Bids Salary:DOE Location:Bristol, South West Job Type:Permanent Job ID:MF/HQ**** Our Client Our client is a national market leader in the fields of defence and nuclear engineering and enjoys the backing of a large international group. As a design and manufacturing specialist, the client has the capability to take an idea, develop the design, build and manufacture the product. Role description The tasks include supporting the bid manager in capturing and assessing risks and opportunities. Specifically this includes (but is not limited to): Develop and maintain risk registers. Undertaking risk reviews across all work streams Monitoring and reporting progress through written reports or presentations Develop risk templates and procedures Required Experience /Qualification /Attributes: The successful Bid Risk Manager will have a good positive outlook, be highly motivated to achieve results, have strong organisational skills, be a good and confident communicator and be comfortable working under pressure. They must be able to work across disciplines and Business Units. The successful candidate will have significant experience in a similar role assessing risk on proposal preparation / project management. Experience working with Primavera or similar risk tools. Security The successful candidate will need to satisfy Ministry of Defence security requirements. In the first instance, candidates should send us their CV, clearly stating salary expectations, location preferences and availability. Electus Recruitment Solutions provides specialist engineering and technical recruitment solutions to a number of high technology industries. We thank you for your interest in this vacancy. If you don t hear from us within **** working days please presume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. You are of course free to submit your CV/details in the future and we shall assess your suitability at that time. Services advertised by Electus Recruitment Solutions are those of an Agency.Electus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy