Title: Senior Design Engineer
Webindex: 56292849
Company: The Selection Partnership Ltd
Description: My client is a designer and manufacturer of commercial vehicles and they are currently seeking an experienced Design Engineer. You will carry out mechanical / production design using CAD, primarily dealing with chassis conversions.  Experience using AutoCAD is essential for this role.  The ability to design and create ****D and ****D drawings must be a strong draughtsman and will be required to create and modify ****D models using AutoCAD.  Experience of designing light/ medium sheet metal work, and light/ medium and heavy metal fabrications is essential.  Identifying customer requirements/ specifications, reproducing these into concept design, then onto production (planning, scheduling, manufacturing and advising on parts purchasing).  Proven ability of being a self motivated engineer, ideally from a small team background  Any metalbased experience within a design environment is essential.  Perform stress analysis to ensure the integrity of product designs (not essential).  Full project life cycle experience, being able to liaise with customers, from initial concept through to manufacturing  Experience with low volume manufacturing is essential.  Hydraulics knowledge essential, pneumatic & electrical knowledge is an advantage.  Experience of compiling bills of Materials  A commitment to producing 'right first time' quality work is also essential.  Build good relationships with shop floor colleagues and advise/support them in the production process. You will have / be:   Excellent organisation, time management and planning skills.  Highly motivated.  Thorough attention to detail.  Excellent communication skills both face to face and telephone.  Good listening and questioning skills.  Ability to remain calm and professional in a busy working environment.  Ability to work on own initiative.  Computer literate (Excel, Word, PowerPoint).  Confident manner  A smart appearance. Good supporting qualifications would also be advantageous. Somebody with experience in the design of skips, tankers, tipper etc would be of great interest to the client.