Title: Service Engineer (Powered Access)
Webindex: 69556818
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Excellent role on offer for an experienced Service Engineer looking to join an expanding market leading company where you will gain excellent training and job security. Are you from a Powered Access background, looking to work for UK's number one Powered Access rental company? Service Engineer (Powered Access) Stoke on Trent Excellent role on offer for an experienced Service Engineer looking to join an expanding market leading company where you will gain excellent training and job security. Are you from a Powered Access background, looking to work for UK&x2019 s number one Powered Access rental company? This Company are a market leader in the sale and service of Plant and Powered Access equipment and due to winning some substantial new contracts with an impressive range of blue chip clients they are therefore looking for an experienced Field Service Engineer. The role will be 100% field based, servicing all of the Access equipment that has been rented to a wide range of clients. You shall be servicing all equipment throughout the Staffordshire Area. This is a fantastic opportunity to work for a company that can offer exceptional levels of product specific training with a genuine opportunity to progress to a management level. The role shall involve planned maintenance and breakdowns on a variety of powered access and plant products. You shall be trained heavily, and the ideal candidate shall already come from a Powered Access background. The Role:  Working on Powered Access kit  Site Based  Training and Progression  ****'**** per Annum  Lots of Overtime ( ****k OTE)  Van  5 Weeks Holiday  Benefits The Person:  Mechanical and Electrical skills  Shall be motivated by training and progression  Ideally have hydraulics experience and ideally plant experience  Must have excellent communication skills. Service, engineer, plant, pneumatics, hydraulics, Excavators, Fork Lift Truck, JCB's, Diggers, Construction, lifts, tail lifts, mechanical, electrical, powered access, forklift, Boom, Scissor This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed.