Title: Scientist, Chemistry  6 Month Contract  Cambridge
Webindex: 68586425
Company: Additional Resources
Description: Scientist, Chemistry  Temporary 6 Month Contract  Display Technology Laboratory  Cambridge : Salary c ****K  Benefits Company This company is a leading developer of technologies based on polymer light emitting diodes (POLED’s) offering an outstanding opportunity to be part of a dynamic environment where your contribution will earn full recognition and reward. POLED’s are designed for use in the latest generation of electronic displays and in lighting products, offering many advantages over the liquid crystal displays (LCD’s) and plasma displays now used in flat panel televisions. The company is the originator of polymer based OLED’s and has a heritage with a direct line back to the original discovery of organic electroluminescence from polymers at Cambridge University. Job Purpose To improve the performance of CDT POLED materials by designing and preparing new polymers to a high quality with excellent record keeping. Must be prepared to understand device chemistry and physics as they relate to light emitting polymer (LEP) based displays. To support other members of the research team, support the company’s H&S program and assist with the daytoday running of the laboratories. Knowledge/Experience/Skills Required Chemistry PhD or equivalent in industrial or academic environment. Excellent synthetic practical laboratory experience. Computer literacy is essential. Familiarity with Windows and Microsoft Office products and chemical drawing packages will be advantageous. In addition, the following attributes are required Strong teamplaying skills and the ability to operate in multidisciplinary/crossfunctional team An ability to work unsupervised for long periods without losing touch with the aims of the team. Strong organisation skills, good time management and attention to detail. Strong communication skills across scientific disciplines. A calm and methodical approach to work during busy periods. Ability to work on several batches of work simultaneously without loss of efficiency or productivity. An ability to solve technical problems under one’s own initiative, tempered with a willingness to seek expert assistance when required. An ability to react quickly and positively to changing priorities and unexpected demands in a dynamic and changing environment. Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines. An ability to communicate effectively results, the synthetic chemistry limitations and the requirements necessary for success. Knowledge of polymers and relevant analytical techniques would be useful. Good interpersonal skills, including the ability to communicate effectively at all levels and able to report back results accurately and in a timely manner. The role includes making presentations to internal groups. Maintain confidentiality of Company data and third party information. Main Activities Identification, development, successful synthesis and characterisation of new and existing polymer systems. Perform simple and complex synthetic organic chemistry transformations on small and large scale as required. Preparation polymers to a high standard, to accurately proposed & agreed timescales, with high quality documentation and reporting. Full characterization of all polymers as appropriate highlight anomalies in results. Write, initiate and lead high quality focused studies/mini projects with sound scientific hypothesis to deliver upon R&D targets to agreed timescales. Write, initiate, adapt and follow scientific procedures and protocols. Prepare results in a timely and accurate manner in the required format (written, verbal, formal presentation). Communicate effectively with synthetic chemists, material scientists, and project leaders. Responsibility for maintaining a tidy and efficient laboratory environment and for ensuring health and safety standards are met and maintained. A good track record of safe working in a laboratory environment, perform safety, COSHH and risk assessments of all chemical processes. Functional duties as required. Package The company offers a competitive salary and benefits package including 27 days holiday, private health and dental care, life assurance and pension scheme. To apply please send a CV (in Word format), along with the following information in either the body of your email or in a covering letter: (any applications not providing the requested information will not be considered) Indicate your salary expectations taking into account the salary range offered (c ****k). Your Nationality & Visa status (the validity of your visa i.e. when does it expire and the type of visa), answer if applicable. Your availability to start work. You must be eligible to live and work in the UK to be considered for this role. Your application will be reviewed by Additional Resources, however please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised & regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 28 days if you are selected for interview. Additional Resources Ltd is an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses Regulations ****ey words : Chemistry PhD : Device Chemistry & Physics : Polymer Light Emitting Diodes : Synthetic Practical Laboratory Experience : Synthesis and Characterisation of New and Existing Monomer and Polymer Systems : Simple and Complex Synthetic Organic Chemistry Transformations : Preparation of Monomers and Polymers : Characterization of Monomers and Intermediates : Computer Literacy Essential : Familiarity with Windows and Microsoft Office Products : Chemical Drawing Packages Advantageous.