Title: Process Engineer
Webindex: 39896292
Company: Rullion Engineering Ltd
Description: Job Title  Process Engineer Location  Warrington Salary  ****  39,000 Minimum Requirements: Working towards Chartered Engineer status. Full driving licence and willingness to travel. Meet the requirements for security clearance in the UK. Job Description: Our Client is a leading global provider of multidisciplinary environmental and engineering consulting services, which improve both the built and natural environment. Due to growth within our Nuclear Power business, we are currently recruiting for Process Engineers to join us in Warrington. As a Process Engineer in our Warrington office, you will undertake process engineering design activities. At this level you will have direct contact with clients and contractors. We seek applications, from talented engineers, with experience in Process Engineering within regulated industries such as the nuclear sector. You will ideally be a Chemical Engineer actively working towards achieving Chartered Engineer status; have a background in nuclear decommissioning design or operations and be looking to make a career move where your engineering experience can be used to make a real difference to the decommissioning and cleanup of nuclear facilities. Our Client is a growing and vibrant organisation offering excellent benefits and employment conditions. We are committed to your individual career development and are proud to be able to offer a range of exciting projects as well as a variety of career directions for all our staff. Person Specification  Degree.  Working towards Chartered Engineer status.  A minimum of 5 years recent design experience including at least **** year in the nuclear sector or other highly regulated sector.  Experience in most stages of engineering projects, from concept through to commissioning and demonstrating a record of successful delivery to the required quality, budget and programme.  Competent in the production of standard deliverables and design calculations.  Ability to check the deliverables/calculations produced by other engineers in the team.  Knowledge of relevant laws, regulations, processes and procedures.  Knowledge of relevant design tools, techniques and related methods e.g. IT systems, HAZOP process etc.  Excellent written and oral communication skills.  Full driving licence and willingness to travel.  Meet the requirements for security clearance in the UK. In return, you ll benefit from:  Competitive salary and benefits package including:  Flexible working arrangements  Wellbeing provisions  Generous holiday entitlement  Continual exposure to challenging and exciting opportunities within the business  Training and development opportunities