Title: Engineering/Technical Manager Manchester
Webindex: 72490397
Company: Oxygen Resourcing
Description: Recruitment Manager  Engineering / Technical Recruitment Up to &pound****k basic (dependent on exp) bonus benefits Manchester Joining a phenomenally successful team as recruitment manager, specialising in a variety of specialist recruitment sectors, with coverage across the UK, an exciting opportunity to join a growing independent business. THE CLIENT: My client is a corporate, professional recruitment consultancy who have an excellent reputation for quality and an ethical environment. An independent who are profitable even in a tough climate, they have a reputation for working ethically and retaining their client base through working closely and efficiently. THE ROLE: The business have an established engineering and technical recruitment business in Leeds and are looking to replicate this in their Manchester office. The role is to build the business through new business development alongside building a team and growing this. There is budget in place to start the division with a head count of **** growing further once up and running. REQUIRED EXPERIENCE: Recruitment experience, engineering or technical. The ability to work to targets with an entrepreneurial flair and the ability to work with autonomy, the directors of the business offer support when necessary but dont suffocate their consultants/managers with micro management. Package and Benefits:  Basic up to &pound****k OTE &pounduncapped  dependent upon experience  Excellent commission structure  Opportunity for progression  Numerous benefits Please contact Sharon Leonard at Oxygen Resourcing Ltd for further information. We will endeavour to respond to all applications, however, if you do not hear from us within 10 days please deem your application unsuccessful. Oxygen Resourcing recruit for all levels of recruitment roles including Junior Recruitment Consultants, Senior Recruitment Consultants, Recruitment Branch Managers, Recruitment Directors&nbsp APPLY NOW