Title: Estimator  Swindon
Webindex: 70675807
Company: Randstad
Description: Infrastructure Projects relaunched as a regionallybased business unit of our Rail client from April 2012. In addition to four regional delivery units (current work includes Crossrail and the redevelopment of King Cross station); its scope includes a national Signalling division, Thameslink, and the Railway Communication System programmes. Its remit is the efficient delivery of renewals and enhancements on our railway through professional control and management of capital projects. Infrastructure Projects is aligned closely to our Rail clients ten routes to give better coordination across the business and to deliver capital projects efficiently and at best value. Brief Vacancy Description Your role will allow you to become involved in supporting the business plan and programme teams in estimating preand postcontracts for all projects within your department. The advertised position will be working for the Wales and Western region of Infrastructure Projects. Although based in Swindon, being able to work out of the Bristol/Cardiff Offices on a regular basis would be advantageous. Using your experience as an estimator you will support the programme team by producing accurate and comprehensive estimates making sure that they are efficient and within the times scales given so that the programme teams can move forward with the projects they are working on. You will develop and promote estimating good practice within our rail clients and will refer to the Investment Competence Framework for further details of all core responsibilities, this will help you to control and manage the estimating process at project level. It s not necessary for you to have rail industry experience. In fact, what will set you apart is your motivation and natural flair for dealing with people at all levels. Do you have?  Qualified to a basic standard in Estimating or Quantity Surveying?  Relevant successful experience and the understanding of specific estimating and/or QS services?  An understanding of project management, planning, risk and investment processes?  Experience in the rail and/or civil engineering industries? Are you?  A membership of a relevant professional body with chartered status?  Ambition to progress within the organisation?  Educated to a degree level?  Confident in your ability to deliver within a designated time? With our National Rail client, you have the chance to develop a long, rewarding career. There are many different career paths  and many opportunities to fulfil your potential. After all, we believe that investing in our people via training and development is one of the most effective ways of improving the safety, reliability and efficiency of the railways. You can expect competitive pay, a bonus scheme and a choice of contributory pension schemes. We also offer a generous annual leave package, plus up to 75% discount on season rail tickets. The salary for this role is circa pound;****  pound;**** dependent on experience Please apply online. Please note the closing date for this vacancy is 4th January 2013 We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.