Title: Mechanical Design Development Engineer, ProEngineer  Cheshire
Webindex: 72295169
Company: System Recruitment
Description: Mechanical Design and Development Engineer, ProEngineer  Cheshire Job Type: Permanent Location: Cheshire Salary: upto **** Start Date: ASAP Duration: Permanent Benefits: Pension, Health, Life Assurance Reference: SenMechDDEngChes You will be working within an R&D department of a Global company in the high tech light electromechanical sector. As a Mechanical Design and Development Engineer, primarily using ProEngineer, you will be part of a team designing and developing major subassemblies for new products. Responsibilities ?Develop new products or redesign existing products using good engineering practice ?Work to schedule and cost targets ?Manage small projects or subset of a larger one ?Incorporate a broad understanding of manufacturing processes into the design work ?Develop testing plans that challenges and proves the design of the subassembly ?Generate new concepts for products and subcomponents ?Define, set up, carry out and interpret testing as appropriate. ?Use ProEngineer to create and develop designs ?Generate detailed documentation and drawings as required ?Coordinate project tasks across diverse functional groups within engineering ?Maintain up to date knowledge of relevant technology and engineering practice, aiming to be the local expert on at least one area of importance to the business ?Provide information and advice for inclusion in Operating Manuals, Service Manuals, Sales literature and Training materials. Minimum Requirements/Qualifications: Degree or equivalent in mechanical engineering or similar field preferred. Good experience of design is essential in high tech light mechanical engineering. Solid experience of ProEngineer. The role will suit individuals currently working as a Mechanical Design and Development Engineer, Draughtsman, Design Engineer, and living within a commutable distance of Chester, Warrington, Wirral, Birkenhead, St Helens, Manchester, Stockport, Liverpool or willing to relocate. With over 20 years of experience System Recruitment offers excellence in Permanent and Contract recruitment in a wide range of industry sectors. Though we are a generalist agency, a particular strength of ours lies in Information Technology including Technical, Sales and Managerial positions. We are able to tailor our approach to your needs in order to work effectively with you and provide real value.