Title: Manufacturing Engineer  Contract
Webindex: 65437781
Company: AES TECHNICAL & EXECUTIVE CONSULTANTS
Description: Position: Manufacturing Engineer Location: Wiltshire Salary: up to **** per hour If there’s something stopping you from achieving all you’re capable of, you’ll relish a role with a company that will positively encourage you to be proactive – a real opportunity to release your true potential . The Company: Our Client is a global medical technology company that serves healthcare institutions, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, industry and the general public. Our client manufactures and sells a broad range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment and diagnostic products The Role: Employed as a Manufacturing Engineer, your main duties will include providing engineering support and solutions for process improvements, installation / validation of new and current equipment and processes, and technical handson troubleshooting / maintenance support to meet business objectives. Key responsibilities include but are not limited to: Support production activities to meet budgeted outputs for quality, volumes and waste levels. Monitor machine performance / breakdowns and provide engineering solutions and process improvements where necessary to improve performance. Provide support in specification, design and purchasing of new equipment. Provide support in the installation / validation of new equipment and processes. Ensure spare parts for new equipments are identified and spares list within the PM module of SAP system is updated accordingly. Fully document trials, validations, process conditions etc, and work in accordance with internal procedures, GMP and external regulatory requirements. Maintain and ensure safe working conditions / environments for self and others in accordance with GMP and company guidelines. To provide training support for Associates working within the manufacturing areas. The Person: Candidates suitable for consideration should be able to provide evidence of the following: A HND / Degree in Mechanical Engineering (or similar) Minimum Three years experience within high volume automated manufacturing environment PLC programming experience Cleanroom / GMP experience You will be self motivated, have excellent communication skills both written and oral, be computer literate, and able to work as part of a team. Do you have the courage to take on this challenge? This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ManufacturingEngineerContract_job****