Title: Electrical Team Leader (Vehicle Design)
Webindex: 71125929
Company: Genesis Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: As an Engineering Project Team Lead, you will lead project teams to solve complex, global technical problems or create critical components and systems. You will manage the planning and delivery of projects, continually learn and stay abreast of innovative technology, mentor and coach enterprise team members, and deepen your professional network. Our Client is dedicated to the assembly of small construction machines, typically used on building and construction sites  Backhoe Loaders, Mini Hydraulic Excavators and Compact Wheel Loaders. The Role: To successfully lead the BHL perceptions, and can cause an evolutionary change in technology. Significant challenges of this position are working with people: enhancing the team s creativity; facilitating the team s cooperation; clearly communicating the requirements and tasks, while gaining input from the team on refinement of same; translating both verbal and nonverbal information from the customer, management and team members. Act as spokesperson for the electrical team in meetings with multiple levels of management and with the customer. Develop good networks to enable them to obtain resources and cooperation needed, and remove roadblocks so that they can insure the success of their team. May be called upon to give input to performance reviews for team members and should work closely with the Electrical Systems Supervisor regarding the coaching and performance of individuals. Job Duties/Responsibilities may include, but are not limited to: Provide technical guidance on needs analysis and initiate ideas. Communicate results to global customers, suppliers, team members, and other business units. Lead global teams in the design of new products, processes, components, and systems Complete projects on time and on cost. Acknowledge and raise customers and management s awareness of tradeoffs between time, resources and quality. Key areas of responsibility encountered in the role can be summarised as: Planning and managing the job/project(s). Managing the business/financial aspects of the job or project(s). Providing a supportive work environment for the team  mentoring, coaching and developing others and managing one s own development. You will also work closely with the Cab s degree (or equivalent) in an accredited Engineering discipline, or relevant work experience. Strong analytical skills. Technical Knowledge. Proven project leadership skills. Desired: Good communication, interpersonal and collaboration skills. Prior NPI Project or Program Experience. Strong Electrical System / Component Development or Design Experience. Strong Knowledge of System / Component PFMEA, APQP, PPAP. Prior working experience with Project Management / ECO Workflow / ProE / Teamcenter. This vacancy is only available to Candidates with relevant experience as detailed in the job description. Due to volume of applications, we are unable to respond to applicants who do not possess the required skills and experience. Recent Graduates who do not have the required level of industry experience need not apply. Candidates must be authorised to work in the country where this role is located BEFORE making an application