Title: Forklift Service Engineer / Mechanic
Webindex: 71470622
Description: Our client is a leading and fast growing provider of maintenance support, services and hire of forklifts to commercial industry and business. An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Forklift Service Engineer / Mechanic to provide routine and emergency maintenance, service and support from the Ossett depot covering Yorkshire, the Humber and north Lincolnshire. With a background in vehicle mechanics, preferably with forklifts, the Forklift Service Engineer will be responsible for responding to customer service and breakdown calls as directed by the service administrator. nbsp;The majority of time will be spent on the road, working from the mobile workshop at the customer rsquo;s location. You will have the ability to swiftly and expertly diagnose and conduct the repair or service in a knowledgeable, friendly, courteous, and enthusiastic manner, to the highest standard. Hunt4Staff is operating as a recruitment advertising partner. nbsp; As such, every application will be passed directly to our client. nbsp; As a candidate, you can be confident your application will reach the recruiting decision maker. Your duties as a Forklift Service Engineer / Mechanic will include: Servicing and repair of forklifts as directed by the Service Administrator. Diagnosing the exact nature of each query and repair with a friendly, efficient, lsquo;cando rsquo; attitude. Complete a service report for each job. Report to Depot Manager. The ideal candidate will possess the following skills and qualities: Solid experience as a vehicle engineer or mechanic, preferably with forklifts. City amp; Guilds in mechanics or equivalent qualification. Be wellorganised, methodical and processdriven. Ability to think outside the box, adept at finding solutions. Good at managing own workload and able to cope with pressure. Present a professional image  be trustworthy, punctual and polite. Good team player. Salary and reward package: nbsp; pound;****  pound;**** per hour, depending on skills and experience. Overtime.