Title: Graduate Embedded Software Engineer
Webindex: 55409542
Company: Enterprise Recruitment Ltd
Description: Our client is looking for a high achieving Graduate Embedded Software Engineer to join their multidisciplinary team working on major development projects. The graduate software engineer will be responsible for developing software for a range of innovative product applications for clients from various markets. We are looking for a confident communicator with an entrepreneurial attitude. The ideal graduate will be methodical and able to develop systems and structures. You will have an ability to demonstrate evidence of understanding the value of work undertaken and be keen to aim for big achievements. This is an excellent opportunity for a graduate to join a technical consultancy that`s having fun and going places Essential requirements:  1st or ****:1 degree in Computer Science, Electronic Engineering  C++ or C knowledge within Embedded Systems  Structured software design knowledge  Embedded development exposure  Appreciation of test methodologies  Able to work as part of a small team to an aggressive timescale and with strict attention to detail is essential  Be self motivated and accustomed to getting on with tasks with a thirst for new technologies and using the best tools for the job.  The ability to demonstrate a hobby or interest with a practical or technical relevance. Desirable:  Linux and other OS experience  Control theory and basic electronics knowledge Benefits include a competitive salary, performance related bonus, 12% non contributory pension scheme, private healthcare and 25 days holiday plus statutory holidays.  Position: Graduate Embedded Software Engineer Location: Cambridge Salary: ****k Key Skills: C++ or C, embedded development, structured design, test Desirable skills: basic electronics, Qt, QML, Apply: jamie AT enterpriserecruitment DOT com  If you don`t fit this requirement exactly but are interested in this type of work feel free to email a CV as you may be suitable for similar positions we are recruiting for. I specialise in recruiting software engineers for electronics and technology companies throughout the UK. graduate embedded software engineer