Title: Change Manager (Strategy)  South Yorksh
Webindex: 66743533
Description: Change Manager (Strategy)  South Yorkshire  45,000 My client in South Yorkshire has created a new role within the Strategic Development area of their business. The business is undergoing a big transformation so this is a fantastic opportunity to play a key role in driving the business forward. One of the main accountabilities of the role will be to define what products and services they take to market. This will include looking at the cost strategy, defining propositions for business and process change and having an understanding of the commercial terms. To be successful in this role, you must have previous experience of preparing detailed business cases and be comfortable with complex business environments. You will also have the ability to effectively share and communicate ideas to a range of internal stakeholders. You will also need to have the following: Previous experience of designing complex business solutions as part of a dynamic department with business wide interaction. Previous experience of presenting new service delivery models and scenarios and communicating with a broad range of internal departments / stakeholders. Previous experience of designing and specifying new service offerings Ability to empathise with customers in order to design solutions that deliver both operational efficiencies and enhanced customer experience. Candidates who have experience within the retail or utilities sectors are encouraged to apply, as are those with any experience within managed services. To Apply: Please apply with your latest CV to be considered for this position and/or contact Samantha Wilkinson at Rullion directly for further details. Rullion Computer Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy Contact: This job is brought to you by Technojobs. To apply, please click the Technojobs Logo above or this link: http://www.technojobs.co.uk/job.phtml/****?utm_sourcefeed&utm_mediumaggregator&utm_campaignjobwarehouse Hours: