Title: Electrical, Control & Instrument Engineer
Webindex: 71344876
Company: Fircroft
Description: Our Client is an American owned small batch specialist chemical manufacturing company based in Teesside. PURPOSE OF JOB Provide support to site Operations in line with production demands and business goals for all Instrument, Process Control and Electrical issues. Uphold existing related site standards for compliance with current legislation and requirements for a toptier COMAH listed speciality chemical manufacturer. Deliver EC&I strategy to aid Operational Excellence and enhance plant operating efficiency within budget constraints. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES HEALTH, SAFETY & ENVIRONMENT Provide guidance and leadership to ensure that all EC&I based activities are carried out as per legislative and site standards. Contribute to site based HAZOPS, HAZIDS and LOPA exercises ensuring that advice and guidance is delivered that meet best practice and considers best available technology. Provide regular inhouse refresher training for Instrument and Electrical technicians. Participate in and be part of the site Emergency Response team Proactively engage the site safety programme ENGINEERING Ensure existing installations are maintained and modified to current statutory, regulatory and company standards. Ensure that design of new Instrument, Electrical and Control based installations meet UK and site standards. Management, sourcing of top up and supervision of EC&I contractor personnel Sourcing of EC&I related equipment and spares. Cost management for EC&I related budgetary requirements. Manage capital projects and associated budgets and deliver on time and in full. Identify capital requirements and produce EC&I design to satisfy them. Prepare EC&I engineering specifications for design/construction. Ensure all EC&I equipment has suitable and effective routine maintenance plans set up. Maintain all records for Instrumentation, Electrical and Control installations. PRODUCTION Investigate production based problems as they arise and advise and manage remedial actions Eliminate repeat problems by tackling root causes of failure Participate and contribute in site based Lean manufacturing initiatives Prepare commissioning procedures and ensure new and modified plant and equipment is commissioned safely and effectively. Provide the necessary training documentation and instruction for use with new and/or modified control schemes. TEAMWORK Provide the EC&I engineering input to product, project and commissioning teams. Build interteam links to ensure that the needs of customers are identified and satisfied and business goals are met. Promote good working practices between Production, Engineering and Maintenance teams to ensure that business objectives are met. COMMUNICATION Develop and maintain effective communications and reporting systems within the recognised area of influence, and ensure that effective communications are extended between functions. Liaise with all members of the plant team to ensure the effective and timely exchange of technical information. Produce reports and presentations as necessary to satisfy monthly, quarterly and annual company reporting requirements and as requested. Attend operations meetings and other meetings as required. Liaise with suppliers and other third party providers to ensure equipment and resources are expedited as per the needs of the business. TRAINING Identify training needs for self and I/E maintenance team to maintain the required skills and knowledge to perform the job to the necessary standard. REPORTING RESPONSIBILITIES Reports to the Engineering Group Leader. Liaise with Production and Maintenance departments on priorities, equipment availability and plant performance. Report into and liaise with Corporate management and Engineering teams.