Title: Test Technician / Production / Electronics / PCB
Webindex: 72481903
Company: Meyer Scott Recruitment
Description: Our client was founded in **** has an established global reputation and presence. They enjoy as a turnover in excess of over 250m have about **** UK based employees and the average length of service 8.5 years. Having launched a brand new product range on 22nd November 2010, our client is well positioned for growth. They offer employment in a modern airconditioned environment with good benefits for permanent staff and plenty of opportunity for advancement. Where do I sign? As Test Technician you will configure and test the products produced by the manufacturing unit in accordance with company requirements of quality and delivery. Duties will include;  Working with the team to deliver Speed, Quality, Cost, H S and Morale team targets in line with budget and team targets.  Participating in the Mission Directed Work Team process.  Configuring products with options, software and ink as required by customer order.  Testing products in line with current procedures.  Fault finding electrical, mechanical and fluid systems to component level and carry out repairs as appropriate.  Monitoring personal time spend on fault finding and rectification.  Ensuring that the Team Leader is informed of any opportunities for product improvements.  Informing the Team Leader of any delays in test of products, which are likely to affect despatch to the customer.  Maintaining the highest levels of housekeeping in all work areas.  Participating in liaisons with other department of the company where appropriate to further corporate objectives.  Undertaking other duties where necessary as identified by the Team Leader  Dept. Manager. QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE Applicants should have an HNC in Engineering or equivalent and preferably at least 1 years test experience in similar environment. Alternatively, applicants could be considered without academic qualification but with a minimum of 3 years proven test experience. The successful candidate will be a good team player, well organised and with excellent problem solving skills. Applicants should also be prepared to work with solvents in an often unpleasant environment.