Title: Automotive Product Development Engineer
Webindex: 70035800
Company: RLE International
Description: RLE International Product Development has a number of engineering vacancies for Automotive Engineers with experience of new vehicle Product Development gained within an OEM or Tier **** supplier environment. Predominantly Contract positions, these positions will be based primarily in South Eastern or South and West Midlands areas of the UK. Occasionally there will be opportunities outside of the UK, usually Western Europe, but also Turkey. A Permanent Staff position within RLE or with one of our customers is also possible on occasions. Vacancies, contract or permanent, are for qualified (HNC or higher) Engineers with Product or Component development experience and will require relevant project engineering skills, supplier liaison, product release, costing/cost down and project delivery experience, combined with strong knowledge of PD processes. Unfortunately we do not have any requirements for CAD Design Engineers, on any CAD system at this time, though for many roles a level of CAD literacy is desirable. Typical areas of expertise currently required include: ? Project Engineers/Managers all disciplines other than Powertrain ? Body Engineers (Structures, Closures, Exterior Trim, Glass, Mechanisms) ? Chassis Engineers (Brakes, Steering, Suspension, Dampers, Wheels) ? Vehicle Dynamics, Ride & Handling ? Interior Trim (plastic parts in general), Seating, Restraints & Air Bags. ? Electronic Packaging ( Audio, Satnav, IT/Phone/Comms, Cooling/AC) ? Electronic Engineering (Sensors, In Car Entertainment, Clusters, Body Electronics, HMI) ? Electrical (Harness/Wiring/CAN) ? Test Engineer (not Technicians) for Performance, Planning, NVH, Squeak & Rattle, Acoustic ? Vehicle Safety (Crash performance) ? Costing/Costdown (Not Purchasing) working with suppliers do reduce component costs. Process Software, Systems and knowledge (Generally): FMEA, WERS, Problem Analysis, Fault Tree, CANalyzer, MOST, DIAdem, Madymo, NCAP, EuroNCAP, Catia. General Information: Given the outoftown location of RLE International and our customers, the need to travel offsite in many instances and the very nature of the industry, means that applicants should ideally hold a full Driving Licence and be car owner. Applicants must also be able to travel outside of the UK, for short periods, to any location as required of the job without restriction.