Title: CAD TECHNICIAN/ ESTIMATOR
Webindex: 69251056
Company: Gap Technical
Description: CAD TECHNICIAN/ ESTIMATOR ****  **** Exeter gap technical are proud to be representing this global manufacturing business in their search for a CAD Technician/ Estimator to work at their facility based near Exeter Our Client is an internationally recognised company and we hope you would want to be a part of their team. PERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES Main purpose:  Measure and develop the specification and estimate for UFH using the appropriate systems to provide bill of materials or estimates where necessary to the Project Sales or External Sales requirements.  Design the underfloor heating system to the specification agreed between Project Sales and client. Accountabilities:  Understand and interpret information gathered on the project by the Project sales person during the preorder negotiations.  Ensure the system specification and performance will work and can be installed as specified reporting back to the Post Sales team where specification can not be achieved.  Understand changes and developments in products and constructions.  Liaise with the internal and external underfloor heating sales staff and customers.  Manage a fluctuating workload, prioritising quotations as required  Contribute towards the continual improvement of company/team systems and procedures. PERSON SPECIFICATION Essential  Ability to work independently and within a team environment.  Flexibility and ability to deal with changing and challenging demands.  An ability to understand and use new technologies and products where they become relevant to the industry.  Excellent communication motivational skills. Desirable  Understand or have suitable qualifications in AutoCAD i.e. City and Guilds.  Understanding of the plumbing industry and in particular underfloor heating and an ability to understand and translate client drawings in line with system specifications. STILL INTERESTED? If you have any questions or are interested in any other opportunities we may have, please do not hesitate to contact Alex.Quegangappersonnel.com This vacancy is being advertised on behalf of gap technical who are operating as an employment business.