Title: Principal Consultant  Systems Engineering
Webindex: 70331808
Company: Resourcing Solutions
Description: My client, an internationally recognised engineering consultancy who is at the forefront of cutting edge technologies, seeks to employ a proven systems engineering professional in the role of Principal Consultant to lead a team of Systems Engineers in their Manchester office working within their transportation team. This opportunity of Principal Consultant will see you join a growing division who offer progressive and unique systems engineering services to their clients. This position would be ideal for any systems engineering professional who is looking to develop into a managerial/business leadership position. Duties amp; Responsibilities Reporting into the head of department, the Principal Consultant will lead and inspire a team of Systems Engineers on a variety of global flagship engineering programmes. You will support the growth of the team by taking part in recruitment campaigns to attract the best talent to the company accompanied with the development of staff ensuring technical excellence at all times. You will also play a key role in securing new programmes of work utilising your network of contacts within the industry. Requirements It is envisaged that you will have an engineering degree and ideally be chartered, but this is not essential. You will have experience within the systems engineering field, ideally within the transportation industry, and have a strong technical knowledge of the full project lifecycle. You will have strong communication skills and have the ability to communicate technical information to clients. For this role you will need strong skills in using DOORS and also MS Office packages. Package Offered This superb opportunity will see you join a leading engineering consultancy who offer a number of career development opportunities. This position attracts an excellent starting salary accompanied with 25 days holiday, pension scheme and other benefits such as gym membership, childcare vouchers, dental insurance etc. To Apply Please note that we can only accept applications from candidate who are currently eligible to live and work in the UK. To apply is easy, contact Oliver on **** **** **** to discuss further or, apply online.