Title: Process Development Manager  Food Production
Webindex: 71423602
Company: Macildowie Associates.
Description: THE OPPORTUNITY: A Food Manufacturing in Nottingham is looking to recruit a Process Development / Continuous Improvement Manager. In order to apply for this position you will need to have worked in a similar role within Food Manufacturing. This is a customer facing role leading the chilled process development department to deliver product launches from approval stage, ensuring that critical paths, product safety, product quality and business gross margin targets are met. THE ROLE AND YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES: You will be responsible for two high street food retailers and a key function of this role is to be responsible for the Technical Development of chilled products. You will take the lead role and drive projects from approved concept to the product launch, covering all the development stages, ensuring gross margins from the NPD team are maintained or improved upon, driving cost out of products and processes.  Coordinate and implement all raw material initiatives liasing with the site and central procurement teams.  Work closely with concept development, Technical and Procurement teams to ensure technical integrity of products, improve margin, minimise new raw materials and suppliers and assess suitability of packaging  Lead and coordinate a team of factory technologists ensuring that products can be accurately reproduced in the factory environment ensuring that developments are safe, legal and consistent with retailer guidelines m  Manage the Critical path internally and externally EXPERIENCE SOUGHT IN THE SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE:  Has worked in a Process Development or Continuous Improvement position within Food Production  Experiences in a customer facing technical/development or commercial role ideally with a strong track record of launching products.  Previous experience working with major UK retailers would be preferable.  Capable of managing, motivating and leading a team of technologists  Strong customer relationships, Confident, Innovative thinking and Challenges the status quo  Negotiating and influencing skills  Strong interpersonal skills NB: As a result of the volume of applications we may be unable to respond with individual feedback. If we have not contacted you within five working days your application has been unsuccessful. Macildowie is a specialist recruitment consultancy with a rich history of resourcing professionals in the areas of HR TRAINING, FINANCE, PROCUREMENT SUPPLY CHAIN and SALES MARKETING. With deep roots in the East Midlands our Consultants have an unrivalled understanding of the local market. Macildowie Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProcessDevelopmentManagerFoodProduction_job****