Title: Estimator / Quantity Surveyor – PreCast Concrete
Webindex: 68703643
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Estimator / Quantity Surveyor  PreCast Concrete East Midlands Up to **** Plus Pension, Healthcare, Travel Expenses Our client specialises in the design, supply and installation of a wide range of bespoke precast concrete products. They are currently looking to recruit an Estimator / Quantity Surveyor to join their team. This is the ideal role for a commercially astute estimator with experience in precast concrete to join an established and expanding market leader. Dealing with contractors across the UK working on bespoke contracts ranging **** to 2 million, as an Estimator / Quantity Surveyor you will be responsible for preparing quotations in line with customers' queries. You will be developing new business opportunities whilst nurturing lasting relationships with clients. Reporting to the Managing Director, you will manage contract costs through the order process from estimate stage to final account. Acting as the first point of contact for enquiries from architects, clients or main contractors, you will be tasked with maintaining enquiry records regularly. Your other duties will include:  Liaising with suppliers to build up accurate estimates  Producing quotations for the design, supply and installation of bespoke precast concrete products  Attending external and prestart meetings  Submitting monthly applications to clients on secured projects To be considered, you must have:  Experience as an estimator or quantity surveyor in precast concrete  The ability to work to deadlines achieving specific tender return dates and keeping the customer updated on progress  Experience of negotiating with suppliers on moulds, hauliers, fixings and design  Technical knowledge on all stages of project development Furthermore, as an Estimator / Quantity Surveyor, you will have a good head for numbers and excellent communication skills. A keen eye for detail and strong commercial and financial awareness are also crucial. To apply for the role of Estimator / Quantity Surveyor, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Estimator, Quantity Surveyor, Scheduler, Surveyor, Project Scheduler, Project Surveyor, Programme Scheduler, Interior Estimator, Project Engineer, QS, Project QS, Civil Engineer, Civil Engineering. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EstimatorQuantitySurveyorPreCastConcrete_job****