Title: Project Engineers
Webindex: 69556994
Company: Extra Personnel Ltd
Description: As Below Our Client specialise in the design, manufacture, assembly, test, installation and commissioning of bespoke solutions for the Nuclear new build Industry. They are split across three locations, Wolverhampton, Derby & Manchester and their unique capabilities, facilities and experience ideally positions them to take on a wide variety of projects on a national basis. Extra Technical is now working in Partnership with our Client in the recruitment of Project Engineers in permanent positions. To be considered for one of the Project Engineers posts currently available you will meet the following criteria To support the SPE/PM in delivery and coordination of a project/portfolio of projects, ranging ****K plus to 5M  10M in value. The Project Engineer will have the experience of detail design through to manufacture and project delivery. Duties will include coordination of manufacturing activities to ensure successful delivery on time and within budget of specialist mechanical tooling and equipment in a highly regulated industry. Principal Accountabilities Safety Accountabilities &x2022 Ensures compliance with standards and expectations regarding health & safety, demonstrating a proactive approach towards safety &x2022 Complies with procedures, processes and systems to ensure that quality and consistency is maintained &x2022 Supports and improves quality in terms of procedures and systems giving proactively feedback to ensure processes are regularly improved Project Accountabilities &x2022 Ensures client design is suitable for manufacture and coordinates effectively within the supply chain to achieve appropriate levels of quality, to meet the relevant specifications to time and budget. &x2022 Typical project work includes exposure to concept design,detail design,manufacture,assembly &x2022 Demonstrates clear understanding of key Project Management indices, conversant in Earned Value and reporting against base line schedules. &x2022 Understands the principles of CPI, SPI, CV, SV, BCWS, BCWP, ACWP and EAC. &x2022 The Project Engineer will be prepared to visit key stakeholders involving frequent travel as and when required to undertake the normal duties associated with dealing with various clients and suppliers, or interested parties. &x2022 Has a good understanding of the Design to Manufacturing interface, including supply chain issues, TQ&x2019 s, etc. &x2022 Ensures that appropriate change control and issue management arrangements are implemented &x2022 Supports the PM in ensuring that comprehensive high quality weekly and monthly reports are available for all projects which address key project level performance metrics. &x2022 Assists the PM in producing project forecasts (BCWP, EAC, Revenue and Cash Flow) to ensure integrity and validity of information. &x2022 Ensures that supply chain contracts are in place and managed proactively checking that all payment applications are accurate and submitted in accordance with contract terms and conditions. &x2022 Supports the PM in ensuring contract change processes are adequately captured and processed &x2022 Supports the PM in developing robust schedules and accelerated plans, understanding the consequences and impacts of decisions made &x2022 Ensures monthly invoicing takes place to an appropriate quality level &x2022 Assists the PM in preparing, monitoring and forecasting budgets for projects, ensuring that the cost estimate is consistent with the scope and delivery schedule. &x2022 Supports the PM in ensuring that the risk management processes is operated effectively &x2022 Ensures Weekly and Monthly accruals are in place Measures &x2022 Budgets are controlled proactively within authorised funding limits and in accordance with financial procedures. &x2022 Project EAC&x2019 s and Year End EAC&x2019 s are produced, with appropriate underpinning and reviewed monthly and within set tolerance bands &x2022 Ensure the detailed project schedule includes the full scope and reflects the current agreed strategies, status and delivery methodology &x2022 Leads the delivery of Project performance reports are produced on a timely manner to the appropriate high quality standards &x2022 Cost Reports are produced monthly within a specified timescale, often against tight deadlines and agreed forecast tolerances &x2022 Reports include variances, trends and critical areas and recommend recovery options. &x2022 Ensures systems are developed or maintained to provide accurate methods for forecasting YE and monthly within a specified high tolerance &x2022 Reports to the Project Manager on day to day issues and Programme Manager for senior line management activities and functional accountabilities. &x2022 Interfaces with the Project Managers and Project teams, Programme Office, Engineering, Commercial, Manufacturing, QA, Finance and Clients, as and when required. &x2022 Demonstrable excellent communication and interpersonal skills, as well as drive and energy in order to support the PM in delivery of a major project, or a series of smaller projects of work, specifically involving design, manufacture, assembly and testing. &x2022 Ideally has a minimum of 3 years Project Management experience and fully conversant with all relevant PM tools and systems. &x2022 Must demonstrate a clear and logical approach to understanding complex project and functional related issues associated with the design, manufacture and testing of major equipment for a highly regulated industry such as nuclear &x2022 Ideally has a track record of delivery with 3 years Project Management experience in a highly regulated industry i.e. Nuclear, Defence, Petrochemical, etc. and fully conversant with relevant PM tools and systems. &x2022 Candidate should be able to demonstrate a logical approach to complex problem solving, time and people management. In addition, the role requires that you are eligible for Security clearance which insists you have a minimum of 5 years UK residency. All enquiries to both Richard Starkey and Allison McKelvy at Extra Technical all applications will be treated in the strictest of confidence.