Title: Senior Project/Programme Engineer  Waste Water Treatment
Webindex: 68218509
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Senior Programme / Project Engineer  Waste water treatment c**** plus attractive benefits Raynesway, Derby. Severn Trent Water serves over eight million customers across the heart of the UK, stretching from the Bristol Channel to the Humber and from midWales to the East Midlands. As a FTSE 100 company, they can offer a wide range of career opportunities and attractive benefits. We are currently recruiting for a Senior Programme Engineer to take the lead in delivering waste water / Sewage treatment projects, ensuring deadlines and budgets are successfully met. Typically projects/ programmes of work range ****k to 5m a year which could comprise numerous small projects or a single large project The Senior Programme Engineer role will; Take ownership of the delivery of Waste water / sewage treatment projects within constraints of time, cost and quality, supporting the Programme Manager where necessary. Work closely with and monitor design and build contractors to swiftly move projects through from inception to completion, ensuring excellent customer service. Work with other utilities, statutory bodies and statutory undertakers, e.g. Power, Gas, Railtrack, British Waterways, Highway Authorities, Councils, etc in order to ensure smooth delivery of projects. Proactively manage the process of quotations and monitoring of budgets from start to finish on projects. Develop commissioning plan in conjunction with internal STW teams and external Contractors The Senior Programme Engineer will have: Experience in a similar Programme Engineer / Project Engineer role, ideally within the water industry. Alternatively you will have a background delivering capital engineering projects. Degree qualified in a relevant Engineering (Civil, Electrical, mechanical, chemical etc) or Environmental Discipline or equivalent Full UK driving license Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us