Title: Electrical  Automation  C I Engineer
Webindex: 68807006
Company: Expion Ltd
Description: Posted by: Expion Job title: Electrical/Automation / C I Engineer Location: Peterborough Basic: c.**** Benefits: Healthcare, Pension and Bonus The Business:  My client has acquired and maintained an enviable reputation for quality and service within their demanding and high profile customer base.  This key site, part of a large market leading and continually expanding UK branded food manufacturing organisation, is committed to continuous improvement and operational excellence.  Large, state of the art site with excellent prospects for career advancement and development, both in this role and across the broader group. The Candidate:  Qualified in Electrical Engineering, and experience of working with Rockwell SLC**** ControlLogix PLCs  Experience gained within the Food, Drink, FMCG, Medical Device, Pharmaceutical, Automotive or similar high speed production environment would be preferred.  Able to demonstrate a strong track record in factory automation and process control systems in a manufacturing environment Ability to work as part of a team is critical to the role, as is the ability to be able to prioritise in a fast paced environment  Knowledge of Total Productive Maintenance (TPM) and Six Sigma would be an advantage.  Confident with strong communication skills The Role:  As a key member of the Engineering Team, you will be responsible for the continued development of the factory s automations systems and infrastructure.  You will provide the site with technical support on Process Control System and Electricity and Automation.  To provide support to the site s operational activities and to ensure the continuous improvement of manufacturing performance.  You will look at opportunities to improve the performance of the plant and equipment wherever possible. Salary:  A highly attractive package reflects the importance and profile of this demanding yet rewarding role.  Further career prospects across the group are excellent. Expion: Our manufacturing and engineering recruitment brand is well respected for the high quality of work we have delivered for both clients and candidates throughout our history. Our indepth knowledge of manufacturing and engineering recruitment across our core sectors enables us to provide advice based on experience and to give you the best access to client vacancies. To apply for the role, please send your CV and full salary details, quoting ref CLVEW in the subject field, preferably by email, to Ian Murphy at Expion via caroline.vooghtexpion.co.uk or call **** **** if you require further details or a confidential discussion. All CVs received will be acknowledged.