Title: Modelling and Simulation Engineer
Webindex: 70577358
Company: Cubiq Recruitment
Description: Modelling and Simulation Engineer Salary: ******** Start date: Early March Location: Lancashire An opportunity has arisen to join a fast moving and technologically innovative company for a Modelling and Simulation engineer to form part of their growing team as they move from strength to strength. You will be tasked with developing simulation software tools and maintaining their development. You will also use this to participate in design studies and provide validation of test results using these tools. Ideally, the ideal candidate will come from a highly analytical and mathematical background. My client has expressed a direct interest that the successful person will come from a strong engineering background, able to get to grips with the mechanics involved with their work and not afraid to get their hands dirty. Whilst this role is modelling and simulation orientated it will not be suited to someone who has no desire too grasp the inner working of the products they deal with and no enthusiasm to crunch the numbers on a daily basis. The successful candidates background will include Strong experience in MATLAB programming and Simulink simulation Experience of MathWorks An ability to program in C would be beneficial An analytical and mathematical mindPlease note that this role is more geared towards a junior level as there will be much that will be needed to be learnt when starting. Whilst experience is great it will not be given direct preference over one without. The key requirements are the aptitude and mind of the individual. Please note that should you know someone who may well be suited for this role then please do not hesitate to forward on their details. Cubiq will gladly pay a referral fee for a successful recommendation. If this opportunity is not quite right for you though you wish to see what else we have on offer then please do not hesitate to get in touch with your most up to date CV for consideration against other opportunities. Please apply using the details below. Thanks