Title: Mechanical Project Manager
Webindex: 64791427
Company: Fusion People
Description: My client are a technology focused mechanical and electrical contractor that strives to deliver the ultimate engineered solution for a wide variety of client requirements. They work across a range of industry sectors including banking and finance, commercial development, pharmaceutical, education and the public sector, they offer an array of services to these sectors ranging from business critical infrastructure for data centres and laboratories to fast track commercial office fitouts. With a great depth of engineering knowledge at every level within the organisation. My client can provide you with the solution to your building services requirements, no matter how simple or complex. The growth of the business has been based on its founding principles of professionally engineered and delivered projects and is testimony to their ability to outperform in an increasingly competitive market place with the vast majority of clients having worked with them for many years. Duties and responsibilities will include full life cycle project management from initial hand over from the estimator to procurement, running the programme, accountable for the P amp;L and client liaison until successful hand over. The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate a proven track record in managing projects from pound;****k  pound;5M. This person will also have shown in previous roles an ability to nurture client relationships. Ideally coming from a mechanical services background although would look at people who have run M amp;E jobs but from an Electrical background. Should you be interested in this role or any other within the M amp;E Building Services sector please call Phil Graham on **** **** ****  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business.