Title: Chartered Structural Engineer
Webindex: 67369055
Company: Strata Construction Consulting UK Ltd
Description: Chartered Structural Engineer London ****  ****  Package This is an exciting opportunity for an exceptional Chartered Structural Engineer to join one of the leading design consultancies in the world. My client are a large multidisciplinary design consultancy who cover a enormous variety of disciplines and sectors in a number of offices worldwide. The client requires a Structural Engineer that is either MIStructE or MICE chartered with a minimum of 4 years structural design experience specifically on London projects. This is a fantastic opportunity for any engineer as the client are looking specifically for candidates with team management qualities as they are hoping to increase the number of directors and associates in the structures department over the coming years and consequently they require ambitious individuals looking to progress within a Large consultancy. If you would like to know more about this role then please do not hesitate to contact Luke on: (Apply online only). Apply now to (url removed) with your CV This vacancy is being advertised by Strata Construction Consulting UK Ltd who are a sister company of Rise Technical Recruitment. The services of Strata Construction Consulting UK Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Strata Construction Consulting UK Ltd specialise in the placement of Engineers/Surveyors/Planners/Project Managers  some of the positions we cover: Environmental Engineers, Design Engineers, Quantity Surveyors, CAD Technicians, Traffic & Transport Engineers, Structural Engineers, Structural Draughtsman, Steelwork Draughtsman, Highway Engineers, Infrastructure Engineers, Geotechnical Engineers, Mechanical Engineers, Project Engineers, Project Managers, Architects, Transport Technicians, Drainage Engineers, Utilities Engineers, Procurement Managers, Oil & Gas Engineers, Electrical Engineers, Process Engineers, Mechanical Engineers, Site Managers, Tunnel Engineers, Clerk of Works, Resident Engineers, Public Health Engineers. Strata Construction Consulting UK Ltd can only accept applications from candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed. We will endeavor to respond to all applicants however due to the sheer volume of response, we can only guarantee that candidates who have been shortlisted will be contacted