Title: Test Systems Software Engineer
Webindex: 72635641
Company: Genesis Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: You will support the delivery of a number of exciting and challenging offhighway diesel engine development programmes for our Client, who is a leading worldwide manufacturer of Diesel Engines for the Off Highway market requires a dynamic and experienced engineer to join a small team in the Design Department working on Medium Duty OffHighway Diesel Engines. The Role: Understanding engine development testing requirements to meet current legislation and programme requirements. Designing tests, high level user programming and validation of test bed operating systems, CP Engineering V**** CADET. Continuous development of automated test procedures to improve utilisation and efficiency whilst standardising test bed file structures and performance and emissions calculations. Operational control and continuous development of CP Engineering test lab management system (TLS) and Uniplot data processing system. Conducting internal training courses on all aspects of test bed control and data processing systems. Technical control of gaseous and particulate emissions equipment, to include fault diagnosis, training and integration of results into overall test processed data. Requirements: Degree in Electronic / Mechanical / Control Systems Engineering or HND/HNC or relevant experience. Strong and proven track record of software skills (Visual Basic preferable) with a strong interest in performance and emissions development testing, focused on test control systems and emissions equipment. Good level of communication skills to collect and disseminate information between engineering staff and to conduct the required training. This vacancy is only available to Candidates with relevant experience as detailed in the job description. Due to volume of applications, we are unable to respond to applicants who do not possess the required skills and experience. Recent Graduates who do not have the required level of industry experience need not apply. Candidates must be authorised to work in the country where this role is located BEFORE making an application