Title: Blow Moulding Field Engineer
Webindex: 72689483
Company: Omega Resource Group Ltd
Description: Blow Moulding Field Engineer ****  **** per annum  Car  Benefits Ideally you will be based close to Milton Keynes Permanent Role: Our client is a leading manufacturing company with multiple sites both in the UK and across the EMEA region. Currently they are looking at succession planning for their key operational staff and are looking to secure the services of an ambitious Technical Engineer with experience of Manufacturing Process development with a particular bias towards Blowmoulding and Automated production machinery. Job Description: Your duties will be to evaluate existing processes and to configure manufacturing systems, equipment and tooling to reduce cost, improve sustainability and develop best practices within the production processes. This is a key role incorporating elements of strategic process improvement alongside troubleshooting and problem solving of existing processes and manufacturing systems. This role requires someone with exceptional technical knowledge of Automated manufacturing equipment who is flexible to enable them to work across a twentyfour/seven multiple site operation. Responsibilities: As a senior member of the operations team you will report directly into the Head of Engineering and be involved in all aspects of Process Improvement and Manufacturing Systems Design including working on NPI projects and ensuring the optimum performance of manufacturing with a specific focus on improving production rates, efficiencies, yields, costs and changeovers . The position will be based at our clients Advanced Production Facility in Milton Keynes but will involve travel to their other UK sites. The right candidate will be a strong engineer with Mechanical, Automation and Lean manufacturing experience capable of identifying, analysing and solving technical issues from the level of single machines right through to strategic macro level oversight of existing manufacturing processes and philosophies. Qualifications Experience: Experience of working with Blow Moulding machinery. A relevant degree or HNC/HND that provides a solid foundation in the principals of Mechanical or Automation Engineering. Experience of maintenance or engineering within an advanced production environment with at least 5 years in management. Mechanical, Electrical, PLC diagnostic and troubleshooting skills. Your experience should include knowledge of PLC programming, CE EMC practices, PLC Control Systems, pneumatic and hydraulic systems, AC DC Motor Control (Inverters Servo Drives), Digital Analogue Sensor Technologies Connectivity and HMI Connectivity. Experience of mechanical and product design would be a distinct advantage. In return for your skills and experience we are offering a competitive salary and an excellent benefits package. Please apply with full CV to sukhneet.mellhiomegaresource.co.uk. All applications will be acknowledged and held in complete confidence. Thorough briefing will be undertaken prior to CV submission to the client Omega Resource Group Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.