Title: **** Axis Miller  Programmer
Webindex: 69775569
Company: Omega Resource Group
Description: CNC Miller  Miller / CNC programmer An exciting opportunity has arisen with my client. They are a successful Engineering company that are offering a stable and lucrative career in their machine shop. They require a CNC Miller  Miller / CNC programmer to programme and set the CNC Mills. The candidate will be responsible for understanding engineering drawings, then Programming, setting and operating the CNC machinery. They will be involved in producing batch work and one offs. We are looking for a CNC Miller  Miller / CNC programmer who ideally has the following skills: Extensive experience of running CNC machinery (Mills). Experience with Heidenhain will be a big benefit. Must be able to Programme, set, and operate the machines. Have a good understanding of engineering drawings. Have experience in machining a variety of materials. Have experience in machining to close tolerances. Must be a proactive team player, with a positive can do attitude. The benefits of working for this company are: They offer competitive rates of pay. They offer job security and stability, as they have a sustainable client base. Potential career progression. Lots of overtime. They promote a positive, approachable and welcoming culture throughout the company. For further details, please contact Karl Moon at: Omega Selection Services, part of Omega Resource Group are an employment agency specialising in opportunities at all levels within the Engineering, Aerospace, Automotive, Electronics, Defence, Scientific, Oil & Gas, Construction and Manufacturing sectors. We are always seeking Engineering Staff, Senior Managers, Skilled and SemiSkilled Machinists, Mechanical Fitters, Electrical Fitters, Quality Engineers, Materials Science Engineers, Maintenance Engineers, Electronics Engineers, Test Technicians, Technical Authors, Electricians and Laboratory Technicians to name but a few. For more details visit our website (url removed) For details of other opportunities available within your chosen field please visit our website (url removed). Omega Resource Group Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy