Title: Engineering Planner
Webindex: 69800654
Company: Blueprint Recruitment
Description: Job Purpuse: To plan, organise and oversee the engineering resource to support the achievement of business Key Performance Indicators Main Responsibilities: ' Proactive and reactive planning with Area Engineer and production managers facilitated through the work order system, to ensure that machine downtime is kept to a minimum ' Develops and keeps up to date maintenance records for relevant plant and machinery ' Issues safety permits to bring contractors on site and ensures that they are appropriately trained and follow procedures at all times ' Procures services regarding repairs, spares and materials ensuring appropriate levels of service, quality and pricing are achieved. ' Analyses data and produces management reports (weekly and monthly) regarding maintenance issues and breakdowns to enable Engineering and Production managers to identity opportunities for improvements. ' Ensures all work done complies with all relevant internal and external standards and procedures e.g. Health and Safety, Environmental (ISO 14001) and BS procedures (ISO 9001). ' Responds to breakdowns, supporting Area Engineer and production team to minimise downtime. ' Works collaboratively with Area Engineer providing support e.g. maintenance plans, sourcing staff, technical advice, materials and contractors ' Attends and actively contributes to production morning meetings, safety meetings and planning meetings as required. ' Effective and regular communication with senior management and technicians ensuring awareness of ongoing machinery states and implications. ' Continued development and promotion of site Health Safety and TPM (Total Productive Maintenance) Culture. Due to the potential level of response we are unable to contact all applicants Please send your CV to Daryl Venters at dventersblueprintrecruitment.co.uk This position may be one of numerous opportunities we are handling that you could have an interest in pursuing. If you have not been in touch with us before please call us on **** **** **** or email a CV to infoblueprintrecruitment.co.uk and we will make sure the most relevant consultant gets back to you as soon as possible. Please note that we never send CV's anywhere without your prior consent. View all our jobs at www.blueprintrecruitment.co.uk Blueprint Recruitment Limited offers the services of an employment agency for permanent work and an employment business for temporary work. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EngineeringPlanner_job****