Title: Software Engineer  Online Gaming
Webindex: 70343435
Company: ARM
Description: Software Engineer  Online Gaming  London  C****k  Benefits This great opportunity is to work for a worldleading provider of database driven Sports Betting websites. The customers include some of the biggest names in betting, each with databases containing millions of users. There is a great passionate about the work done and have built a reputation on the high quality of the software, the delivery and the clients satisfaction. To further strengthen the team we are now looking for a number of Software Engineer's to join the London office on a highly competitive salary and benefits package. Responsibility: 'Develop new features and functionality for high transaction, large scale betting websites. 'Participate in design and code reviews. 'Identify and address performance bottlenecks in the software. 'Designing solutions that are modular, scalable and portable. 'Work to improve overall system architecture and design components to meet those goals. Proven ability: 'Proven ability coding in any of the core languages such as Java, J****EE or C++. 'Knowledge of developing in Unix/Linux environments. 'Exposure to databases from various vendors (Oracle, MySQL and Informix). 'Exposure to Project methodologies (Scrum, Kanban or Agile). 'Knowledge of building web applications. Beneficial: 'Web technologies and internet protocols (SOAP, Restful, XML, HTTP, TCP/IP). 'Scripting skills: Bash, Perl, Python, JavaScript. 'Proven ability with Continuous Integration and Automated unit testing frameworks. We are currently recruiting for a various amounts of developer's and what we have listed is a guide to the skills and also an idea on what will be involved. We strongly recommend speaking to us to find out what which position would be best fitted to your technical skills. This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. We will never send your CV without your permission. Do NOT DELAY: This is an exciting opportunity to join a dynamic and successful online gaming company which will develop and hone your skills. Take this opportunity to work with a market leader. Contact me NOW. To apply to this ad today contact Brett to discuss the very latest opportunities on [blocked] or email me at josh.hawkerarm.co.uk, alternatively go to the www.arm.co.uk website.