Title: Electrical Maintenance Engineer 2198M4AM
Webindex: 72231011
Company: Pioneer Selection
Description: Overview: An outstanding opportunity has become available for a Electrical Maintenance Engineer to join a large independent organisation in the Berkshire area. Carrying out various maintenance, repair and breakdown duties alongside some project work that will enhance the factory further, this is an exciting time to join a company that are looking to grow massively over the next 2 years. The Company: Our client is a large food manufacturing organisation that supplies speciality products to a variety of large supermarkets across the country as well as supplying to various clients throughout Europe. They have over **** staff and currently turnover in excess of 70million. Our client is currently undergoing a large expansion movement due to winning of new contracts and the development of new products. The Role of a Electrical Maintenance Engineer: The ideal candidate will be required to service, maintain and repair various machinery on site. You will be required to work on production related equipment including conveyors, pressure vessels, labellers, filling machinery and packaging machines. The ideal candidate will be required to modify and faultfind on Allen Bradley and Siemens PLC’s as well as solving problems that arise within production. Key Skills: The ideal candidate must have served a electrical apprenticeship and hold some recognised electrical qualifications, ideally 17th edition. The ideal candidate will have worked within a production environment previously and have good mechanical knowledge particularly on hydraulics and pneumatics. The ideal candidate will be able to faultfind on PLC’s and will have the ability to perform welding duties. Benefits: Pension, Healthcare, 23 Days Holiday Salary: Basic **** Commutable from: Reading, Berkshire; Basingstoke, Hampshire; Abingdon, Oxfordshire; Swindon, Wiltshire Candidates may have relevant experience having held roles as a: Maintenance Engineer, Electrician, MultiSkilled Craftsperson, or Maintenance Technician If you are interested in this role and feel that you have the right skills then please click apply at the bottom of this advert. Alternatively for further details contact Andrew McFarlane on;  **** or Email: cvpioneerselection.co.uk Due to the high response received for some vacancies we regret that we are sometimes unable to reply to all applicants. If you have not been contacted within 7 days, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. However, we will keep your details and notify you of any other opportunities. As a registered candidate with Pioneer Selection Ltd, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme. You will receive **** for every candidate we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Terms and Conditions apply please see our website for further details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectricalMaintenanceEngineer2198M4AM_job****