Title: Project Engineer  Moulding
Webindex: 68216712
Company: RHL
Description: Job Title: Moulding Project Engineer Location: Oxfordshire Salary Guide: **** to **** Essential: Must be an expert in Injection Moulding Processes Plastics Processing / Polymer science degree, or similar Medical/Pharma industry experience Customer Fronting Experience Desireable: Experience leading a multifunctional team Reason for role: need specific point of contact to liaise with client experts on Injection Moulding issues. Will additionally support the Process Improvement Engineers. Description: To provide Moulding Project Engineering support to a specific project. To manage moulding projects from definition through to validation to time and within agreed budget. Will be liaising directly with an external client that has this experience, so must have customer facing experience, and be able a strong communicator. Key Responsibilities:  To provide technical leadership on assigned projects from within the organisation.  To provide technical leadership to the moulding team for investigations/Validation.  To communicate project status to business stream manager/customer.  To work with Tooling Engineer to incorporate requirements to tooling requirements documentation.  To facilitate Tooling Risk Assessment, Tooling Design FMEA s with the Tooling Engineer, tool supplier and appropriate members of internal staff if required.  To determine and generate the correct specification of moulding and ancillary equipment needed in manufacturing to meet project/product requirements.  To develop the Validation rationales for tooling, moulding and any other associated processes within the validation guidelines and provide the required input into the creation of Validation Master Plan.  To be responsible for the generation of all robust documentation/specification criteria/associated with validation of new tooling/moulding process [Validation plans, protocols, reports etc.].  Support the test methods and metrology team to define measurements tools/systems for component dimensional and attribute measurement.  To undertake all tasks associated with the data warehouse (a bespoke data transfer system for the customer).  To define handling / packaging requirements for components and in collaboration with the Moulding Manager introduce and qualify the manufacturing solution.  To identify and implement the required training needs in manufacturing to support the new product / process.  To ensure appropriate handover packages are compiled, generated and transferred into manufacturing to ensure smooth handover and compliance in production.  To ensure Health and Safety Policies and Environmental Policies are being adhered to at all times.  The achievement of agreed personal objectives. People Management  This experience is desirable, not essential  Experience of leading a multidisciplined team.  Experience of managing cross functional teams. Knowledge & Expertise:  Proven experience in the medical device industry, though will consider Pharma background.  Experience of project/programme management.  Experience in the moulding sector, preferably in the medical industry.  Computer literate, including MS Project & Excel skills.  Demonstrate skills in project management processes including customer funded programmes. Qualifications: Degree in a technical discipline. Personal Characteristics: Must have a can do attitude with strong analytical and presentation skills