Title: Senior Backup Engineer  Cardiff
Webindex: 66905194
Company: Randstad
Description: A Leading Infrastructure Managed Service in the Cardiff Area requires a Senior Backup Engineer  Senior Infrastructure Specialist, as part of a highly skilled team, to provide operational and administrative support to a portfolio of market leading customers. The team is responsible for the design, documentation, implementation, monitoring and backup of all servers, storage and databases to meet all business requirements. The successful applicant will have a clear and experienced understanding of Netbackup and Backup Exec. The role will have a distinct focus on backups however, additional knowledge of virtualisation, storage and networking will be an advantage. A clear advantage for any applicant would be that they have gained their experience in a managed service environment. The skills needed as part of the initial requirements will include the following as essential:  Symantec Netbackup OR  Backup Exec Additional technologies of interest:  VMware  Storage: EMC VNX/HP EVA/NetApp/HDS SAN/  CISCO If you are an Senior Infrastructure professional within a platform team, seeking further experience in a fast growing commercial environment and would like to demonstrate your capability, then opportunity will soon be coming your way if you can promote your experience within the right environment. Think about joining my client and take your career on the journey it deserves. We are interviewing and hiring NOW Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills amp; qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.