Title: Warehouse Supervisor (Manufacturing) to ****K
Webindex: 69743488
Company: Verticality Ltd
Description: Warehouse Supervisor (Manufacturing) to ****K Tenmat Limited is a leading global manufacturer in specialised, advanced materials and components, supplying a broad crosssection of industrial applications throughout the world. Winners of the Queen’s Award for Innovation. Position: Logistics / Warehouse Supervisor Location: Manchester Salary: **** – ****k per annum ROLE: The Warehouse Supervisor plans /organises the daily workload in the department and supervises labour so as to maximise output. This position is responsible for auditing quality, conducting H&S inspections and monitoring housekeeping in the department. The essence of the job is to manage the daytoday activities of the department and develop its future potential through continual improvement. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Plan and manage workload in the department in coordination with the Logistics Manager. b) Maximise efficiency in each task and ensuring correct procedures are followed. c) Organise and plan the use of the works lorry. d) Monitor and identify issues, then propose and implement corrective actions. e) Analyse department targets identifying issues and areas for improvement. f) Work towards and achieve key tasks set by the Logistics Manager, reporting on progress made on a monthly basis. g) Monitor aspects of health and safety in the department including carrying out H&S inspections and signing off checklists, ensuring that all operatives have been trained appropriately. h) Assist customer services in providing the best service possible to their customers. i) Perform administration tasks such as, booking, stocktaking and clock cards. j) Maintain the highest standards of housekeeping in the department. k) Work towards longterm goals to ensure continued business growth. l) Carry out additional reasonable duties as required by business needs. d) To perform a reasonable amount of unpaid overtime where necessary, either during the week or at weekends, as required. e) Train operatives on various processes in the department, ensuring that standards can be obtained for maximum levels of quality. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Able to demonstrate strong leadership and organisational skills. b) Be able to remain calm and clear headed at times of high pressure and high demand. c) Must have experience in an manufacturing warehouse environment, ideally in a supervisor position. d) Have good time management skills with the ability to delegate tasks efficiently and have good decisionmaking skills. e) The ability to work as part of a management team, working closely with the production managers / supervisors to organise daytoday workload. You may have experience of the following: Warehouse Operations, Logistics Team Leader, Warehouse Supervisor, Manufacturing Shift Team Leader, Line Manager, Warehouse Coordinator, Stock Controller, Inventory Controller, Distribution Centre, Logistics Shift Manager, Manufacturing Team Leader, Health and Safety, Order Management, Supply Chain, Transport Coordinator, Distribution Team Leader, etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK’s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.