Title: Mechanical Engineer / Methods and tools Engineer
Webindex: 69868254
Company: Hays Specialist Recruitment Ltd   Hays En
Description: Job Title. Methods and Tools Engineer Critical Technology Seals Purpose of the Job. Development of worldwide expertise in methods and tools to support design optimisation and validation process of seals for turbine application A Methods and Tools Engineer is required to work on the methods and tools and R D projects at a worldclass level. He/she will work towards the development, optimisation and validation of aeromechanical methods and tools of sealing technologies. The candidate will be expected to understand the derivation of lessons learned and guidelines for seals design optimisation. The specific role will support the development of highly efficient, cost effective and reliable sealing technologies for application to steam and gas turbines.Position ganisation Responsibilities. Work on projects. Deliver quality, on time and within budget Provide expertise in methods and tools to support design optimisation and validation process of seals Work towards establishing a longterm strategy for methods and tools to support product development Development of inhouse codes and application of commercial tools (CAD FEA and CFD tools). Define best use of tools for seals application Development of advanced modelling techniques and analytical methods Methods and tools validation to support product development Analyse and find the root cause of possible failure of seals or processes involved and offer options and solutions to avoid repetition of similar occurrences Contribute towards technical reviews to a successful conclusion that meets the customer needs Support knowledge management for seals design by providing the best tools and methods as well as offering expertise for their implementation. Grow in the expert development program Promote the interests and image of the Company at all times Measurement. Achieving agreed project targets and deliverables. Receiving positive feedback from customer Demonstrating technological and operational excellence Educational Requirements. A good engineering or mathematics degree is essential MSc or PhD degree in a turbomachinery related subject is an advantage for the specific job Knowledge / Experience. **** to **** or more years experience in a R D environment for gas or steam turbines Knowledge of turbine component design Knowledge of turbine sealing technology Proficient in the use of turbomachinery aeromechanical methods and tools Knowledge of programming Project management Behavioural and Technical Skills / Competencies. Technical skills / competencies Competent in turbine component design and analysis Competent in application of CAD/FEA/CFD tools (Fluent, Centaur, Abaqus, ANSYS, CATIA) Good mathematical, problem solving skills Software and Programming skills (Fortran, Java, C, Visual Basic) Project management skillsHays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk