Title: Field Sales Exec
Webindex: 69967071
Company: Quinn Mcgrath Services Ltd
Description: This is a technical Field sales role with a ****k basic Key responsibilities;  Take responsibility for revenue growth and establish sales targets within the territory. Reach and exceed sales goals, manage expenses and assist manager with territory reports and forecast.  Take overall sales responsibility for all markets within defined region.  To generate customer requirements through sales visits and close customer contact.  To assist and issue professional, technical quotations and maximizing margin.  Conduct technical presentations and demonstrations.  Some exposure to a site environment may be required.  Maintain an accurate and up to date market database including competitor activity and become an active member of local industry recognized bodies.  To travel within the region and elsewhere as required.  To report regularly on opportunities, current quotation status and expected orders.  Provide appropriate reporting e.g. (score card, visit reports etc.).  Liaise with colleagues to ensure that opportunities for product and market development are identified and actioned.  Operate in a manner consistent with the Company?s guiding principles along with all HR, Health & Safety and quality procedures.  Follows any reasonable instruction given by the Manager.  Participates in improvement activities to ensure the smooth flow of systems and information and to eliminate waste in all processes.  Adheres to all Company policies, procedures and safe systems of work.  Works in a manner which safeguards the safety and welfare of self and others. Candidates wishing to be considered for this position should possess the following qualifications / experience:  English language skills both verbal and written.  Technical product sales or Service industry sales experience (preferably both).  Established contacts outside of customer base.  Engineering or operational background (at least 3 years)  HND (UK) or minimum associates degree level.  Relationship builder.  Good presentation skills.  Specialist industry experience (vertical markets).  Worked within a large organization, preferably 100M .  Positive attitude and able to work with minimum supervision.  Proven track record in sales.  If remote based, must be used to working from home not an office.  Driving license.  Computer literate