Title: Mechanical Manufacturing Engineer  Greater Belfast  Excellent Salary
Webindex: 68015186
Company: TechMet Appointments
Description: This is a NPI / Manufacturing role with a strong leaning towards physics/statistical analysis as opposed to an electronics base. The role would, for one, require the person to absorb a technical understanding of the product currently going through early prototype build/testing, master the calibration of it, develop procedures and processes to meet the build and calibration requirements for manufacturing. The role would, in parallel, be the manufacturing NPI project lead to set up the necessary production facility to build, calibrate and test the product. Essentially a standalone position, there will be good technical support, but the objective is to own the product and process and be the goto person for both. The successful applicant will design, develop and maintain automated test equipment, work closely with R D and manufacturing to produce test specifications and resolve any defects and develop statistical process control and enhance production capabilities through analysis. As a manufacturing engineer you will be encouraged to think outside of the box and to seek a broader understanding of the context of each research topic. You will be creating practical, efficient technology that can accelerate the success of the company in the **** year time horizon. You will also be expected to contribute to engineering infrastructure projects which aim to increase our future research capabilities. Kelvatek provide an open, collaborative research environment and encourage interactions with internal product development teams, partners and the wider academic research community. Candidate must have a degree in physics/chemistry/engineering or equivalent experience and a background in building and testing complex electromechanical products and systems within a manufacturing environment. The Candidate: Degree qualified in an Engineering/Physics related subject. Previous experience in building and testing complex electromechanical products and systems within a manufacturing environment. This role comes with an excellent salary and other great benefits which can be discussed with Sean Metrustry  TechMet. For additional details  Tel Sean Metrustry at TechMet Appointments **** **** or **** **** or ideally submit CV in full confidence to the link below. TechMet Appointments are a specialised agency which works in collaboration with Food Drinks and related industries throughout NI in particular (and ROI and UK). We are not a highstreet agency.