Title: Design Manager  Milton Keynes
Webindex: 70675934
Company: Randstad
Description: This is a rare opportunity to join a top 20 Main Contractor., their core activity is managing the design and construction process of projects across all market sectors throughout the Northern Home Counties From education to major commercial projects, renovation to new build, they are working across many difference forms of procurement, including Design amp; Build. Initially you will be based at their Head Office in Hertfordshire, then be site based in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire. Reporting to the Senior Design Manager, your involvement will begin at Bid Stage and through to project completion. Covering design coordination of projects throughout the preconstruction and construction phases whilst liaising with the procurement, commercial and construction teams. You will also be required to manage external working relationships with Clients, their agent and consultants, local authorities and statutory bodies Must have a proven track record of delivering D amp;B projects value pound;10 million  Principal Duties Ability to manage multidisciplinary teams both internally and externally. Excellent interpersonal skills are essential. Experience in the commercial, education and mixeduse markets, designing to both traditional and modern methods of construction. Expert knowledge of Building Regulations and the planning process. Ability to Interpret ER s and develop into CP s. A thorough understanding of the design and risk management processes. Programme and produce design programmes/controls for timely information release to procurement and construction teams. Commercial awareness and value engineering to increase margin and/or value to client. Champion, manage and develop the electronic document management system. Lead monthly design team meetings To apply, please send your CV. Closing date for applications Fri****/****/2013 We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Skills Design Manager Design Coordinator