Title: Senior or Principal Design Engineer
Webindex: 71125626
Company: Optima UK Inc Ltd
Description: Senior or Principal Design Engineers required. Aerospace or gas turbine background. The Company offers leading edge aero product design, development and manufacture. To complement their hardware capabilities, they are also a growing force in safetycritical software for controlling many of the world s leading aero engines. In the space sector, we are a leading supplier of thermal software products. Customers include most of the world s leading aerospace companies. The Company is now looking to appoint additional Design Engineering capability at a Principal or Specialist level of expertise, with salary and package to match to work at their facility in Leicester. You will be involved in a wide range of design tasks including Core Engine Design, Externals and Test Rigs. Main Responsibilities will be: To provide Technical specialist support to the various projects in the Design department Responsible for reviewing designs, signing off the design intent, and making recommendations to the technical lead of the project. Responsible for identifying methods and techniques to assist in the design of components. Formal and informal presentations to internal and external customers Writing reports and Design Guides. The ideal person will have a good mechanical or aerospace engineering degree as well as: Excellent understanding of engineering principles and manufacturing techniques. Proven design track record and comprehensive knowledge of Gas Turbines. Technical experience of :  Solid mechanics and dynamics  Metallic materials design and selection  Manufacturing  Conceptual layout  Externals  Rotating machinery Experience of 3D modelling e.g. NX, Catia V**** or ProE Excellent communication and presentation skills Personal Qualities Excellent communication skills written and verbal Self motivated Good team player with positive resultsoriented attitude Willing to travel on company business, worldwide, if necessary