Title: Analogue Hardware Engineer
Webindex: 68805257
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Analogue Hardware Engineer Electronics / Aviation A great opportunity has arisen for an Analogue Electronics Engineer to work for a leading Aviation company site in the Gloucester area. Important Analogue Design, EMC signal filtering, DCDC converters, motor drive, analogue/digital interface electronic The Job This Analogue Hardware Engineer will be working on a number of new and upcoming projects in the areas of Aviation and Land Vehicle Systems. Your role will be to work on the design and enhancements for a number of human machine interface, data and power solutions systems. This organisation is a leading design and manufacturing company and is located in very easy reach of the M5. They hold an outstanding history in the design and development of simulation systems for the defence, security and aerospace markets. Although based in Cheltenham, this role is commutable from Bristol, Worcester and Gloucestershire. Relocators are also welcome to apply and my client can offer assistance to those who qualify. JOB DESCRIPTION amp; REQUIREMENTS Responsibilities Design of analogue circuits including EMC signal filtering, DCDC converters, motor drive, analogue/digital interface electronics. Provide design guidance to manage EMC, including filtering of input/output interfaces to meet Military and Avionic standards for conducted emissions. Generation of control plans for PCB layout Design for thermal effects including sizing and calculation of heat sink requirements. Working with systems, software and mechanical engineers to ensure successful overall product design. Requirements Positive attitude with ability to work within multifunction teams on rapidly moving projects. Excellent communication, written and verbal, and IT skills Knowledge of EMC issues including familiarity with some or all defence and avionic standards. Expertise in schematic capture and design to meet constrained space envelope. Candidates should be looking for the opportunity to develop to Principal Engineer and more senior level roles. As a Hardware Engineer at the top of your profession you ll find this role to be both challenging and rewarding, whilst providing a brilliant chance to join a growing, successful organisation. The company offer an excellent salary and benefits package as well as great prospects for career progression. Due to the nature of the work at this site, applicants must be capable of achieving SC level UK security clearance. Current clearance is not a requirement. Recruiter Glenn Vickery Glenn.Vickerymatchtech.com www.matchtech.com Linkedin: http://uk.linkedin.com/in/glennvickery To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK