Title: Defence Programme Manager
Webindex: 72479605
Company: Executive Recruitment Services
Description: Defence Programme Manager Location  Middlesex Salary  ****  **** A world renowned Defence Sector Engineering organisation are currently seeking a Programme Manager to work on a complex hightechnology projects. Reporting directly to the Business Manager, the successful candidate will be responsible for delivering the successful implementation of appropriate programmatic controls, and lead project delivery through a multidisciplinary team. Working with a leading defence and security organization, this is not a prospect to be missed. The Defence Programme Manager will have the following remit   Responsible for defining, communicating, executing monitoring of programmes to ensure on time delivery to meet the Customer requirement, within budget.  Responsible for execution and delivery of assigned project(s) in line with business standards, practice and procedure.  Development of appropriate work packages, key milestones and budgets.  Proactive risk management.  Management and reporting of fiscal programme performance.  Communicating programme progress, problems solutions internally and externally, directing company resources in line with the overall business plan and priorities.  Personal development and training of direct linereports, recruitment and appraisal Successful candidates will have the following skill sets/experience  Proven track record as a Project Manager in a Defence environment.  Experience in the successful management of projects involving international customers and suppliers  Degree qualified, or equivalent  Ability to lead and influence a multidisciplinary team  Excellent communication skills  Strong financial and commercial awareness  Proficient with Microsoft Project.  Experience gained in a Prime Contractor capacity  Detailed understanding of the key elements required for the delivery of Contractor Logistic Support programmes Please note  ability to obtain UK SC secret clearance is a prerequisite for this role. This is a great opportunity for Senior Project Managers to take their career to the next level within a growing engineering environment. Call Paul Goddard on **** **** for further details, or send your CV to paul_goddarders.co.uk.