Title: Interim Group Health, Safety, Security & Environment Manager
Webindex: 71109490
Description: The Group HSSE Manager will be responsible for all compliance around the Health, Safety, Environment and Security regulation across the organisation. Reporting into the Director of Health and Safety you will be responsible for ensuring that all HS E principles, policies and procedures are communicated, understood and implemented across all sites.You will be responsible for all aspects of Process Safety Standards and previous experience of working on a Top Tier COMAH site would be proffered. You will be expected to communicate at all levels across the business and influence from top to bottom wherever required.You will help develop, implement and maintain a strong management system including emergency response plans and HazOps. You will also be involved in maintaining the ISO 14001standards and implement change wherever necessary.  NEBOSH Diploma or equivalent (essential)  Chartered member of IOSH (MIOSH) or working towards MIOSH  Experience of ISO 14001, **** OHSAS 18001  Experience in leadership and working in roles providing support across a diverse range of activities to a number of different stakeholders / sectors.  Experience of working in a chemical manufacturing facility, Top Tier COMAH experience will be preferred  Strong Managerial, technical and interpersonal and communication skills.  Experience of following and examining HSSE processes for improvements in line with Group / Customer expectations  Knowledge of ISO14001 principles and auditing Please note this is a multi site role and does require travel. My Client is a Global Chemical manufacturer. ****k****k pro rata Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Apply to Robin Seehra quoting Job Ref: MPJT**** Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy.