Title: Field Sales Engineer, Electronic Components – Home Based, UK
Webindex: 70343901
Company: System Recruitment
Description: Field Sales Engineer, Electronic Components – Home Based, UK Job Type: Permanent Location: Home Based Salary: Upto **** basic with Bonus (OTE ****) Start Date: ASAP Duration: Permanent Benefits: Car Reference: SaleElCompsHome A successful, high profile distributor of electronic components to the embedded, video or wireless technologies sectors is now seeking to recruit an experienced Field Sales Engineer to work from home covering clients all over the UK. The ideal candidate will have a good electronics understanding (HNC, HND or Degree qualified), and be IT literate. Knowledge of embedded, video or wireless technologies would be an advantage. As Field Sales Engineer you will manage current and develop new business across the UK. The role requires an ambitious, likeable and gregarious Sales Engineer with experience of selling into numerous levels from Design Engineers to Procurement to main Board Directors. You must therefore have the ability to interface at all levels of Management. You will need to be hardworking, tenacious and reliable sales professional with a very strong commercial awareness. You need to be able to research and develop new clients, manage existing clients, track and control major projects, and negotiate favourable commercial terms. You will be self reliant yet a team player and have the ability to digest and learn new products in an every changing technical environment. The role will suit individuals currently working as a Sales Executive, Sales Engineer, Business Development, Account Manager, Technical Sales Engineer, Electronics Sales Manager. With over 20 years of experience System Recruitment offers excellence in Permanent and Contract recruitment in a wide range of industry sectors. Though we are a generalist agency, a particular strength of ours lies in Information Technology including Technical, Sales and Managerial positions. We are able to tailor our approach to your needs in order to work effectively with you and provide real value.