Title: Investigation EngineerDisposables
Webindex: 72405507
Company: Mansell Recruitment Group
Description: The Company A growing global Company which combines proven clinical technologies with actionable intelligence to improve patient care. The Role TechnicalInvestigation Engineer (Disposables) Responsibilities Review and investigate international customer complaints for assigned products and processes, including the identification of root causes and contributing factors wherever possible. Recommend corrective and/or preventative action(s) related to customer complaint issues. Provide a documented report that clearly outlines the investigation process, investigation findings, frequency of related events, corrective actions and recommendations. Identify and monitor patterns and trends in complaint issues related to assigned product groups. Actively participate in multidisciplinary processes to assess identified risks and to determine mitigations related to product issues, including the preparation and presentation of risk assessment documentation. Escalate high priority issues as well as identified business risks to the appropriate management level. Participate in daily Customer Advocacy meetings to assess and prioritise incoming complaints. Participate in vigilance reporting processes for relevant Competent Authorities and Notified Bodies. Work closely with Manufacturing sites (both the Company and Third Party), R Collaborate/liaise with US Customer Advocacy and International QA/RA teams. Communicate directly with Company international affiliates and customers to gather information about complaints and to provide feedback on investigation results. Ensure crossdiscipline and customer communication is achieved in a timely manner. Develop test protocols and reports where required. Perform other duties as assigned. The Candidate Qualifications Engineer  Degree, HND/HNC in Engineering or equivalent combination of education and experience. Desirable Skills Strong sense of customer focus. Strong interpersonal skills, particularly with customers and suppliers in terms of identifying their issues and managing expectations in terms of solutions. Experience in medical product evaluation, quality engineering and/or complaint management. Knowledge of plastics applications, disposables manufacturing processes, cleanroom manufacturing requirements, sterilisation processes, mould processing and properties of plastic materials used in infusion products. Ability to apply mathematical and statistical processes to interpret data. Knowledge of regulations and ISO requirements related to the medical device industry. Clear and concise report writing skills. Ability to scope and manage projects. High levels of planning and organisational skills. Proactive and the ability to take initiative with a can do attitude. Ability to effectively present information to management, public groups and/or customers. Ability to communicate technical information to nontechnical audiences. Ability to work autonomously and to appropriately prioritise workload independently. Analytical approach to problem solving. Computer literacy in Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, a working knowledge of Microsoft Access would be an advantage. Full driving licence desirable but not essential. Experience of clinical/hospital environments and practices or relevant work experience in the medical device industry. The Package A salary between **** and **** depending upon skill and experience. We operate & advertise as an Employment Agency for permanent positions and as an Employment Business for contract/temporary positions