Title: Operations Manager (critical environments)
Webindex: 70608332
Company: CBSbutler
Description: We are currently recruiting for Operations Manager with experience managing a number of critical contracts within the FM industry. My client is a a leading FTSE 250 Facilities Maintenance company, the over a billion pound turnover and are currently looking for a Operations Manager to work on a high profile critical site. The ideal candidate will have experience working in a Critical or Data Centre environment with a strong knowledge of generators, UPS systems and managing a team of up to **** people at **** given time. As an Operations Manager, you will be responsible for managing 2 sites at one given time in the Milton Keynes and Leicester area. This role will be ideal for a Operations Manager or Contract Manager keen on finding a new permanent opportunity. Aim of the Operations Manager; As an Operation Manager on the Data Centre contract, you will be responsible for the following; Plan, manage and implement the delivery of FM services to Data Centres ensuring operational performance is maintained at all times to the highest possible standards. Provide engineering advice and guidance in general on property matters affecting the ongoing management and development of Data Centres. Main Duties of the Operations Manager; To create engineering and maintenance best practice in critical buildings to protect Clients operations. Management of online insurance reports. Management of oncall registers. Management of Site permit process. High Voltage Authorised Person s Supervising direct reports to achieve best possible performance, utilising company HR policies and procedures as appropriate. Assisting with incident management and subsequent investigation to establish root cause. Supporting the Shift Engineering Teams to ensure correct operation of the critical services of the Data Centres. Supervising staff, both inhouse and external suppliers to deliver a highly focused client service. Coordinating, with the Shift Lead Technicians, planned and unplanned maintenance activities. Write, submit and drive through to approval, change requests needed to complete critical planned maintenance activities. Ensuring the maintenance of accurate plant records, information and reporting systems. Essential Skills and Experience; Qualified to a BTEC NC or Equivalent level, Experience in the operation and maintenance of Data Centre critical systems and understands the full range of M & E equipment in modern Data Centre environment. Professional and strategic approach to management of projects, analytical skills to interpret client requirements and produce desired results. Ability to work under pressure, friendly personality and respectful with client to promote healthy working relationship. Sound knowledge of all aspects of Health & safety This role will be ideal for an Operations or Contract Manager who has experience managing contracts in the Data Centre Industry or Critical environments i.e. hospitals. CBSbutler is a multi award winning Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. CBSbutler is an equal opportunities employer