Title: Principle Process Engineer c****k  Benefits
Webindex: 71362059
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Principle Process Engineer c****k  Benefits North East  Cleveland Ref: SE15195 Qualified and experienced Principle Process Engineer urgently required to supervise and carry out all design work in a specialist engineering group for an international engineering and construction business. Key responsibilities will include: Act as project process engineers on assigned projects including supervising and completing all process design Take responsibility for checking approval of design work Act as proposals process engineer including supervising and completing all design work Provide support to the sales department and construction/commissioning departments Providing training, information or instruction Be aware of legal organisational responsibilities regarding Health, Safety and Environmental issues In order to be considered for this unique opportunity, you will ideally possess a degree in chemical engineering along with chartered status and c10 years experience in the field of process design. As world leaders in their field, they have maintained their reputation for project execution and delivery and have recently been awarded new projects totalling over 650 Million within the Oil Gas, Nuclear and Process Engineering sectors. To support these new projects, immediately required is a Senior Process Engineer. You can expect a Basic Salary of up to ****k with excellent benefits and is commutable from StocktononTees, Middlesbrough, Billingham, Darlington, Redcar, Yarm and ThornabyonTees For more information please contact Sarah Evans on N/A or N/A Alternatively, email a copy of your current CV quoting the above reference number. A full list of live vacancies can be found on our website (url removed) Looking for a job involved with maintenance, service or design for automated machinery, control systems, process control solutions or systems integration projects? Register your details on our website where you will find a full list of live positions where a customised automated search process allows immediate access to new vacancies as they are registered. Free, confidential service. All respondents to this position must be eligible to live and work in the UK  Automation Experts are unable to assist with the award of Visas or UK Work Permits. As a registered engineer, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme where you will receive **** tax free for every engineer we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Automation Experts offer recruitment services on a contract and permanent basis; We support many of the leading companies throughout the UK. For a confidential discussion with an experienced consultant, please do not hesitate to telephone N/A