Title: Electrical project engineer (21 days holiday  Pension)
Webindex: 69776589
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment
Description: Electrical project engineer Nailsea ****  ****  21 days holiday  Pension Are you an electrical project engineer looking to get involved in exciting projects across the UK where you will actively design and commission new systems? My client specialises in the industry of removing harmful chemical and gases from large water deposits and then safely distributing it back into the mains. This makes sites safer too as certain gases such as methane can be explosive in high quantities. In this role you will be responsible for the entire electrical side of the project with a team of engineers underneath you. You will be designing new electrical systems at my client s sites whilst sourcing materials for the work. Once design has been complete you will then travel to customers sites anywhere in the UK and install, test then commission the new systems meaning you get to see the project through from start to finish. My clients are market leaders in the industry and the work they do is cutting edge with vast positive environmental implications. The right candidate will have a great working knowledge of water utilities systems as well as **** phase, PLC programming, AutoCAD, SCADA and AMTECH. From an electrical point of view you must be able to take a project from drawings to finished product so you must be highly skilled with a fantastic work ethic. The role: Designing using CAD Leading project Installing and testing new electric systems Commissioning UK wide travel Mainly based at site The person: Conversant in design packages Excellent electrical skills Basic mechanical skills Background in water utilities is preferable Managerial skills Electrical, Engineer, Project, Design, CAD, Water Utilities, SCADA, AMTECH, PLC, ****Phase, Bristol, Nailsea, MEICA To apply for this role or for to be considered for further roles, please contact us on: (Apply online only) or visit our website at (url removed) This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from engineering candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed