Title: Workshop manager (Mechanical)
Webindex: 71857010
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment Limited
Description: Workshop manager (Mechanical) Castleford ********  Pension  training  Progression Position available for a workshop manager to work in a leading engineering company offering a close knit working environment, lots of autonomy, progression and on the job training. Here is a great opportunity to work in an ambitious company where you will be key in driving forward continuous improvements across the whole site and a play a key role in people management and operational based decisions. Established over 30 years ago, this is a leading design, manufacturing and Service Company which has **** mains sites, one being a manufacturing site in Switzerland and the other a assembly and repair site based in Castleford. Initial being a family run business, this is a highly ambitious site that prides itself on offering an outstanding working environment where you not just counted as a number. As a workshop manager, you will be responsible for managing a team of 8 staff consisting of fitters and assembly workers. This is more of an operational based position with a large focus on people management, continuous improvements and performance related work. Some hands on involvement will be required so being from a strong workshop management background is essential as well as being from a mechanical engineering environment. Here is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced workshop manager to take ownership of an exciting new position in an environment where your decisions are counted but in a company that will progress your career long term The position; Workshop manager Managing 8 staff (Fitters and assembly workers) Lots of focus on people management and continuous improvements (Operational) Some hands on work (Mechanical and reading drawings) Lots of autonomy and progression available The person; Experienced workshop manager Experience in a mechanical engineering environment Strong people management skills Experience in managing KPIS, continuous improvements ect. Good mechanical skills (Read drawing and a little bit of repair) Workshop manager, service, repair, mechanical, heavy, plant, pumps, assembly, fitter, drawings, engineering, hnc, hnd, degree, onc, engineers, assembly This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed.