Title: LEAD INTERNAL AUDITOR (Milton Keynes)
Webindex: 69669955
Company: Randstad
Description: Job Title LEAD INTERNAL AUDITOR (Milton Keynes) Department Name Internal Audit About the Department Our Rail client is at the heart of revitalising Britain s railway. we are involved in some of the most ambitious and diverse ventures the UK has ever seen. This will help us deliver the better railway that is vital for the economic prosperity of this country, transforming how people travel and make a massive difference to passengers and freight users right across Britain. Our Rail clients Internal Audit s (NRIA) objective is to provide the Executive Committee, the Audit amp; Risk Committee and ultimately the Board with independent objective assurance on the design and operation of the system of internal controls. The scope of work of NRIA is to provide reasonable assurance of achievement of Business Objectives. NRIA assess the extent to which: Tone at the top of the organisation shows control and accountability. Key risks are appropriately identified and addressed. Significant financial, managerial and operating information is accurate, reliable and timely. The control framework is appropriately designed. Controls are operating effectively and efficiently. Actions are in compliance with strategy, policies, standards, procedures and applicable laws and regulations. Programmes, plans and objectives are achieved. Significant financial, managerial and operational information is accurate, timely, reliable and communicated appropriately. A Business Integrity team within NRIA will carry out specialist investigations including alleged breaches of Code of Business Ethic Brief Description Lead and deliver planned internal audit assignments as specified in the audit plan. Candidates must have substantial evidence of relevant experience in: Leading audits Adopting friendly and collaborative auditor/auditee relationships Audits of unfamiliar, complex and high level processes and business subjects Aligning audit scopes, testing and recommendations to key business objectives Preferably within a similar industry Key accountabilities: Essential Qualified  Internal Audit (CMIIA) / Accountancy (ACA, CIMA, ACCA) Great interpersonal skills; building and maintaining relationships; influencing senior stakeholders; presentation skills Proficient in time management and planning (both of self and working with others) Well developed verbal and written communication skills; including report writing Adept at gathering and analysing information that is diverse and unfamiliar Desirable Previous operational (ie non internal audit) experience an advantage We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK.