Title: RADAR Analyst
Webindex: 72200812
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Our client are a leading manufacturer of advanced RADAR systems for the marine and defence sectors. They currently have an exciting opportunity for a RADAR analyst to join them at their state of the art new site in Enfield. JOB SCOPE:  To provide analysis of radar and radar related systems.  To produce new radar system design concepts.  To develop models of current and future radar systems to enable design / performance parameters to be established.  To provide technical assistance to other areas of Research and Development. JOB FUNCTIONS:  Develop mathematical models of radar and radar subsystems using appropriate tools: MATLAB, Simulink and Mathcad.  Provide design data for hardware and software developers.  Assist in the validation of developed hardware and software.  Produce / assist in the production of detailed specifications to enable equipment to be developed.  Conduct detailed analysis of radar performance, including on occasion, trials data and produce reports for internal and external customers.  Design and develop digital signal processing algorithms.  Liaise with subsystem suppliers to ensure performance criteria are met.  Play a leading role in the development of new radar systems.  Preparation and presentation of technical papers to customers and external organisations may be required.  Travel within the UK and overseas may be required, and is considered an occasional feature of this role. Requests could be made at short notice.  Any other tasks associated with this role. RECRUITMENT REQUIRMENTS: QUALIFICATIONS/EXPERIENCE:  A Masters or Bachelors Degree in a relevant subject or with equivalent relevant experience.  Proven record of producing designs on time and within budget.  Experience working on Radar or related applications.  Stong experience of digital signal processing based technologies.  Knowledge of modelling and simulation tools such as MATLAB/Simulink.  Algorithm development  conducting trials and analysis of results data To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.