Title: Training Solutions Technical Manager
Webindex: 62530913
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Our client are a major provider of training solutions to the defence market. They currently have an exciting opportunity for a technical manager to lead their Simulation and Training development team. Important Technically experienced with strong leadership and client facing skills The Job Objective This role provides technical leadership and technical assurance to ongoing training projects. It also acts as a focal point for the technical staff involved with the creation of courseware elements and training, as well as having responsibilities for business improvement and influence over the strategic direction of the business unit. This role will form part of the Simulation and Training Business Unit Senior Management Team. The role covers projects that produce courseware, desktop simulations through to full task training aids. Responsibilities / Duties Provide direction and guidance to Technical Manager s on projects as appropriate. Advising on appropriate team skills and shape to deliver business goals, including cross training and succession planning. Specification of tools and processes within the area. Provide technical assurance to projects through the phase review process. Ability to select the most appropriate approach for a given problem. Defining and articulating the proposed solution in either descriptive text or requirement statements. Developing relationships with the client s technical and managerial staff. Continuously looking to improve our current products and processes to add value to the client. Where appropriate, providing guidance and direction to projects throughout their lifecycle (e.g. as a project sponsor). Maintaining an overview of market and technology trends in the external environment. Maintaining links with other training groups in other group companies. Ensuring that the various teams within the BU have well documented procedures which are in line with company standards and that these are being adhered to  including: Ensuring that the project technical requirements are achieved Resolving or managing the resolution of key technical issues that occur on the project as escalated from the project teams. Informing the Project and Programme Manager s of any changes that should be made to plans and working practices. Ensure corporate technical standards are applied and enforced as required. Contribute technical advice and opinion to Programme management meetings and management of project risks, issues and problems. Ensure the configuration control policy is implemented and current. Required Skills; Excellent leadership skills. Relationship management, Stakeholder management and influencing skills. Ability to align group strategy with company business objectives. Ability to make balanced judgments based upon company, customer and industry drivers. Able to communicate complex ideas clearly and concisely. Capable of discussing any aspect of their team s work with a client. Ability to travel to client meetings and international events as required. Able to influence others through effective written documentation. Able to identify opportunities in their specialist area. Desirable Skills; Understanding of the training market place. Experience in development or production of Computer Aided Instruction (CAI) and Computer Based Training (CBT). Experience in development or production of Simulation and Emulation technologies and projects. Relevant experience of working on projects or programmes adhering to methodologies such as PRINCE**** APM and MSP. Understanding of the training solution tools and technologies. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK