Title: Inventor  CAD Engineer
Webindex: 69687213
Company: Sitec
Description: Sitec are currently looking to recruit a CAD Engineer  Inventor for a nuclear MoD establishment based in Reading. The position is for an estimated 12 month contract and is paying circa **** on an hourly basis. CAD Engineer  Inventor Location  Reading Rate  Up to 28.00per hour Successful applicants will be required to be Security Cleared prior to appointment. Job/Role Purpose Delivery of mechanical engineer designs and CAD models to support the Process Plant Equipment facilities Key Accountabilities  Production of CAD models and drawings as instructed by CAD Manager or customer.  Support upkeep of facility Under Configuration Control drawings.  Liaise with customer to confirm requirements.  Understanding of CAD Services procedures and processes.  Understanding of drawing configuration.  Comply with company Health and Safety and Safe Systems of Work regulations. Key Responsibilities  Provide CAD models and manufacturing drawings to support the Process Plant  Equipment Current Facilities  Carry out site surveys.  Self check completed drawings and drawings produced by contractors and/or colleagues for accuracy and compliance to standards.  Production of Process Instrumentation diagrams.  Production of project and proposal drawings as directed by project engineers.  Ensure task documentation is maintained.  Attend project and change control meetings.  Manage own professional development to maintain and develop personal knowledge base, through continuing professional development.  Other duties as directed by the CAD Manager or Engineering Manager Qualifications HND in an Engineering discipline or a recognised Engineering Apprenticeship Design experience of mechanical design preferably within the nuclear industry in particular. Knowledge  A good knowledge of the implications of working within a high security environment.  CAD modeling processes.  Drawing standards BS ****  Document Management Systems, preferably BlueCielo Meridian Experience  Understanding of engineering design for manufacture.  Experience of configuration control.  Ability to use engineering knowledge and understanding to review and select techniques, procedures and methods to undertake tasks. Skills  CAD modeling (Autodesk AutoCAD, INVENTOR, Navisworks)  Good interpersonal and communication skills to ensure effective communication at all levels to both internal and external personnel.  Good technical skills including problem solving and decision making.  IT skills (Word Processing / Spreadsheet / Presentation).