Title: Production / Manufacturing Engineer – Portable Hydraulic Lifting Machines
Webindex: 70187893
Company: Premiere People
Description: Production / Manufacturing Engineer – Portable Hydraulic Lifting Machines Milton Keynes ****  **** Ref MM500810 A key role to support the manufacture of existing and new products, generating effective engineering information, systems, manufacturing processes and facilities, while successfully developing a Lean Manufacturing culture. Duties –  Undertake an engineering review of all customer orders to generate and maintain accurate build specifications and works order information through liaison with Sales /Design and Engineering departments.  Develop and maintain practices to achieve excellent housekeeping standards through 5S and Visual Factory.  Liaise with suppliers to resolve engineering queries and cost improvements  Conduct a ‘make vs buy’ analysis and costing, and review engineering solutions with suppliers to reduce component costs.  Maintaining accuracy of bills of materials and part locations. Develop and maintain the build process documentation and instructions to be used in all areas of production.  Develop logistics by defining and implementing refined parts flow, location organisation and materials control processes such as kanban systems.  Responsible for reviewing and approving efficient drawing issue, drawing changes, and control of drawing hardcopies. Communicate and support any drawing issues, implement changes in production relating from drawings such as stock control and updating build specifications and work orders.  Provide mechanical and electrical fault finding and problem solving support to production personnel, and maintain a fault diagnostics database  Liaise with production personnel to review, implement and control efficiency improvements to engineering specifications, fixtures and toolings, build operations and logistics.  Provide support to quality assurance, and support with supplier, customer and internal quality and engineering issues  Responsibility for analysis, problem solving and development of all production processes, methods and engineering specifications, with a view to maximise effectiveness and efficiency of all operations.  Development of the principles of Cellular Manufacturing, Flow Line and Single Piece Flow across each of the product and supply areas, including balancing, simplification, tooling, fixtures and the configuration and ergonomics of workstations.  People development and training in accordance with the introduction of new methods and practices. Encourage and participate improvements through the use of Total Quality Management Techniques. As well as a competitive salary, you’ll also get a bonus, health cover, contributory pension, life insurance and holiday allowance scheme. Email your CV to , apply directly at , or call me on **** **** to discuss Premiere People is a leading national recruitment consultancy with a network of branches across the UK. We have been established since **** and have grown to a marketleading consultancy. We supply permanent or temporary staff to all areas of business covering a variety of different industry sectors. Please be aware that we are receiving an unprecedented amount of advert response. Therefore, if you have not had a reply within 5 working days we would kindly ask you to assume that your application has been unsuccessful. However, all CVs will be entered into our live database and we will contact you immediately should we feel that we have something of interest for you in the future. In respect of the above role(s), Premiere People operates as an Employment Agency as defined under the Employment Agencies Act ****