Title: Estimator Project Coordinator
Webindex: 69080400
Company: Grad Central
Description: Our client, a leading supplier of timber components to the construction trades, is currently recruiting for an Estimator and Project Coordinator to join their business based in StokeonTrent, Staffordshire. This is a fantastic opportunity for the successful candidate to join a rapidly expanding company, where you will have responsibility of estimating and coordinating projects within a complex machining department. Role: Estimator & Project Coordinator Location: StokeonTrent, Staffordshire Salary: **** As an Estimator & Project Coordinator, you will significantly contribute to the continued growth of the company by taking responsibility for estimating, follow up and project coordinating. In addition the role will involve: Interpreting drawings and creating list of parts Extracting information from tender documents in order to prepare quotes Obtaining costs from subcontractors or suppliers Estimating costs Ongoing development of the costing system Liaise with colleagues in the CAD and manufacturing team to ensure all details are documented and understood Liaise with production planner to establish production/delivery dates Liaise with clients and main contractors Direct contact with customers and key decision makers The successful candidate will ideally be educated to degree level in a relevant discipline and possess previous experience of estimating and project coordination, preferably within a woodworking, timber or construction environment. In addition to this, you will be a dynamic person who has strong IT and analytic skills, combined with exceptional understanding of drawings and plans. Candidates must also have the following: Experience with CAD (Autocad, SolidWorks or similar) Full understanding of construction plans and technical drawings Full Driving licence Grad Central is a new service aimed at matching the best graduates with companies across the West Midlands and is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. If you have not previously registered on the Grad Central website, by applying for this role you agree to be automatically added to our database of job seekers. You will be issued with login details to your own Grad Central account where you can update your profile with your job preferences, set up job alerts and access our bank of helpful job hunting information. If you do not wish us to hold onto your details you can delete your profile from our database by logging in and following the relevant options. We do not pass on any information to third parties. Please refer to our website for our full terms and conditions