Title: Technical AuthorUtilities Peterborough****ph
Webindex: 70608512
Company: Jonathan Lee Recruitment Ltd
Description: A Technical Author is required on a 3month contract, based in Peterborough, with a leading engineering consultancy specialising in Water Treatment. The Technical Author will provide operation and maintenance manual services to complement project delivery and ensure that the correct level of information is provided in a timely manner, at the correct phase of any project to enable the commissioning of works and the safe operation of plants. The Technical Author will report directly to the Design Manager and responsibilities will include:  Preparation / organisation of graphics as required for completion of the OandM.  Layout manual schemes/draft for agreement with project team / end user.  Establishing contract specific requirements for manuals.  Ensuring manuals provide safe operation and maintenance instructions and are in line with all current legislation and good working practice.  Drive continuous improvement in technical delivery. Work with the design teams to facilitate the integration of ongoing improvement initiatives into the design process. Applicants must have:  Experience in a Technical Author role  a prior track record on Water Treatment projects would be desirable.  A strong technical background in an engineering sector.  Knowledge of documentation for both Mechanical and/or Electronic designs.  Excellent communication skills.  Ideally educated to high standard in an engineering discipline, minimum HND/HNC. Our client offers competitive rates and is keen to interview prospective canddiates immediately. If you would like to be considered, please forward your CV to Alec Price at Jonathan Lee Recruitment. If you require further information please contact (Apply online only) quoting reference **** Your CV will be forwarded to Jonathan Lee Recruitment, a leading engineering and manufacturing recruitment consultancy established in 1978. The services advertised by Jonathan Lee Contracts are those of an Employment Business