Title: Maintenance Control Engineer
Webindex: 68575216
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Job Purpose: To provide engineering support to the fleet of aircrafts by the coordination of technical data. Key responsibilities: Maintain oversight of fleet compliance. Provide time limited ADD management. Provide a single communication channel for all Engineering operational departments. Coordinate efficient and effective AOG support and recovery. Maintain a computer based electronic shift incident/handover log for the department including any AOG issues. Liaise with Operations on all maintenance activities planned for the fleet and ensure the Operations flight information system is updated with the maintenance requirements. Provide oversight on tasks that are falling due to ensure plans are in place for their completion and that the relevant bases are made aware of the requirements. Utilise SAP and liaise with the Short Term Planner, ensure work orders, work packs, check packs and associated paperwork is issued for the production areas to carry out the planned maintenance programme. Maintain communication links with all areas of the operation and coordinate directly with the Line Maintenance department. Ensure the aircraft status is maintained within the FOPS centre providing information on aircraft availability, location and role equipment status. Ensure any unscheduled configuration change requirement, within their remit, is communicated to the appropriate departments for action. Manage and supervise Maintrol personnel within their control on shift. Report and record any deviations from the maintenance schedule to the Airworthiness Engineer out of hours. Be personally responsible for engaging in all facets of the role in line with the requirements of the SMS, Quality and Environmental Management Systems to provide a safe and efficient outcome to all that you do. About the person: Takes responsibility to build and maintain positive relationships with others. Demonstrably adapts their communication style to get the optimal outcome from their interactions, and build relationships. Understands the need to anticipate and address potential conflict at the individual, team or project level. Does not avoid difficult situations and settles issues quickly. Takes personal responsibility to ensure a consistent focus on all safetyrelated issues throughout the Company. Takes full ownership for delivering their agreed objectives and other commitments made. Agrees SMART objectives with team members and empowers them to deliver on their performance. Demonstrates full ownership and a passion for service excellence. Carefully manages the service expectations of both internal and external customers. Adapts to changes by learning and improving.