Title: C++ Software Engineer/ Test Engineer
Webindex: 67955317
Company: Experis
Description: We are looking for a C++ Software Engineer to join the Software group. You will initially be responsible for specifying, designing, developing and supplying Test Equipment software solutions for Aviation Power product programmes. It is a good opportunity to join a growing team of software engineers with plenty of opportunities to be trained in technical and soft skills. Responsibilities: • Design and develop software to production standards, complying with all current regulatory and safety requirements. • Generate a documentation suite for the software from original requirements through to formal release procedures. • Develop flexible design solutions which are appropriate and scalable to end user requirements. • Reuse the design and software to extend the current software baseline. Design Patterns are applied throughout. • Liaise with project, manufacturing, test equipment, inservice personnel and other stakeholders to capture original and changed requirements. • Support the verification, integration, commissioning, and ongoing support of test software on target hardware. • Help organise and run technical design reviews. Requirements: • Relevant degree from an accredited university or college or equivalent level of knowledge and experience • Experience of developing software for high integrity electronics/computing equipment. • Experience of using Design Patterns • Ability to communicate at all levels and present information concisely. • Good experienced of C++ Characteristics: • Comfortable using oscilloscopes, DMMs, etc • Experience of Borland C++ libraries and environment • Experience of test equipment design, development, and hardware/software integration for Aviation Power products. • Flexible approach to problem solving. • Ability to deliver solutions ontime, to budget and required quality Benefits Include: Pension Scheme.Flexible BenefitsRelocation Package.Global OpportunitiesGood location and working environment.Good opportunities for career development, regular reviews and career planning. Successful applicants will be required to undergo UK MOD security clearance prior to appointment.