Title: Application Engineer
Webindex: 67368987
Company: Acorn Recruitment
Description: Are you an experienced Application Engineer? Do you live within a commutable distance to North Devon? Do you speak German or French? (It is an essential requirement of the role to possess one or both of these languages) We are looking to appoint an experienced Application Engineer to join a successful, Industry leading Engineering company in North Devon. The purpose of the role is to provide technical marketing assistance in the design and integration of customer applications. Provide technical support to sales staff in determining possible applications of company product to customer requirements. The successful Application Engineer May prepare and present demonstrations and applications of company products. The successful Application Engineer may also provide training and follow up technical support for customers and distributors, refer and problems to the Supervisor and must adhere to all health Responsible for product selection assistance based on customer specified requirements. Customer liaison between Product design, Production and other internal departments. Communicate professionally via telephone, Email, fax, and occasionally in person. Interprets customer needs and aids the customer in defining technical and commercial requirements. Prepares product pricing proposals and documents the proposal both for presentation to the customer and for internal reference. Works with field sales (outside sales) to manage assigned accounts for product direction, profitability, growth, and attaining sales objectives. Assists in developing standard procedures and policies to support lean methods in the office environment and performance measurement metrics. Assists in defining and implementing marketing plans to gain new customers and achieve sales growth objectives. The successful Application Engineer will possess the following skills/experience/qualifications:  Must be able to speak German and be confident enough to speak to German customers Ability to lead by example, setting high standards for effective communications both internally and externally. Basic computer skills including Microsoft Office Products (Excel, Word, Power Point Demonstrated ability to learn quickly with a willingness to obtain functional knowledge and understanding of company products, policies and procedures. Excellent oral Superior email and telephone etiquette. Ability to understand and respond to customers in a dynamic, fastpaced environment. Demonstrated ability to work independently and in a team environment to improve the service levels to customers. Ability to work well in stressful situations and to remain calm and positive. Ability to manage multiple tasks with frequent interruptions. Ability to calculate resultant force loads and deflection as well as figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, percentages Understanding of tolerances Ability to interpret ****D drawings and sketches The successful Application Engineer will be educated to Bachelor degree (B.S) **** year university, or equivalent qualification of experience and/or education. Please apply by emailing a CV today