Title: Senior Project Control Integration Professional
Webindex: 67948703
Company: Rullion Engineering Ltd
Description: As the Senior Project Control and Integration Professional you will be responsible for establishing and maintaining key elements of the project control system artefacts including project Organisational Breakdown Structure, Work Breakdown Structure, Responsibility Assignment Matrix, Cost Breakdown Structure and budget allocation for the delivery stream. Accordingly it s a very technically involved role, and you ll need to be technologically astute whilst still demonstrating a high degree of project control experience. You ll be managing a small team, providing data and support in order to facilitate the consistent and proactive management of issues, risks and opportunities within the delivery stream; as such this is a highly visible role, requiring liaison with numerous internal stakeholders. As well as the base salary we offer a full range of benefits, including pension, paid annual leave, health care schemes, Share Incentive plans, and numerous others. As a Senior Project Control Professional your key duties will include: To deliver appropriate cost management including management of work authorisation, cost collection, etc. within the delivery stream. To support the quarterly Estimate at Complete (EAC) refresh process; ensuring that data supports generation of a robust EAC within a delivery stream, including ensuring actuals/variances are understood by the delivery stream leads. To contribute to monthly project status reports (contract review pack) and quarterly contract status reviews. The provision of relevant data, information and analyses where required. To support the delivery teams in developing understanding of programme EAC driving continuous improvement in project performance. To ensure that resource requirements of the delivery stream are identified and articulated correctly through the formal project control systems (PDDe). As a Senior Project Control Professional your key skills and qualifications will include: HND or equivalent, with extensive experience in a project control position. Experience in the application of Earned Value Management techniques, as well as Baseline Management and generation of a detailed Estimate at Complete. APMP/PMDY or equivalent training would be beneficial. Previous exposure to Microsoft Project. Demonstrable experience of continuous improvement of processes and procedures (ideally in project control) would be advantageous.