Title: Machinist / Centre Lathe Turner
Webindex: 69081107
Company: Kelburn Recruitment
Description: Our client, based in County Durham specialise in the reverse engineering of rotating equipment. The company is positioning its self for growth and requires the right people to assist in its continued success. Due to this plan they have a fantastic opportunity for a Conventional Machinist to join the business on a permanent basis. The Machinist / turner reports directly to the Machine Shop Supervisor, and is responsible for the production of components from drawings, utilizing various methods of machining to include Manual turning, manual milling, slotting and grinding (surface, universal). The suitable applicant must also be fully conversant in both Metric and Imperial measurement. Parts produced are either built into assemblies in house or supplied to customers worldwide as spares for rotating pieces of equipment. The role is as part of a small team which sees a great variety of components pass through the Machine shop, so good team work and machining capability is essential to achieve the best results in a growing business. Ideally the successful candidate will be a time served Engineer / Machinist / Toolmaker with a proven track record in the rotating equipment industry with experience of working with alloy and exotic steels. Key responsibilities To ensure Safety and Quality procedures are adhered to and assist in the improvement of processes. Timely production of parts to predetermined deadlines. Produce work to the highest quality standard to achieve customer satisfaction. Work within British Standards as per company procedures. Support internal teams to get to the root cause of specific issues. To take part in specialist or multidisciplinary team activities. To behave in a professional manor at all times when dealing with customers, suppliers and colleagues. Person Specification Honest Reliable Punctual Flexible approach to tasks Experienced in manual machining operations