Title: Marketing Manager  Trowbridge
Webindex: 68672373
Company: Adecco Group
Description: Our client is looking for an experienced Marketing Manager to head up a new role as Marketing Business Partner. You be directly responsible for your budget with a degrees of autonomy to make decisions without sign off . You have the ability to develop this role with lots of scope to be creative and really mould this role into what you want it to be. Objective and Purpose: The overall objective is to significantly raise the profile of the commercial vehicle division for the smallmedium businesses. This role is responsible for all aspects of marketing for the Commercial Vehicle business unit. To support sustained customer growth and retention by creating and delivering effective marketing solutions for this specialist business, whilst raising its industry profile. To implement the effective use of a CRM system (Salesforce) across the CV business and opening up new (identified) channels to market. Candidate Specification You must have a minimum of ****year marketing management experience working across the full marketing mix Proven history of results with the knowledge and experience of exhausting every possible avenue of marketing Be flexible with hours and travel around the UK Experience or drive and confidence to promote at trade shows, dealer presentations and Displays. To pitch t clients and customers. Good knowledge of Salesforce CRM system capability of taking control of the system Creatively minded with strong analytical and reporting skills Excellent presentation, interpersonal and communication skills in order to understand customer requirements and create and present MI and presentations for internal and external customers Highly proficient in the use of Microsoft Office applications (Excel, Access, Powerpoint, Word Commercially aware with the ability to present results in a clear and succinct manner Excellent attention to detail at all times The post holder is directly accountable for the following outputs: It is expected that in discharging these accountabilities the post holder will consult with and gain the support of the key stakeholders, in particular the Divisional Managing Director, Head of Sales and other key departmental Managers. Strategy and Planning Participating within the wider Marketing Team, contribute to the setting and achievement of key department objectives. Work with the Head of Marketing to deliver the department's business plan. Key deliverables To deliver class leading, proactive service and to ensure the following activities are completed: Launch new market channels Implementation and application of CRM system (Salesforce) Lead generation via direct mail, email, text and telesales Ensure regular effective updating and development of website content relevant Initiate and manage ongoing marketing/PR campaigns in selected trade press Customer events, hospitality and trade show organisation (very occasional weekend/evening work) Comprehensive marketing support for sales, customer service and operational teams Production and presentation of monthly report to Management Team Manage the delegated marketing budget to ensure best value for money at all times Manage and respond to ad hoc report requests in a timely manner 'Adecco are an Equal Opportunities Employer' 'Adecco operate as an Recruitment Agency'Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingManagerTrowbridge_job****