Title: Graduate Copywriter ****
Webindex: 69643834
Company: STEP ENTERPRISE
Description: Established in 1972, DOC Cleaning Limited are a family run business in the cleaning industry, priding itself in offering a professional, conscientious and loyal service to its clients. The company has built up a growing reputation since its formation and has been awarded a Royal Warrant of Appointment to Her Majesty the Queen. The company provides cleaning services for various Blue Chip clients and some of London s most recognisable buildings, including The National Gallery, The London Transport Museum and the Houses of Parliament. The role This opportunity is offered over a period of 12 weeks to assist with the review of all company literature. You will be required to assist with the rewriting, formatting and updating of the company s literature and documentation, including their promotional, training and compliance manuals and marketing materials. By undertaking this internship you will be able to put your relevant skills into practice through practical activities, and will be able to broaden your knowledge in a professional environment. You will also gain an insight into the operation of a medium sized business, and exposure to all aspects of the commercial activity, within an office environment. Skills required You will be a recent graduate, having completed modules in either one or more of the following:  Marketing  Copy writing  Proof reading  Design  Journalism You will have excellent writing skills, being able to write concisely and creatively from drafts, and will be confident in selfediting and proof reading your own work. With a flair for corporate design, you will have a general understanding of the marketing process. You will also be able to comprehend the requirements of the documentation and will relate them to the targeted audience of all literature. In order for your application to be considered it is important that you fully complete the registration process including a strong personal statement along with details of your education, skills and your work experience. By completing a full registration this will allow us to consider you for other roles that might be of interest and allow us to be more proactive in helping you to find quality work experience and perhaps permanent employment. You will receive a training allowance of **** a week, free from Tax and National Insurance deductions.