Title: Digital Account Manager  Leading Global Consumer PR Agency
Webindex: 69585249
Company: Hanson Search Ltd
Description: As Digital Account Manager you will be the integral component for this agencies leading new and high profile accounts, giving you the opportunity to play a major role in the consultancies development. You will be very client facing and be heavily involved in the development, implementation and execution of strategic communication plan. My client is one of the most recognisable names in the PR world and offers serious progression to each and every one of the people who work there. They employ only the best of the best making it a particularly exciting and fulfilling place to be. The company is continually growing whilst already having an extensive global presence. Their client list makes for impressive reading and they are most certainly at the top of their game. The ideal candidate will ooze creativity and be a team player who is hungry for all things digital. As Digital Account Manager you will be involved in preparing and delivering communications strategies with vast budgets and the opportunity to progress quickly. Candidates must: Have digital account management experience working with well known clients Have a genuine interest in and sound knowledge of Social Media and Digital PR Experience in coordinating social media with PR activities/strategies If this sounds like the career move you are looking for then please contact Amy at Hanson Search on **** **** **** or email amy.stewarthansonsearch.com Not for you? Recommend a friend and you could be eligible for our referral reward scheme. We can only respond to those people who are successful at application stage, but all details we be held on file and Hanson Search will contact you in the future if we have a suitable position. Hanson Search encourages applicants from all ages backgrounds. Selection is based on merit alone, but candidate must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the advertised country. Hanson Search specialists in PR and strategic communications recruitment. With specialists in Consumer, Corporate, Financial, Healthcare and Pharmaceutical, Public Sector, Technology, Digital and Public Affairs. Serving the UK, European and International markets, for agency and inhouse; freelance and permanent work. REC accredited.