Title: Regional Field Manager
Webindex: 71799676
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Working for Cosine, three times winner of the Field Marketing Agency of the Year award and on behalf of one of the world`s leading financial services companies. Cosine are recruiting for a Regional Field Manager, you will have experience working within the SME sector, managing and developing teams. As a successful Field Manager you will be required to deliver highly effective training and coaching sessions, and have excellent communication skills, to enable you to engage and motivate your team. Your personality, ability to communicate and be proactive will ensure that you are a great Ambassador for the brand and take a leading role in how your team continually adds value to our client offering. Acting as a firstline manager/supervisor, you will need to be able to demonstrate a high degree of professionalism, driving and delivering results and focusing on individual and team performance against client targets. You will have an excellent understanding of technology, reporting on key performance indicators and incall audits, inline with deadlines and quality standards, using handheld tablets. Your hunger for success and ability to get the best from others will ensure that you are able to achieve through your team your targets. This role will require you to lead national and/or regional team meetings, this may include travelling to client offices or nationwide for training, some overnights will also be required. Cosine will be holding interviews for this role, if you are shortlisted for an interview you will need to be available w/c 11th or w/c18th February 2013. The successful candidate will be required to work 37.5 hours per week typically Monday  Friday 9am5.30pm, you will receive a salary of **** per annum, along with a tablet for reporting, company car, business mileage expenses and holiday entitlement. You will find all of our current vacancies on the Join Us section of our website. To find out about new vacancies as they arrive, Like Us on Facebook, Follow Us on Twitter Join Our Group on LinkedIn by searching for Cosine Jobs .