Title: Bids / Pitch Manager Jobs In Scotland
Webindex: 68981791
Company: Eden Scott
Description: Eden Scott's client is a market leading professional services organisation with an excellent record of recent growth. They are looking to recruit a Pitch/Bids and Proposals Manager to join their Business Development and Marketing team, based from Edinburgh. This is a key role as the firm looks to further professionalise its commercial activities within a highly competitive market. Reporting to the Marketing Director, you will provide a proactive and professional pitch capability to the firm, with a view to achieving uplift in quality and success rate of competitive tenders and will improve and streamline their existing pitch process by introducing best practice, informed by the latest pitching techniques. Key responsibilities: Manage the pitch process from start to finish on the firm's major tenders, with support from the BD Executives. Provide strategic and practical advice to feeearners on all aspects of the pitch process. Advise feeearners on pricing and assist in the evaluation of pitch opportunities. Coach feeearners on the pitch process and undertake and advise on pitch presentation rehearsals. Advise feeearners on best practice in pitches. Undertake post pitch debrief meetings with feeearners. Undertake post pitch debrief telephone calls with clients to determine reasons for success or failure. Set up the appropriate systems and processes, including templates and standard copy, to improve the pitch process. Maintain up to date information on the firm's policies and procedures, for use in pitches. Maintain library of information on the firm's core practice groups, sectors and standard feeearner biographies. To undertake any other reasonable duties as required by the manager Key skills: Highly experienced in managing all aspects of the pitch process, from RFP to post pitch feedback. Excellent writing skills and an effective communicator. Proven project management skills and the ability to manage deadlines. Strong attention to detail and the ability to think laterally. Fully conversant with procurement processes and the latest pitch techniques. Gravitas and credibility to build effective working relationships with feeearners, business support teams and clients. Servicedriven approach, with the ability to perform effectively when under pressure. Team player with a collaborative and consultative style. Previous experience in a comparable role in either Professional Services and/or a blue chip Corporate environment is essential. To be considered for this role you will be educated to degree level and will be flexible with regular travel to London. Salary ****  **** DOE  company benefits