Title: Marketing & BD senior Executive  City law firm  to ****k
Webindex: 69170330
Company: Forrester McKenzie Recruitment Limited
Description: This leading City law firm are looking to recruit an experienced senior Marketing BD Executive Working as part of a small team, the role will be varied and include: Key Account Management – working closely with the Business Development Manager to develop activity focused on maintaining and developing relationships with global key clients within the firm’s core sectors. Working closely with the account teams to ensure the development of client plans, implementation of key account best practice and the efficient delivery of client focused initiatives including fulfilling reporting requirements set by the key clients. Account Manager role for several key clients of the firm. Pitch production and other collateral – working closely with partners, throughout the firm’s network of offices, to develop clientspecific proposals for all major pitches. Writing and compiling proposal documents and overseeing overall production. Production of presentation materials and participation in facetoface pitch meetings. Ensuring implementation of pitch best practice, monitoring of pitch success/failure and maintain pitch library. Encourage and undertake pitch followups and debriefs. Produce effective marketing collateral to support other business development initiatives Developing new clients for the firm  both through targeting and through extending relationships with existing clients of the firm. Working with the Business Development Manager to advise sector/practice groups and individual partners in developing business development strategy and targets. Monitor and report on progress against business development targets. Work with members of the communications team to develop and projectmanage leads developed from firm wide events and publications. Encourage and support greater cross selling opportunities – encouraging cross selling across the office through internal communication and bespoke initiatives. Business, market sector and competitor analysis  to identify and report new business development opportunities for key targets/clients. To ensure such information is shared as necessary with the business. To conduct detailed research on target clients/sectors as and when requested by partners and fee earners. BD projects  working with the Business Development Manager identify appropriate training needs and courses (designing them if appropriate) to increase business development skills firm wide. Key Skills Experience Required Key account management experience essential. Previous experience of working in a consultative environment with partners and senior lawyers. CIM qualification or equivalent preferred. Proven experience to drive projects/initiatives forward. Proactive individual with excellent organisation/project management skills . Strong interpersonal skills including oral/written communications, influencing, diplomacy, flexibility, tenacity. Ability to work on own initiative, show innovation and develop projects further with little supervision. Strong IT skills including PowerPoint, Excel, Word, InterAction (or similar CRM database). Team player but with ability to be self motivated and operate alone. It is Forrester McKenzie's policy, as a matter of courtesy to respond to all applications within three working days. However because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Forrester McKenzie is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingBDseniorExecutiveCitylawfirmto****k_job****