Title: Senior Experience Executive
Webindex: 68678592
Company: Morph Talent
Description: Senior Experience Executive Our client, a Top 30, award winning Market Research agency is looking to appoint an Senior Experience Executive to work with one of the UK's largest advertisers. Candidates must have at least least 23 years’ experience of working agency or client side in market research. The Agency Our client is an innovative, award winning market research agency using a combination of real time response through text messaging, online diaries and more traditional questionnaires, to unearth new insight on the ways people are connecting with brands. They work with some of the biggest advertisers both in the UK and globally helping them to make decisions about their campaigns. Last year they were shortlisted for Best Small/Medium Enterprise at the National Business Awards and also nominated as Best Agency in the Market Research Awards 2011. This year they are finalists in the Best Place to Work category. There is simply no better time to join an exciting team. Senior Experience Executive Your day to day role As a Senior Experience Executive (SEE) you will have a clear understanding of running projects end to end, contributing to each phase of a project and advising both your client and your team internally on key insights of the studies you work on. You will have at least 23 years’ experience in working agency side in market research. We have a specific role we are recruiting for working with one of UK’s largest advertisers on a dynamic and constantly changing account. This role requires the candidate to demonstrate the following skills and experience: Experience of working on large quantitative trackers and how to manage multiple tasks concurrently A complete understanding of the market research process A selfstarter who likes owning projects and seeing them through to completion is essential for the role Comfortable writing questionnaires and making questionnaire changes that suit the client’s business objectives as well as the internal processes Comfortable writing clear and detailed data specs to support the team’s analysis needs Have a keen eye for detail and excellent organisation skills Experience of working as part of a team and with different colleagues, internal and external Enjoy problem solving and generating new ideas and processes Researching, evaluating and analysing data to the highest quality standards Take pride in delivering outstanding work as part of a team and to your clients Joining a team of 8 and reporting into the Senior Account Director, you will manage junior executives to support you in running the tracker efficiently and with energy and enthusiasm. You will also be responsible for supporting managers and directors to deliver insightful recommendations to clients. Apply now to become our Senior Experience Executive This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorExperienceExecutive_job****