Title: CRM Marketing Specialist
Webindex: 71452915
Company: PFJ
Description: CRM Marketing Specialist London ******** per hour Company I am looking for a detail orientated marketing professional to serve as a CRM Marketing Specialist for my client for Business at their European headquarters based in London. The role will support a fastpaced, Direct Marketing team focused on retaining and engaging existing business, primarily through email marketing and direct mail. Responsibilities The CRM Marketing Specialist will help execute email campaigns and direct mail programs to support engagement and revenue growth across the globe. Coordinating the development and delivery of retention programs, including promotional announcements, monthly newsletters, trigger programs and adhoc, targeted campaigns. Conduct and analyse regular testing of subject lines, content, layout, segmentation approaches, etc. to improve programme performance. Coordinate activities of design, content, translation, external agency and engineering teams to meet multiple, interdependent deadlines. Perform regular analysis to measure performance and identify opportunities to improve retention rates and customer engagement, and therefore revenue. Work with all members of the CRM team to develop programming calendars and project schedules. Build and rigorously test email campaigns, verifying copy, layout, links, and dynamic content as well as accessing and addressing any spam risks. Analyse and report on results of email and direct mail campaigns, leveraging learning's to improve future performance. Strong knowledge of best practices for email creative, segmentation, dynamic content, testing methodologies, deliverability, list growth, etc. Experience of working with sophisticated selfservice email delivery tools and customer management systems. Working knowledge of HTML. Person Profile The CRM Marketing Specialist will need to demonstrate previous exposure to email and direct marketing required, with handson experience building and deploying email campaigns and using inhouse and/or ESP tools. The CRM Marketing Specialist will also need a high level of attentiontodetail and the ability to juggle multiple responsibilities and shifting priorities. Luke Cox Senior Consultant **** We have a variety of temporary jobs within this sector at present, so if this is one is not suitable; please call me on **** to discuss other exciting opportunities which you can apply for. Please check out my profile on LinkedIn: Search for LUKE PFJ