Title: eCommerce Strategist
Webindex: 68709336
Company: Ad Lib
Description: This is full service digital agency delivers result driven end to end eCommerce solutions across an impressive portfolio of multichannel retail clients. With significant momentum behind their offering they are now in need of a talented eCommerce Strategist. The eCommerce Strategist will be at the core of their offering. Helping clients to create engaging experiences across devices, channels and interactions that are integrated into the purchase journey (online and offline). Above all, they`ll be helping clients exploit the opportunity of emerging digital technology to create better user experiences, ensuring digital works across the marketing mix and is integrated into the overall purchase journey (online and instore). This calls for a Digital Strategist with significant eCommerce experience to ensure innovation and creativity are at the heart of the offering. The primary function of this role will be to lead the development of digital strategies with clients, working with a team of specialists across all disciplines. This will include research (brand, user journeys etc.), and market/competitor analysis, to unearth insights that will drive core strategy and creative inputs. This will be a senior, clientfacing role, capable of communicating at Marketing Director/Board level. The right candidate will have proven retail experience gained either working clientside at a retailer in a strategic role, or agencyside with significant retail experience in a Strategic/Planning role. You may be a strategic Account Director or equally stem from a background in CRM /Data/Comms Planning, Insight/Research focus or User Experience. Either way you`ll be a strong team player, able to work collaboratively, comfortable managing multiple projects, be highly organised and at home grappling with a creative brief. In return you can expect a salary c.****k, pension, life assurance and genuinely excellent working environment, sensible hours and the opportunity to work with some of the best digital people in the South West. Please apply now for further information. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/eCommerceStrategist_job****