Title: Client Services Executive  (PR)
Webindex: 71292885
Company: AF Selection
Description: An outstanding opportunity to join a leading full service agency as Client Services Executive (PR) with the opportunity to be homebased. Our client is an established full service agency, with a difference: all of their employees are based from home with a requirement to attend their office in the East Midlands a couple of times per month and to visit clients. This is an opportunity to work on their PR focussed clients, where you will be writing copy of the highest standard for a mixture of clients across both b2b and consumer but including housing, public and private sector work, and will also be selling in your stories to a mixture of regional, local and national press. Naturally, given the level of the role, you will report into a Manager and a Director, so a lot of your role will be implementation; however, you will liaise with the clients to agree and implement their PR programmes through media relations, events, publications, social media and any other appropriate platforms. You will produce and present PR reports as well as acting as a conduit between your clients and other colleagues. You will also play a part in pitching for new business by attending presentations and interviews with potential new clients. Our client will consider various backgrounds for this role, but you must have held a creative writing position (either journalism or PR, inhouse or agency) and have proven experience of writing strategic press releases and sellingin to journalists. The role is home based and our client will pay for installation of broadband and other essential elements of setting up an office from home; they also pay generous mileage when you do need to be out and about, although this does make it essential that you drive and have access to a vehicle. They also offer a great package of benefits including pension and childcare vouchers. Our client is looking to appoint as soon as possible so please do not delay in sending in your CV Please mark it for the attention of Emma Tee and send it to consultafselection.co.uk , or call **** **** **** for an initial discussion.