Title: Mobile Sales Executive HUGE Media Owne
Webindex: 71596991
Company: Ultimate Asset
Description: THE COMPANY The last couple of years have seen rapid change in the company. To stay ahead of the curve, a number of digital functions spread across the company have started a process towards centralisation and shared, focused objectives. The hard work continues, and they are constantly improving, growing and looking for individuals who have a passion for digital publishing and want to work towards building the best digital publisher products in the market. THE ROLE WILL INCLUDE:  Supporting the Director of Mobile Advertising in daily tasks as required e.g. sales proposal development, agency/client hit list preparation, client research for pitches, sales material production, attendance of meetings as required, internal training session preparation etc  Supporting the financial management of mobile advertising e.g. entering mobile orders onto the ad booking system, liaising with Finance on monthly revenue figures as required, chasing up partner payments etc  Regular market research reports, from competitor analysis to developments in mobile ad formats, to targeting technology developments etc  Complete all campaign delivery reports  Working closely with the Mobile product team to ensure all mobile sales materials are kept up to date with the latest stats, product updates etc  Support the Digital Sales team with mobile advertising requirements REQUIREMENTS The candidate must have mobile advertising knowledge and a solid understanding of mobile production/publishing would be good too. Knowledge of the mobile news services currently available in the UK would also be an advantage. You will need to maintain uptodate knowledge of the mobile advertising market, a passion for emerging technologies and welldefined interpersonal and diplomatic skills are required. Excellent communication skills are essential, both written and verbal. Also necessary are effective time management skills and the ability to juggle competing priorities to tight deadlines. Accompanying this must be superior planning and organisational skills. Experience working within the mobile advertising space is mandatory. Call James Mead on **** to find out more.