Title: USA Digital & Direct Marketing Executive  London
Webindex: 68684797
Company: Sweaty Betty
Description: USA Digital Direct Marketing Executive  London ****k (plus bonus, generous clothing allowance weekly yoga) Details We create, empower, innovate, inspire, push the boundaries and most important of all practise what we preach From yoga clothes to running kit, ski to beach, gym wear to tennis apparel, Sweaty Betty is the fitness clothing brand of choice. With **** boutiques around the UK, including concessions in world famous department stores Harrods and Selfridges, web and mobile sites in the UK USA, Sweaty Betty gym wear is synonymous with innovative, feminine designs for enhanced performance. Context An exciting opportunity has opened up in the fast paced, fast growing Direct team at Sweaty Betty. The role is to assist with driving existing and new customers to all the Sweaty Betty USA channels: website, mobile website and call centre, via digital and direct marketing activity. What you’ll be doing:  Support manager in driving visitors and sales via digital marketing channels: SEM: Paid (PPC), SEM Natural/SEO, Affiliates, Email, Partnerships, Retargeting  Communicating on a weekly basis with agencies about product launches, internal marketing initiatives, promotional activity  Communicating internally about digital marketing initiatives  Reporting and analysing results from each online marketing channel  Providing the CRM agency with monthly updates of data from Google Analytics and other internal systems  Catalogue distribution and management: coordinate catalogue activity with printers and mailing house  Responsible for creating online promotions  Build and maintain a library of competitor catalogues, offers and emails  Responsible for coordinating online competitions and prize draws  Working with the marketing and ecommerce teams on relevant US content What you’ll have: You’re educated to degree level or equivalent you have at least 2 years’ experience working in a USA marketing related role and ideally you'll have worked and lived Stateside. You’ll be a sports participant with a passion for the SB brand. You're numerate and analytical and have experience with Affiliate marketing, PPC and SEO is preferred Who you are: You are confident with working and developing relationships with external agencies and internal departments. Flexible and enthusiastic about working in a fast paced, fast growing business. Being proactive, well organized and the ability to prioritise and multitask is essential. You will be numerate with solid skills in Microsoft Excel. Your communication skills, both written and verbal must be excellent, along with the ability to pay close attention to detail. Most of all you should love the Sweaty Betty brand as much as we do. If this sounds like you we would love to hear from you Please email your CV and covering letter to iwanttoworksweatybetty.com . We are looking for someone to start in January so please get in touch soon. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/USADigitalDirectMarketingExecutiveLondon_job****