Title: Account Director  Sports Marketing & Sponsorship
Webindex: 68184900
Company: Fresh Connect Recruitment
Description: A Global public relations agency is looking for an ambitious and professional Account Director to join their Sports Marketing & Sponsorship team, based in the heart of London. Leading the way on a portfolio of impressive accounts in the Sports Marketing & Sponsorship sector you will drive the effective development and delivery of successful campaigns, ensuring that deadlines are met and clients are consistently satisfied. The successful candidate will also be confident in managing teams and developing new proposals and have excellent interpersonal and presentation skills. Key qualities which this agency is seeking include: Digital PR experience and the ability to provide insight A broad knowledge of the sector Strong media relations skills A good contacts book A strategic mindset Team leadership skills A collaborative approach Experience working on big sports brands The proven ability to identify, pitch for and win new business Budgeting skills This role will see you building and maintaining effective working relationships with clients and also working extensively to build new business opportunities. This means you will aim to fully understand clients' business needs and ensure they receive a quality service, offering regular updates and strategic advice at a senior level wherever possible. Agency experience is essential in order to be eligible for this post. You must also have held or hold a similar position in the Sports Marketing & Sponsorship sector with proven success which you're able to discuss and illustrate. To be considered, you must also have excellent writing and communication skills, a good news sense and a professional but personable demeanour. If you are an effective leader eager to succeed in Sports Marketing & Sponsorship we want to hear from you. Apply today For this and similar vacancies, please contact Julia Fenwick at Fresh Connect on **** **** **** or email juliafreshconnect.co.uk Account Director, Senior Account Director, Sports Marketing & Sponsorship, Consumer PR, Public Relations, London. Account Director, Senior Account Director, Sports Marketing & Sponsorship, Consumer PR, Public Relations, London.