Title: Associate Director  highly strategic UK and global consumer PR campaigns Including retail and food
Webindex: 69537272
Company: Fabric
Description: Located in SouthWest London this highly respected independent consultancy boasts a client list that any global agency would be proud of. It excels at bringing a consultative and intelligent approach to PR and is now looking to recruit an Associate Director to its talented team. The agency is split into business units, with this division specialising in UK and global consumer PR campaigns for blue chip brands, including in the retail and food sectors. The head of the business unit is looking for a right hand man/woman to help shape the team. You will therefore take on a 'wingman' role  aiding in the running of the business unit, taking on some of the financial management responsibilities, driving the growth agenda and acting as a bridge between the unit head and the team. Although this team's activity sits more on the activation side in comparison with the agency's other business units, it is still focused on highly strategic media relations. As such incoming candidates must have a strong track record in UK consumer PR and media relations work, but now want to focus on developing and critiquing strategic brand campaigns on both a UK and global level. The ideal candidate will possess the ability to pick up a project and run with it, develop proposals without senior input, spot opportunities, and ideally sell. A strong knowledge of the media landscape both offline and online is also essential. You will be working closely with some extremely bright, ambitious practitioners who work to the highest quality standards, therefore you must be a real gogetter. This is a nonhierarchical agency that is passionate about encouraging personal development and creating a working environment in which its people truly enjoy coming to work. If you are looking for a creative consultancy where integrity and quality are the fabric of everything they do then look no further.