Title: Media Coordinator  Leeds
Webindex: 69805304
Company: Orange Recruitment
Description: Job title: Media Coordinator Responsible to: General Secretary Main purpose of the role: Liaising with the General Secretary, the role holder will be responsible for the media management of the company, split between the magazine, the company website and external PR and communications. Magazine Duties include; The collation and production of articles, documents, images and artwork by pre agreed deadlines in readiness for publication of the magazine. The role will also involve participation in planning the layout of the publication, liaising with designers, copy reading and proof checking. The role holder will also be responsible for ensuring the optimum amount of advertising income is received for each issue, by negotiating with existing advertisers and by locating potential new advertisers to buy advertising space. Website Duties include the management and maintenance of the website, ensuring the look and functionality of the website is in keeping with preagreed objectives. Liaising with appointed web design team, the website needs to be kept up to date with relevant news items and content on a daily basis. PR Liaising with the General Secretary and Executive Council, to prepare, distribute and manage external communications from the company, including press releases and group emailing to members and associate members. PR required for various activities and initiatives including awards, Training School and smart phone app. Duties and Responsibilities:  Maintain records to track advertisers, space availability, advertisement income and other data.  Taking a key role in the planning of future issues and the development of stories and features.  Follow up leads regarding features, advertising or any other enquiries.  Research to locate potential new advertisers through the internet, other adverts, networking, intelligence from colleagues.  Cold calling to establish appropriate contact and assess sales opportunities.  Send out relevant documentation and media packs as required and follow up to maximise results.  Maintain awareness of competitor advertising and articles.  Ensure website content is up to date and relevant, posting a summary and headline as articles are received.  Maintain the magazine archives.  Maintain other media archives.  Maintain contact with all parties to confirm/ensure receipt of relevant items.  Manage changes to bookings/entries.  Prepare advertising and progress reports for management.  Ensure feedback (positive and negative) is communicated to relevant parties and any relevant actions taken.  Attendance at industry exhibitions when required to promote the company, research stories, take photographs for the magazine and to meet existing and potential advertisers.  General administration/telephone answering.  Produce and distribute a company press releases.  Handle relevant member, public and media enquiries and liaise with Executive Council where necessary.  Any other duties as required. Essential Skills/Experience: o Experience with MS Office applications including Word, Excel and Outlook (Word Press desirable). o Competent use of internet and search engines. o Effective written and verbal communications skills. o Effective numeracy skills. o Ability to work to tight deadlines. o Ability to multitask and prioritise workloads. o Ability to convert enquiries to sales. o Proven experience in telesales and cold calling with positive results. Personal profile: o Self reliant with a real can do attitude. o Enthusiastic team player. o Great organisational skills. o Excellent telephone manner. o High standard in customer care. o Good attention to detail. o Car owner preferred, with full clean driving license. Remuneration: This role will involve occasional overnight stays and weekend work (max **** a year) to attend exhibitions etc. This is a full time position of 37.5 hours per week to be worked over 5 days between the hours of ****.30am and 5.00pm Monday to Friday. 20 days annual leave initially, plus 8 statutory days. Basic of **** to start plus uncapped monthly sales bonus, calculated as per preagreed bonus calculator. Year **** OTE **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MediaCoordinatorLeeds_job****