Title: Marketing Executive  Travel Advertising
Webindex: 69168627
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Marketing Executive  Travel Advertising Wigan, Lancashire **** Plus Contributory Pension, Yearly Travel/Holiday Allowance Our client is one of the UK's leading tour operators providing holidays to around one million passengers travelling to hundreds of destinations throughout the UK, Europe and beyond. They are now seeking a Marketing Executive to join their team. This is the ideal role for a marketing professional with experience of press advertising, B2B marketing and campaign analysis looking to join a rapidly expanding company with a strong set of values including integrity, accountability and passion. Reporting to the Marketing Campaign Manager, you'll be responsible for implementing our client's daytoday marketing activity, primarily press advertising and performance analysis. As a Marketing Executive, you will develop and implement trade campaigns from inception to execution. Briefing media agencies, you will work closely with the inhouse publishing team and other departments to design, produce and proof all press ads. In this dynamic role, you will ensure ads are sent to publications on time whilst preparing and circulating weekly, monthly and adhoc ad performance reports. Additionally, you will provide marketing support for travel shops within the company and participate in consumer exhibitions and Travel Shows in conjunction with travel shops and trade organisations. You other duties will include:  Overseeing all POS within the company are updated  Visiting hotels and interchanges to assess POS activity on occasion  Managing the process of proofing campaign material before sending them to print  Providing support to the wider Marketing and Commercial teams To be considered for this superb opportunity, you must have:  At least two years' marketing experience  Some experience and/or knowledge of press advertising, B2B marketing and campaign analysis  Excellent Excel skills, particularly using formulas As a Marketing Executive, you must have strong communication and interpersonal skills. Full of great ideas, you must be able to 'think outside the box' and come up with inventive and unique propositions which will drive awareness and promote the company. To apply for the role of Marketing Executive, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Marketing Executive, Marketing Manager, Marketing Account Manager, Marketing Campaign Manager, Digital Marketing Executive, Marketing Campaign Executive, Campaign Executive, Marketing Communications Executive, Marcomms Executive. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingExecutiveTravelAdvertising_job****