Title: Junior Marketing Executive  Bilingual (Graduate Opportunity)
Webindex: 71127421
Company: Webrecruit Ltd
Description: Junior Marketing Executive  Dutch / Italian Speaking (Graduate Opportunity) Central London Competitive This is the ideal entry level role for an enthusiast graduate with fluency in Dutch or Italian looking to establish their marketing career with an exciting global internet business. As a Junior Marketing Executive, you will be responsible for playing a key role in supporting the marketing team across various channels. You will manage search engine marketing campaigns across all major search engines, including writing and optimising payperclick adverts and create best practices in online marketing for our client's emerging markets. Tracking, reporting and analysing online marketing campaign results across marketing channels, you will play a part in pay per click, display and social network campaigns. You will also translate and create ad copy and keywords for at least one of our client's key geographies. Additionally, you will maintain relationships with vendors such as Google, Yahoo and Microsoft, as well as create reports and conduct data analysis. You will also execute efficient payperclick bidding strategies during highly competitive onsales. To be considered for this role, you must have:  Fluency Dutch or Italian, in addition to English  A degree from a toptier university  An excellent level of computer literacy, particularly with MS Excel As a Junior Marketing Executive, you must be a pragmatic and highly motivated individual with a strong work ethic and the ability to work effectively within deadlines. Highly analytical and numerate, you must be comfortable working in a high energy, fast growth and entrepreneurial environment. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills are also key. Whilst not essential, knowledge of the online marketing industry, in particular search engine marketing (SEM) would be beneficial to your application. To apply for the role of Junior Marketing Executive (Dutch / Italian Speaking), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Junior Marketing Executive, Dutch Speaking, Italian Speaking, Graduate Marketing Executive, Junior Campaign Executive, Junior Marcoms Executive, Graduate Digital Marketing Executive, Junior Online Marketing Executive, Bilingual, Languages, PPC Executive, Graduate PPC Specialist, Junior PPC Executive.