Title: Senior Direct Marketing Manager (Maternity Cover Contract)  Charity
Webindex: 72120666
Company: Greenhill
Description: National charity seeks a Senior Direct Marketing Manager with strong Excel skills to lead their direct marketing strategy and team Senior Direct Marketing Manager (Maternity Cover Contract) : Charity : Bedfordshire/Cambridgeshire : up to **** pro rata  Excellent Benefits : ref: ****LW A fantastic opportunity for an experienced and analytical Senior Direct Marketing Manager has arisen, within an established market leader within the charity sector. Our client is successful and well known within their field and is currently seeking a commercial Senior Direct Marketing Manager to cover maternity leave. This contract will initially be offered on a 912 month contract, however there may be long term opportunities within the organisation. As Senior Direct Marketing Manager, your main responsibilities will include:  Strategic development and planning, setting objectives.  Develop and manage annual budgets, reviews and forecast.  Coordinate and oversee lead generation, membership acquisition and retention campaigns.  Plan and oversee the delivery of print, web and mobile direct marketing campaigns, reporting on results.  Manage two staff, including their appraisals.  Manage agencies/suppliers. To be considered for this strategic direct marketing role, experience of line management, budget management and good Excel skills are essential. Knowledge/experience of direct marketing or data management is preferred. You must be strategic and have strong commercial acumen. Experience within a charity, membership organisation or within the commercial sector is desirable. A degree or Marketing qualification is beneficial, but not essential. As Senior Direct Marketing Manager, you will benefit from a competitive salary of **** pro rata, good benefits and the chance to work within a well established, large charity with potential internal opportunities after the contract. Due to their location, this role could be suitable for those commuting from Bedfordshire including Milton Keynes, Cambridgeshire including Peterborough, or Northamptonshire. If you feel your skills meet the requirements of this Senior Direct Marketing Manager position and you`d like to be considered for the role, apply today Why not refer a friend for ****? terms and conditions apply Greenhill Group is a Sales and Marketing consultancy who operate within East Anglia. Therefore we will only accept applications from candidates who have permanent residency in the UK. Candidates who do not meet this criteria need not apply. If we do not contact you within one week of your application, unfortunately we are not able to assist you in your search for employment at the present time