Title: PR Senior Account Executive  Consumer Healthcare PR
Webindex: 68073045
Company: Fresh Connect
Description: A unique opportunity has arisen within one of the UK s most downtoearth Public Relations agencies for an established Senior Account Executive to join their thriving Central London office. This agency is looking for someone who has experience and a passion for Consumer Healthcare PR. This is a fun, demanding and stimulating role in which you will get the opportunity to make a clear mark on the development and progression of this agency s profile and results overall. The successful candidate will support and work across some amazing accounts and with many prestigious clients. This role will see you taking a real handson approach and being a key contact with your clients. They are looking for a creative individual to work on a range of interesting Consumer Healthcare accounts. If successful, you will develop a sound understanding of your client s business and communication objectives and ensure that projects are delivered on time and within budget. This dynamic agency boasts a truly impressive client list. To be part of this growing team, you must be a strong graduate with experience in consumer healthcare PR. You must also be a good writer with excellent communication and clientconsultation skills in order to be eligible. If you have relevant PR experience and are looking to really boost your career within a top agency, apply today For this and similar vacancies, please contact Gary Hoult on **** **** **** or email garyfreshconnect.co.uk Senior Account Executive, Account Executive, Junior Account Manager, Account Manager, PR, Public Relations, Public Relations agency, Consumer PR, Healthcare PR, Nutrition PR, Consumer Health PR, Food PR, London. Senior Account Executive, Account Executive, Junior Account Manager, Account Manager, PR, Public Relations, Public Relations agency, Consumer PR, Healthcare PR, Nutrition PR, Consumer Health PR, Food PR, London. Closing Date: Application Information: gary.****freshconnect.aplitrak.com