Title: PA / Personal Assistant (National Charity) Part Time
Webindex: 71070772
Company: EasyWebRecruitment.com
Description: PA / Personal Assistant (National Charity) Part Time Our client is the national charity that supports individuals and families affected by Epidermolysis Bullosa (EB)  a rare genetic skin blistering condition. The charity has an international reputation for the quality of its services and research programmes. Position: Executive Assistant Location: Crowthorne, Berkshire Salary: **** pro rata Hours: Part Time 25 hours per week, Monday to friday. 5 Hours per day. Closing Date: Tuesday 12th February 2013 ROLE: The PA / Personal Assistant will manage the administration and provide support to the trustees and senior management team (SMT), in particular to the CEO. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Organising the calendar of formal meetings and informing potential attendees of the forthcoming dates. b) Preparing for meetings, e.g. collating, formatting and distributing papers prior to meetings. c) Attending formal meetings including as a minimum: quarterly trustee meetings and monthly SMT meetings, as well as other less formal meetings for the purpose of taking minutes and action points. d) Promptly distributing minutes. e) Making travel arrangements as required. f) Receiving and acknowledging post, and taking action as appropriate. g) Other ad hoc duties as required. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Functional Expertise – Presents advanced administration and IT skills, demonstrating accuracy, attention to detail and appropriate discretion; continues to develop skills in the pursuit of excellence. b) Planning and Organising – Plans ahead and applies effective time management techniques to ensure deadlines are met. c) Positive Disposition – Demonstrates enthusiasm, selfmotivation and initiative. d) Adaptability – Demonstrates a flexible approach to work, and prioritises conflicting demands to meet objectives. e) Communication – Communicates effectively at all levels, and both oral and written communication is both clear and accurate. You may have experience of the following: PA, Personal Assistant, Secretary, Administrator, Receptionist, Executive Assistant, Team Administrator, Admin Executive, Administration, Office Manager etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK’s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.