Title: Commercial Tender Administrator
Webindex: 72120797
Company: hiredonline
Description: A Commercial Tender Administrtor is required for a company based in Telford, Shropshire. Offering a salary of **** per annum plus bonus scheme. The Company: The Company is the UK s largest manufacturer and supplier of steel shelving, pallet racking and lockers. They offer a comprehensive range of products and services to fulfill the requirements of storage management in every type of organisation, large or small. The Role: The role of Commercial Tender Administrator is primarily a sales function reviewing incoming requests for information from customers and developing good standard responses to their questionnaires. This will primarily be in the form of Prequalification Questionnaires (PQQ) that allows the company to bid for new projects and for Tender documents from existing clients. The Company has excellent process driven systems and this role will help the business to portray these to the outside world. As the UK market leader they have a wealth of experience in this area and this role is seen as critical to its sales and marketing efforts. Key responsibilities: Primarily to start with formulating standardised answers to commonly requested information to rationalise and improve the speed of response To actively seek out organisations that require PQQs Skills/Qualifications required: A Marketing qualification would be beneficial An excellent standard of written English/able to write articulate copy Excellent telephone manner and communication skills Knowledge of Quality/Health and Safety business systems An ability to communicate with customers at all levels The ability to work on own initiative as well as being a team player Self motivated Sound knowledge of Microsoft Office packageTo apply for this role, please simply send your CV via the apply button shown. Hiredonline will provide our Client with your full details so that they can consider whether you may be suitable for the vacancy advertised. Your details as submitted by you, will only be used in conjunction with this vacancy and by applying for this position you accept that your CV and covering letter will be passed to a third party (our Client). By submitting your details, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose