Title: UX Designer
Webindex: 66573878
Company: JM Digital
Description: A leading internet brand are seeking a Senior UX team to join its growing UX Team. You will play an integral role in driving a user centred design approach in an agile development process. You should be passionate about building easytouse, dynamic ecommerce interfaces and experiences that are engaging, simple, functional, valuable and fun You will want to feel like you work in a startup, while at the same time having the resources of a large company. This role will enable you to be an early member of the growing inhouse European UX Design capability, as well as staying hands on, getting involved in scrum team deliverables. They are seeking experienced people who can: Champion 'best in class' UX design with your scrum team and across Europe Develop thought leadership around design technologies, tools, trends & methodologies Be passionate about innovation and creating products that differentiate. Able to play a handson role in the production of design assets Manage day to day agency relationships Advocate & educate about user centred design in an agile development environment Desired Skills & Experience To be successful in this role you will need a broad range of skills that includes: Expert knowledge of UED principles, processes and methodologies A generalist with good practical experience in usercentred design, information architecture, interaction design & visual design. With depth in one of these areas of UX. Excellent grasp of web design principles Good understanding of frontend web technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Ajax capabilities Understanding of UX working with an Agile/SCRUM development environment Creating UX assets such as customer journeys, sketches, sitemaps, wireframes and mock ups to visualise design concepts Rapid development of highfidelity prototypes for usability testing and communicating design specs, using a tool such as Axure or iRise Creative problem solving and can demonstrate outofthe box thinking Effectively collaborate, communicate, influence and negotiate with stakeholders from other disciplines Drop us a line if this could be of interest. The JM Group and JM Digital are acting as an Employment Agency with relation to this vacancy. The JM Group and JM Digital are an Equal Opportunities employer and we encourage applicants from all backgrounds.