Title: Ad Ops Campaign Manager
Webindex: 66902098
Company: Office Angels
Description: Oxford Street Office Angels are recruiting for a mid level Campaign Manager to join a busy Ad Operations team based in Central London. We are looking for experienced Ad Ops candidates who are looking for a role in which they can progress and be part of a dynamic and hard working team. As part of the Ad Ops team you will work closely with sales, media agencies and publisher teams. It is your role to ensure delivery and excellent performance of your client s campaigns Duties will include: Campaign setup: Receiving insertion order, checking inventory and availability and uploading creative material from advertisers and ad agencies, on display and video platforms  Campaign management: scheduling, optimising and ensuring delivery according to the campaign KPIs  Campaign reporting: Provide mid and post campaign reports to sales team.  Monitoring inventory and revenue status of ad campaigns, ensuring the campaigns deliver according to contract  Frequent liaison with internal teams (Agency and brand direct Sales teams) and external parties (Publishers)  Key support to sales team, ensuring smooth progression of ad campaigns, offering feedback on campaign performance and delivery optimisation  Generate final campaign performance reports  Provision of excellent all round customer support for sales team and advertisers  Liaison with agencies with regards to chasing creative, client side pixel implementation, reporting  Ensure the execution of nonstandard campaigns from delivery of assets through to publisher implementation through to full delivery  Key support to Publisher account management team  Technical support for new Publisher integration onto the network, mainly ad slot tagging and video player integration  Be able to respond quickly and troubleshoot any technical issues that arise from clients/agencies/publishers.  Complete time critical reconciliation of all campaigns at end of month.  Management and reporting of publisher house (internal) campaigns.  Updating of internal campaign management reports to be sent to internal teams.  Liaise with Sales team and become a technical solutions provider to them for intricate and complicated campaign briefs.  Provide adserver logins to Networks/Agencies/Clients/Publishers when requested.  Adserver troubleshooting  Find ways to use the adserver to provide new solutions to Sales Team briefs.  Bug spotting  Spotting bugs on the adserver and reporting to adserver support team to fix.  Adserver Development  Spot potential way to develop the adserver and make improvements that could benefit our offering to the market or to streamline internal processes.  Adserver Management  Ensuring the adserver remains tidy by management of websites and campaigns. Ensuring correct naming conventions are used and campaigns and websites are deactivated when necessary.  Implementation of new publishers and providing tags for website placements. Troubleshoot any issues publishers might experience with placement tags. Candidates will be commercially aware with strong attention to detail and will currently be working for an Ad Network or similar, ideally with experience of working with RTB and Audience Data. If you feel you have all the relevant skills and experience please apply Online for the role. Office Angels are an Equal Opportunities Employer and are working as a Recruitment Agency