Title: Senior Creative Strategist – Leading Experiential Agency  London
Webindex: 68540354
Company: YELLOW CAT RECRUITMENT
Description: Senior Creative Strategist Leading Experiential Agency  London Here at Yellow Cat we are very excited to bring you breaking news of an exciting opportunity to work for one of the UK s leading experiential agencies. Better still, this is an opportunity to make your mark by taking on a newly created position within the brainchild that is the Insight Engagement team . This new team will help to springboard the continued growth of the agency by offering enhanced strategic value and planning capability for clients and your role as Senior Creative Strategist will be pivotal. What will the Senior Creative Strategist be getting up to? Taking a lead role in the process of responding to client briefs  working collaboratively with the account, production and design teams to ensure that there is a clear rationale behind our work. Delivering strategic value and insights for clients, driving the creative direction of our experiential campaigns. Managing research and performance evaluation programmes, developing strategic responses and valueadd thought leadership for clients. Developing big ideas that challenge client preconceptions of the role for experiential. Who s the right man/woman for the job? An innovator and boundary pusher, you re always striving to produce better work. A natural communicator  able to explain concepts to clients and colleagues at all levels. A master storyteller, able to conceive, prepare, author and give key presentations to client. Resourceful and innovative, understands the key logistical and operational considerations of live media Able to demonstrate strong thinking and robust planning methodology in your work to date. An emerging thought leader  with a clear point of view on the current and future role of experiential marketing. 4 years experience in the planning / strategic function of a marketing / communications agency. A selfstarter who is not only driven by the creative, but the commercial challenge of a brief. Track record of delivering strategy for blue chip clients and influential brands. This is a truly unique opportunity to join an entrepreneurial environment where you can make a difference amongst a team of like minded and driven individuals. If this initial information sparks your interest then please do send your CV so I can contact you to discuss further details, which I am confident will only further fuel your enthusiasm for the opportunity. (Please note that only applicants who meet the requirements of the position will be short listed for a call back)