Title: Magazine Advertising Sales Executive
Webindex: 71226380
Company: Choice Consultants
Description: Choice Consultants are Scotland's leading specialist advertising and media sales recruitment consultancy. The Client Our client is a well established award winning publisher based in Glasgow. They provide a wide range of business customers with a number of cutting edge market leading specialist advertising and sponsorship platforms across newspapers, magazines, online, exhibitions, awards and conferences. Products include market leading business to business and consumer lifestyle media. The Role They currently require an Advertising Sales Executives to sell advertising space and sponsorship solutions on a range of market leading magazines. Working within a dedicated Media sales team your role will involve contacting existing customers from an already established warm database of clients as well as sourcing leads and generating new business over the telephone via cold call telemarketing. This is a structured sale where you will identify the business needs then create, design and present innovative advertising solutions tailored to the client to ensure results. This will involve negotiating and presenting bespoke print and digital advertising solutions to key decision makers over the phone and occasionally face to face. Working to revenue targets and deadlines, you will be responsible for dealing with a range of customers from SME's to corporate clients on a national basis. The Candidate Ideally you will have a minimum of 6months advertising sales experience from any media/advertising sector looking to develop your career. You will have a strong understanding of the media and marketing departments, coupled with drive, motivation and passion to develop new business in a competitive market. Alternatively you will have business to business, tele or field sales experience from any sector with a desire to pursue a career in the magazine industry in the lucrative world of media sales. You will be commercially aware with a professional and articulate manner necessary to deal with clients. You will be enthusiastic and have the drive, motivation and determination to continue this organisation's success. You will have strong communication and interpersonal skills and the ability to negotiate at all levels. The Package In return you will be given the opportunity to join energetic team environment in a specialist media house where you will receive full training and development, career opportunities and an enviable package basic ****  19K plus uncapped bonus  benefits. APPLY NOW AND MAKE IT HAPPEN About Choice Consultants Choice Consultants are a specialist Media Sales Recruitment Consultancy established in 1999, we now hold preferred supplier status for the majority of media players in Scotland. As Scotland's leading Advertising and Media Sales Recruitment Consultancy we recruit for advertising and media sales personnel at all levels for a range of international, national and local media organisations. Our clients include top,  Radio stations  Magazine publishers  Online/Digital Media brands  New Media companies Internet Marketing & Web Design companies  Experiential/Guerrilla Marketing companies  Outdoor Advertising organisations  Directory publishers  Newspaper publishers  Exhibition and Events companies  Media brokers  Television broadcasters  Contract publishing houses Whether you are looking to break into a rewarding career in Media sales, looking for a move into Management, or simply a new challenge we offer opportunities throughout Scotland through our unique and unrivallednetwork of Advertising contacts. To apply for this role or find out more about other opportunities selling media space call Choice Consultants, email or visit our website.