Title: Implementation Manager / Account Director – Branding Implementation
Webindex: 72464848
Company: Royds Raphael
Description: Implementation Manager / Account Director Branding Implementation ****k****kneg plus benefits Top branding and innovation consultancy with an exciting array of global clients has great opportunity for a client facing Implementation Account Director with gravitas. Opportunity to join one of the most exciting brand consultancies around, well known for its creativity, vision and original ideas. Clients are from wide range of sectors and large scale branding projects. We are looking for an Implementation Account Director to lead the brand implementation and production phase on large global branding projects across a range of sectors in both consumer and corporate markets. Working closely with strategists and creatives, your role will be to roll out identities and engagement programmes, deliver and implement the brand across multiple touch points. We are looking for an Implementation Account Director with considerable branding and implementation experience either agency or client side, but likely to include some agency side. You will also need to be comfortable presenting to and advising and guiding senior clients through the brand implementation process. Experience should include the implementation, planning and rollout of new brand, including identity, the creation of digital brand tools and brand guidelines. Ideally your experience should include working on global accounts. This role will suit an Implementation Account Director with a calm personality and gravitas, together with superb client servicing skills, and significant experience of managing a wide spectrum of brand implementation projects. Please press the Apply Now link, or send your CV to gillroydsraphael.co.uk quote br/AD branding implementation Royds Raphael specialising in placing permanent contract staff in the branding, design, creative, communications media industry Sorry, but due to the volume of response only successful candidates will be contacted.