Title: Email Marketing Specialist  B2B
Webindex: 71887010
Company: Just Digital
Description: Our client is a leading provider of technology products and services and with a customer base as extensive as it is enviable. They are renowned for working closely and consulting with their customers to provide value added service. They are now looking to hire a talented B2B EMail Marketing Specialist who will be expected to execute email campaigns and support the Marketing Manager on other marketing activities. Responsibilities:  Work with group marketing, and local teams to develop, create and implement email marketing campaigns.  Management of email targeting, analytics to optimise customer awareness and response  Work with marketing agencies to create, develop and implement local campaigns & PR  Work with the country manager and teams to coordinate group marketing campaigns  Focal point for all marketing related questions, issues and executions within Benelux, Nordic, Italy & Spain.  Key member of the group marketing team in developing marketing activities  Any other relevant and reasonable duties that may be requested by management. You will be a talented, ambitious and driven EMail Marketer with experience gained from the B2B sector. Ideally you will have experience of working in the electronics or technology markets and demonstrate an excellent understanding of both traditional B2B marketing and digital marketing techniques. You will be an experienced campaign manager with a demonstrable track record of success with first class communication, influencing and relationship building skills. Position: EMail Marketing Specialist  B2B Salary: ****k plus bonus and benefits Location: Home Counties Contract: Permanent Contact: Charlie Allen Reference: **** Referral Reward: **** Just Digital is a specialist Digital Marketing & ECommerce Recruiter. If you're a digital marketing or ecommerce professional interested in advancing your career, we can help. Our core sectors include Retail, Leisure & Travel, Technology, Financial Services and ECommerce Vendors. Not quite right for you? If you know someone who would be great for this job, then please contact us or send us their details (with their permission of course) along with the job reference number. We pay generous rewards for all successful referrals