Title: Marketing Manager, Semiconductors
Webindex: 70767971
Company: CPS
Description: Marketing Manager for User Interface and Browsers. My client designs the technology that lies in the heart of advanced digital products. They are on a mission to be at the forefront of advanced multimedia IP (Intellectual Property) products for the consumer, wireless and automotive infotainment markets. Candidates who have worked within a marketing function from the following industries and areas will be greatly welcomed; Semiconductors, Digital Technology, Digital Graphics Market, Mobile Telecommunications, Electronic Circuits, Gaming, Blue Tooth Gaming, Embedded Systems, Android Tablets, Smart Phones, Workstations, Personal Computers, Electronic Engineering, GPUs, VPUs. The Marketing Manager for User Interface and Browsers sits within the Media Processing Division (MPD) that forms part of the Ecosystem Development Team who are responsible for taking Media Processing Division (MPD) products to the developer community and industry partners. The team is responsible for fostering strategic partnerships; maintaining a developer program; showcasing MPD products to the industry and at events through demos; and ownership of a web portal for all its community and marketing needs. The Marketing Manager for User Interface & Browsers will report to the Head of Ecosystem. Key Accountabilities/Responsibilities Identifying new opportunities for partnerships and manage relationships with key partners. The partners here refer to UI & Browser middleware software suppliers, software teams in key OEMs and content providers. Formulate strategies and plans to position Graphic Processor Units (GPUs) in the User Interface & Browser use case Work with the Ecosystem engineering team to drive key middleware engineering work including but not limited to optimisations Maintain strong direct relationships with key middleware software suppliers, strategic content partners and software teams in key OEM accounts Identify and drive new partnerships by marketing the benefits of close engagements Develop strong collateral and support business development and product marketing teams to win key accounts through software and OEM partner relationships Use CRM tools to maintain, track and report status of engagements regularly Review and prioritise partner engagements regularlyEssential Skills & Experience Strong delivery and negotiation skills as well as the ability to build strong working relationships. Excellent partner communication skills and presentation abilities Project management experience and ability to handle multiple timesensitive projects and competing priorities Ability to inspire confidence and assurance at all levels of seniority and be a strategic thinker. Proven marketing, leadership and relationship management experience. Creative thinker Package Salary dependent upon experience Shares (Restricted Share Units) Private medical insurance Permanent health insurance Life assurance Contributory pension Annual bonus scheme Relocation expenses as appropriate CPS Group Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy