Title: Digital Designer  Retail & Design comp
Webindex: 66904031
Company: Creative Recruitment
Description: An awardwinning design and retail company is looking for a talented web designer and allround conceptual creative to join their passionate and driven team. This rapidly growing organisation, which owns a number of brands, requires a designer who is ambitious, selfmotivated and full of enthusiasm. The successful candidate must be openminded, flexible and willing to take on tasks in various areas of design and support the company in their creative output. You will have significant influence in all creative areas, restricted not only to web. This could include print, marketing collateral, moition/****D design and even idea/designs for new products. This is an environment where hard work and effort is rewarded and progression is encouraged. There is the potential for this role to develop into Creative Director/Senior Designer level in the near future. They are looking to expand the design function as the company grows and this position will naturally evolve to lead the team. This opportunity will suit someone who is ready to settledown and secure themselves a 'career' role. Key Skills/Responsibilities:  Manage creative projects from start to finish  To design/redesign and maintain a number of web sites within the group. This will also involve frontend development  Implementation of CMS  Designing email marketing templates for monthly newsletters  Establish projects can be produced inhouse and what requires outsourcing  manage the outsourcing process and third party companies/freelancers  Graphic design for print, including logos, letterheads, brand design, brochure and packaging design  Assist with the Social Media (Facebook and Twitter), marketing and PR functions of the organisation to increase their profile  Produce product videos to work as instructional manuals as well as marketing tools  any task you can not do you yourself, you will be expected to outsource and manage the process Key skills: Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Illustrator, InDesign, CMS (Magento), HTML, CSS Desirable skills: Premiere, After Effects, Basic knowledge of a ****D visualisation software (Cinema ****D etc.) All applications to be submitted along with a portfolio showcasing their commercial work