Title: Paid Search Analyst (Nordic)
Webindex: 66902153
Company: Digital Personnel  Ltd
Description: Leading Independent Digital Agency requires a Paid Search Analyst utilising Nordic language skills, paying up to ****k, to join their team in Central London. Candidates can expect a competitive salary of up to ****k, with an option of either gym membership, private health cover or additional paid leave. The role will involve research and analysis of all sectors to grasp new market trends and seasonality fluctuations. The Paid Search Analyst will be responsible for the creation and setup of new paid search campaigns for clients and partners as well as keyword research and ad creation. Ideally, candidates will come from an agency or clientside background and offer the ability to create and manage PPC campaigns. The role offers the opportunity to develop skills within the Paid Search discipline, although it is expected that candidates will offer a minimum of one years commercial experience. As the client base for this role will predominantly be Nordic it is important that candidates can communicate to an appropriate standard in Nordic languages, including Swedish, Norwegian and Danish. This Agency symbolises all that is great about the Search Marketing arena in the UK, from their inception in the early **** s they have developed year on year and currently employ more than **** staff. The Agency is made up of true pioneers in both the SEO and Paid Search markets and has become a leader in innovation and campaign delivery. The business is also expanding out into other online channels to add further value to their client portfolio. Therefore, if you have a passion for paid search and would like to expand your career in this market then do not hesitate to apply Digital Personnel is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Digital Personnel is a specialist recruitment consultancy supporting the digital media market, developing recruitment partnerships with innovative interactive businesses on a global scale. Digital Personnel supply the talent so that our clients can focus on creating and implementing online marketing strategies that continue to push the boundaries within this everevolving industry