Title: Marketing & Business Development Officer
Webindex: 71573583
Company: University of Cumbria
Description: This role is offered via the 'Unite with Business' project and is for **** hours maximum and is based with Long Valley Yurts near Kendal in Cumbria. Details are as follows; About (The SME): Long Valley Yurts was established in 2008 by John Maddy and Richard Coulter with the aim of providing luxury camping within the Lake District National Park. Accommodation consists of a number of custombuilt Yurts situated in stunning rural locations. The business has experienced yearonyear growth, with four sites now operating within the Lake District National Park and one in the Peak District National Park. A number of growing opportunities over the last couple of years in a developing sector have presented the company with the opportunity to offer the sale of Yurts to schools, colleges, universities and other organisations. Overall Purpose of the Role: The successful candidate will need to research, develop and bring to market a new arm of the business dealing specifically with the B2B sector. Other Useful Information: For the successful candidate there is the possibility of further project work / employment into the longer term depending on the success of the marketing intervention. Main Duties and Responsibilities : Initially working with the director(s) to understand the nature of the company and how it operates as a business. To gain an understanding of the company’s existing marketing methods and effectiveness in the B2B marketplace Conduct market research into current competition offering similar type buildings Create a marketing, sales and PR strategic plan Working with a web design team, create the information for the website to market the sale of the Yurts to organisations Enhance the social media side of this business creating interest and communicate with potential new and existing business. Create a case study on previous business customers with the view of using this for marketing purposes. Essential Requirements;  Graduate or undergraduate student (3rd year)  Research and report writing skills  IT literacy  Able to work on own initiative self confident  Good time management  Good communication customer facing skillsWilling and able to visit other locations on company business (if necessary).  Must be willing to sign and adhere to a legallybinding confidentiality agreement Desireable Requirements;  Previous experience of working in the Education system  Previous experience in working with web sales  Social media  Sales/marketing/PR campaigns Business / Marketing/ sales subject area qualification or working towards one  Understanding and knowledge of the Education frameworkWorking in a small team  Knowledge of creating designs for eflyers/newsletters/ html emails  Social media  PR/advertising Work to be on a part or full time basis including remote home working. Timing and hours to be discussed at interview.