Title: Account Manager Healthcare PR London
Webindex: 70623546
Company: Paramount Recruitment Med Comms, PR & Advertising
Description: One of the world's most renowned Healthcare Communications agency is on a quest to find an exquisite Account Manager to join their exception healthcare PR team in central London. As market leaders in the industry, this agency produces work across an impressive array of healthcare therapies; for globally recognised pharmaceutical organisations. They are now looking for an outstanding Account Manager to come and manage their incomparable PR campaigns. As the Account Manager, you will act as the first point of contact for key clients, continue to service press and analyst contacts and facilitate press meetings, lead press tours, interviews and events. Additionally, you will several projects, pushing your team to think outside the box and excel in all client objectives. To thrive in this Account Manager position, it is vital that you have at least 3 years' experience within the ethical PR arena. A good working knowledge of PanEuropean or global communications is highly desirable. You must also possess a can do attitude and drive to really succeed in your career. In return, you will be offered a superb starting salary and extensive company benefits package. You will also have the chance to work in one of the leading Medical Communications agencies in the world which not only treats their staff with respect but really aims to help you to achieve personal goals. To hear more about this distinctive Account Manager Opportunity, or other similar options, please call Kaitlin at Paramount on **** **** ****eywords: Account Manager, Senior Account Manager, Medical Communications, Healthcare PR, Ethical PR, Ethical Communications, Pharmaceutical, London, Cardiovascular, Oncology, Diabetes, HIV, Neurology, Central Nervous System, Cardiology, Dermatology, Vascular, Rheumatoid Arthritis, Central Nervous System, Ophthalmology Paramount Recruitment Limited provides services as an agency and an employment business. We regularly have similar roles in this area. Please see our website for details or send your CV in to us to find out the latest opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountManagerHealthcarePRLondon_job****