Title: Marketing Trainee, Norwich City Centre
Webindex: 68715968
Company: Morton Solutions
Description: Marketing Trainee  No Marketing Experience Needed Norwich City Centre Morton Solutions is looking to grow due to high demand for our outsourced sales marketing services. We're looking for a handful of people that can start immediately in an opening that combines sales, marketing customer service and has the potential for rapid advancement into a leadership or management role. No marketing experience or qualifications are required, so if you're looking to get your foot in the door, look no further As a Marketing Trainee, you'll begin by learning how help nonprofit organizations gain more awareness and longterm contributors by promoting their brands and missions to the public. Once you can produce consistent results, you'll have the chance to assist in the development of others and learn more about campaign management. As we grow, advancement opportunities are likely to arise, and we'll look to develop people from within, so if you're ambitious, we may have an opportunity for you to oversee a team, campaign or market Marketing Trainee Requirements: No specific degree or qualifications are necessary, but businessrelated degrees can be beneficial for advancement. No specific work experience is necessary, but we work with customers facetoface on a daily basis, so it's important that you have good 'people skills'. (sales, customer service, retail, hospitality and related experience can be beneficial). You'll need to be at least 18 years of age eligible to work in the UK. You'll need to commute to and from our office in Norwich City Centre each day. Full time hours are preferred because the more you put in, the more you get out. Leadership and teamwork experience combined with a winning attitude can be helpful for those looking to grow. We operate in a resultbased industry, so a strong work ethic and desire to succeed are expected. We have a teamoriented office environment, but you'll be working independently in the field, so selfmotivation and a competitive edge will help fuel your success. Growth and earnings will be resultbased, not senioritybased, education or experience based. Before reaching a final decision we may ask you to spend a day in the field with an experienced sales assistant. For consideration: Please send your CV to Catherine for consideration. Please let us know your availability (immediate start or notice period, full time or part time hours) in your covering letter. We aim to contact all successful applicants within **** business days, so please be sure your phone number and email address are provided. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingTraineeNorwichCityCentre_job****