Title: Marketing Communications Coordinator
Webindex: 70768040
Company: BMS Sales and Marketing Specialists
Description: Marketing Communications Coordinator  Engineering Full Mix: This is an excellent marketing opportunity for a Marketing Communications Coordinator, supporting three divisions helping to raise brand awareness and communications with customers via on and offline activities. The Marketing Communications Coordinator has responsibility copywriting for Press Releases, corporate literature, case studies, Email, Social Media, Website updates and Internal Communications. Strong Brand: Having organically grown by good reputation and strong brand in the market alone, this is an exciting time to join this expanding marketing team. This is a fantastic opportunity to gain experience in a wide variety of marketing communication activities learning from an experienced and supportive manager. Assisting in creating structure and internal processes will enable this company to push to the next level carving yourself a career path in Marketing Communications along the way. About You: A passion for Marketing Communications with an excellent eye for detail coupled with outstanding copywriting skills are the real prerequisites for this role. Any marketing backgrounds will be considered including marketing graduates with a placement year. The Package for Marketing Communications Coordinator: Salary: ****  **** Benefits: Pension Location: Birmingham Contact Heidi Moreby (Apply online only) BMS Marketing is a specialist marketing recruitment consultancy with offices in Coventry, Egham and London. As a business we truly believe that marketing skills are transferable so our aim is to get candidates into the right job with the right company, not just another job in the sector you ve been working in. As a result our clients vary across both B2B and B2C sectors, whether they re well established Blue Chips or total startups. And the marketing jobs we recruit for vary across the marketing mix. If you d like to discuss how we can help in more detail then please give us a call or visit our website at (url removed)