Title: CRM Executive  Ecommerce
Webindex: 68688271
Company: Frazer John Recruitment
Description: Ecommerce, digital marketing, campaign management, campaign marketing, retail, online retail, Marketing, Marketing Executive My client is a market leader within the professional services industry. An online business that has been growing and moving from strength to strength over the last 5 years. A dynamic and progressive business that is committed to progressing and the development of their staff. They are looking for a CRM Executive to manage full email campaign delivery to maximize the performance of the CRM strategy in line business priorities. MAIN ACTIVITIES/TASKS: ? Ensuring a coherent approach to CRM filters across the CRM program ? Insightful and motivating creative brief writing ? Data selections brief writing to identify meaningful and actionable segments ? Liaison with commercial teams to source best products for each communication and audience ? Creative process management, ensuring the creative meets brief and strategic imperatives ? Third party partners liaison and management as required ? Campaign performance monitoring and results collation ? Campaign optimization This role will require you to have had past experience within a retail and / or ecommerce business ideally with an understanding of digital marketing. . Content Management  Product copy writing, strategy development for product launches and photo requirements  Social Media Strategy management for a worldwide brand, implementing UK social media.  Partnership marketing, working with other companies to drive revenue and to drive data collection  Digital Marketing agency management (PPC, SEO and Affiliate)  Website redesign project management, working directly with agency developers to improve site speed, front end improvements and content management enhancements. If you are looking for a big brand that is committed to developing your marketing career then please call Oliver Hewitt for more information. Ecommerce, digital marketing, campaign management, campaign marketing, retail, online retail, Marketing, Marketing Executive This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CRMExecutiveEcommerce_job****