Title: Insight Director
Webindex: 69066907
Description: A leading market research company is currently recruiting for an Insight Director to drive forward key external relationships and ensure clients receive 'best in class' market Insights. The Insight Director role will be responsible for client engagement strategy, this involves ensuring client strategies are developed and executed to the highest order by the team, to deliver growth to the organisation, whilst maximising value to the client. The role is responsible for coordinating company resources to ensure solutions and added value services are provided to clients, and leading negotiations. The responsibilities for the role also include: Contributing to the company's operational decision making process and maintaining a visible presence throughout all functions. Fulfilling and managing both internal and external requirements, such as budgeting, mentoring of direct reports and ensuring client workload is appropriately delegated amongst team members. Being responsible for client revenue, profit and business relationship. You will need an analytical mind and experience of working within a Retailer, FMCG company or Research Agency specialising in Retail data and have managed client relationships previously. Strong market knowledge and an understanding of the business environment, whilst being proficient in high pressure decisionmaking and problem solving is essential. The ideal candidate shall also have: Highly proficient project management and strategic planning insight. Strong communication skills and proven track record of developing senior client relationships. Expert negotiation and influencing skills utilised both internally and externally to ensure your team runs to its maximum potential. If you feel you have the necessary skills, and want to deliver your Insights to a variety of high profile clients at a company that is held in high regard in the marketplace, then we would welcome your application. We request that candidates send their CV as a Microsoft Word document where possible. Quest Search and Selection is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.