Title: Category & Brand Consultants
Webindex: 66904938
Company: Tarsh Lazare Marketing Recruitment
Description: Category Brand Consultants c.****K60K  Benefits Package West London L**** Looking for a new challenge? Interested in making a move to the agencyside? Here are **** interesting opportunities for smart, commercially savvy clientsiders to take their skills into the fastpaced agency world, joining a global player in the consumer marketing research insight arena. As part of a newly formed strategic unit, you will work closely with major customers with a remit to enhance the existing relationship and offer practical insightbased solutions to tackle issues from promotional effectiveness and category strategy to consumer segmentation, shopper insight and brand innovation. In what is a rare opportunity to apply your clientskills in a completely new area, this role is all about cocreating solutions with major FMCG and retail clients, providing trusted advice and playing a key role in the business and marketing decisions. Our Ideal Candidate With a background that might include category management, consumer shopper insight, customer marketing or sales, you ll have an excellent understanding of brand and category marketing and commercial issues with particular strengths in the FMCG arena. A good grasp of consumer and retail data is key but more importantly, you will have the ability to think strategically about commercial opportunities and act proactively to initiate and recommend new approaches and solutions. A confident and engaging individual, you will enjoy building strong relationships with senior level contacts and be seen as an expert by those contacts, talking articulately about the industry and the benefits of working closely with the agency. In what is a front line role, you will have exceptional presentation and negotiation skills with the ability to inspire creativity and action in others around you. Client Overview Our client is a world leader in consumer knowledge and insights based on continuous consumer panels. Combining market monitoring, advanced analytics and tailored market research solutions, it delivers big picture thinking and detailed analysis that drives client decision making. With over 60 years experience, a team of 3,000, and services covering more than 50 countries directly or through partners, the business delivers robust business recommendations in fields as diverse as FMCG, impulse products, fashion, baby, telecommunications and entertainment. Tarsh Lazare is committed to finding the right roles for talented candidates. We are a leading name in marketing recruitment with extensive marketing and recruitment experience working with brand management, communications, category management, customer marketing, brand consulting and insight/research specialists across a wide range of industry sectors. If you would like to discuss this role, or any other roles that might be suitable, please email or call one of the team now.