Title: Marketing and Events Assistant
Webindex: 67950336
Company: Harvey Wayne Communications
Description: Harvey Wayne Communications is seeking an organised, enthusiastic and proactive individuals to help us with our Marketing and Events to handle our fast paced events calendar. Based in Leeds, we are an experienced and progressive Events Marketing Company. In true style, this season is set to be a BIG one So on that note we are opening our doors to the next generation of Conversationalists , and people who just get excited about making a difference A few things that describe you: To have that certain something , you will be someone who pays attention to detail, have a flair for conversation and you are impeccably presented. We value skills such as problem solving abilities, forward thinking, self motivation and the ability to work autonomously. Your friends will describe you as someone who is bubbly, outgoing and probably have the urge to tape your mouth closed at times. Whilst industry experience may not be essential, we are looking for people who have a successful track record in dealing with people from all different walks of life. The Nitty Gritty: One of the great things about what we do is the opportunity we have to work at different event sites all throughout Leeds on behalf of energy based clients. This is definitely suited for people with itchy feet who hate to stay stagnant behind a desk or counter with the same surroundings every day. If that doesn t get you going, we can also let you know that on top of working alongside some pretty awesome people, there are endless opportunities to travel, recognition where its due and business development opportunities. So, do you think you make the cut? To be considered for one of our business openings, please press APPLY NOW Average earning of up to **** per week, but that is average (based on completed individual sales only). We provide you with ongoing product training will empower you to develop your earning potential, that s what we do here, we make you money.