Title: Marketing Consultant (Financial Services) East Anglia
Webindex: 68678241
Company: Clear Choice Careers
Description: My client has been providing tailored financial products for over 130 years. They have stayed at the top of their profession by providing innovative products and investing in their people. We are now recruiting for a Marketing Consultant to add to their successful team. Purpose of job: The role will be field based within East Anglia (Norwich/Ipswich) providing a Financial Education Programme to the education community seeking to buy financial products by driving them to the company website. As a result this is not a sales role; however the ideal candidate will be driven, positive, resilient and enthusiastic in order to gain a positive response from their audience. Specific accountabilities:  To educate the teaching community about the tools and resources available via live demonstrations of the website's functionality.  To identify and secure opportunities to promote my client to the teaching profession and NUT membership.  To build relationships with stakeholders within the teaching community / Divisional level of the NUT / Local Authority, increasing awareness of my client's products and services.  To deliver a range of presentations (Business to Customer) to agreed observational standards.  To ensure all presentation materials in use are current and compliant with prevailing legislation and regulation.  To record and report on numbers of attendees, leads and lead status.  To maintain lead management systems in line with company procedures and to the standards specified by the company.  To attend NUT Conferences and other teaching related events as required by the company (this will include evenings and weekends)  To deliver against specified targets for numbers of events, audience numbers, resulting website visitors and sales, as specified in the company's annual Operating Plan  To provide a face to face and / or telephone based follow up service to ensure that attendees are able to navigate the online tools and to answer factual questions relating to products and services (on a non advised basis)  To undertake relevant continuing professional development to maintain competence and up to date knowledge  To identify, manage mitigate and report on risks within the role, escalating anything of significance  To ensure compliance with all requirements of my clients regulators and champion 'Treating Customers Fairly' principles in all customer interactions. Person Specification Education/Qualifications: Educated to GCSE / O Level standard Skills / Experience attributes: Relevant marketing or teaching experience Outstanding public speaking skills Persuasive influencing skills Ability to explain complex information in a clear, articulate and easy to understand manner. Time management / planning organization even under pressure Flexible approach to working hours as role demands unsociable hours and extended time away from home. Experience of affinity marketing and / or working with schools Worksite marketing and / or event coordination Customer focused outlook. Excellent computer and numeracy skills Target driven team player. Reporting to: Programme Manager Annual Salary: **** per annum depending on skills and experience Benefits:  Car allowance  Fuel card  Pension,  Life assurance  22 days holiday per year (rising with service). Hours of Work: 35 hour week This role will not be available for long so please apply urgently This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingConsultantFinancialServicesEastAnglia_job****