Title: Experienced Account Manager needed – Retail Clients – ****k  London
Webindex: 69169668
Company: ecomrecruitment.com
Description: Experienced Account Manager needed – Retail Clients – Digital Social  ****k London An opportunity has arisen for a talented and experienced Account Manager, to join a boutique digital agency, specialising in the retail industry. If you are an entrepreneurial, selfstarter looking to join a company in an exciting period of transition and growth, seeking the chance to take the next step in your career, this is the opportunity for you. If you are an experienced Account Manager, aspiring to become an Account Director, looking to take ownership of your career and work with a talented startup agency with great potential, this is a not to be missed position. The Account Manager will be responsible for being the face of the agency, providing an integrated consultative service to its growing client base. Working on both a digital and social media basis, you will have experience of leading integrated campaigns, across various social media platforms. Contributing to the development and growth of the business, you will have the opportunity to work on some major fashion and retail retained clients, as well as shape the future of the agency. Skills/experience needed: Agency and inhouse experience of working on multiple retail clients. Experience of working on cross platform campaigns, on social media sites such as Twitter and Facebook. Understanding of PPC, SEO, and Email marketing and content management (hands on experience a bonus). Knowledge and experience of planning and strategic account handling, with analysis of campaign performance. You will be a entrepreneurial, outgoing and fun minded person, willing to join a startup agency and grow with their success. In return you will receive: A competitive salary: ****k (Dependent on experience) The opportunity of flexible working (option to work from home) Great benefit package (including healthcare, phone and laptop) Great London location The opportunity to shape your career as you wish Immediate start If you are interested in hearing more about this opportunity, get in touch immediately, by emailing your CV to philippaecomrecruitment.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ExperiencedAccountManagerneededRetailClients****kLondon_job****