Title: B&Q Data Analyst Web
Webindex: 71658480
Company: B&Q PLC
Description: Role Purpose Analysis of customer data to creation actionable insights into customer behaviours at the macro level and engaging with the business to communicate this to improve decision making, drive profitable growth and support delivery of the B Q objectives. Role Objectives Responsible for supporting the business by analysing customer behaviour utilising specialist analytical tools and providing compelling insight and actions. Design reports and dashboards to highlight main themes and create hypotheses and recommendations backed by evidence. Carry out analysis of digital marketing activity and provide recommendations on how to utilise budget more effectively and generate maximum return on investment. Integration of web analytical data with other data sources to ensure B Q has a holistic view of the customer and their behaviour. Identify business objectives and advise on and develop digital measurement strategies and metrics to support those objectives. Responsible for the development, execution and measurement of customer profiles. They are also responsible for the execution of any analysis that allows us to understand our customers in an omnichannel environment. To design, plan and manage the optimisation and personalisation programme ensuring that the business acts on the outcomes to achieve its objectives. Knowledge/Skills/Experience Required Essential skills: Analytical; Provides insights as well as recommendations for changes and convinces key decision makers of business benefits of the proposed solutions. Curiosity; has an innate passion and curiosity for understanding and investigating customer behaviour and how this can improve business performance. Customer focussed; understands the needs of internal and external customers, responds promptly and ensures the customer is at the forefront of their thinking Commercial awareness; is able to context insight and recommendations through a good understanding of business drivers and dynamics (including highlevel strategy, sales, costs, profits, competitor activity). Understands the relevant technology applications in their area and the wider omnichannel environment. Communicating; balances talking and listening in meetings, communicates complex issues simply and clearly, shares ideas and knowledge with others. Is able to influence and challenge in a crossfunctional environment. Good organisation skills with the ability to manage simultaneous projects across differing stakeholders. IT skills  able to use web analytics tools e.g. Adobe, Google Analytics to a high level. IT skills  basic data analysis skills using Excel. Confident in using PowerPoint for preparing engaging presentations. Meticulous attention to detail and a passion for excellence. Knowledge and experience: Strong knowledge of web analytics implementation and web analytical software (preferably Adobe). Experience of digital marketing process. Experience of managing stakeholders effectively. Commercial understanding including within omnichannel environment. Minimum level of education or qualifications: A relevant degree (e.g. mathematics, operational statistics) or professional qualification an advantage.