Title: Digital Producer & Online Marketing / Ecommerce (retail)
Webindex: 68540567
Company: KING APPAREL
Description: King Apparel Ltd, a growing, lively and dynamic men s street wear fashion label are looking for a suitable candidate to fill their position of Digital producer Online Marketing / Ecommerce (retail) The ideal candidate will have 35 years of experience with a mens contemporary online retailer in a similar role. Key Responsibilities : Managing the company s Ecommerce Website. Responsible for managing and driving all sales on the brand s own website and delivering sales targets. Create and implement content that engages with our customers to encourage them to stay longer on the site, increase traffic and conversion. Manage all the brand s social media (Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, etc). Monthly analysis and reporting of website traffic; responsible for implementing initiatives with recommendations of improvement and additions to the site. Manage and oversee all other online outlets, compliance to the brand s pricing policy and aesthetic guidelines. Skills/Experience : Experience in online sales management Knowledge of and interest in the Streetwear Fashion sector. The ideal candidate must have Ecommerce experience with Magento and Google Analytics, with a solid understanding of SEO. Strong experience in social media strategy, online marketing campaigns and related CMS. Strong copy writing skills. Must be able to show initiative and improvisation in creating web based content and stories as well as selling product both new and old. Strong IT skills  Office, Photoshop, Illustrator and basic HTML. A strong visual eye for imagery, look books and fashion photography would be a plus. This is an ideal opportunity to start with a fast growing, exciting company, in a position which has scope to grow as time progresses. We regret that due to volume, only shortlisted applicants will be contacted, therefore if you do not hear from us, please assume that you've not been successful on this occasion. For more information please check our website www.kingapparel.com