Title: Digital Direct Response Manager
Webindex: 69022654
Company: Digital Personnel  Ltd
Description: Leading Global Marketing and Media Agency requires a Digital Direct Response Manager to support their Global Digital Exchange team working across a variety of high profile clients from their offices in London. The agency is a leading media services network with tremendous billings The network consists of offices located globally with a dedication to forge competitive marketing advantage for businesses and their brands. The Digital Exchange team covers Performance channels including Paid Search, Affiliate and Display/DSP. As a Digital Direct Response Manager Manager you will play a pivotal role in the day to day ownership of client engagements and campaign execution and management. The Manager will report into the Exchange Business Director and will offer a strong background in paid search and display. You will be expected to successfully manage existing client engagements as well as demonstrate skills to take on additional responsibilities including mentoring junior team members and leading client relationships. Principal accountabilities will include; Managing and owning client s B2B or B2B Direct Response and PPC engagements. Providing creative and strategic insight to improve client project performance. Becoming a specialist in your client s vertical sector, e.g. finance, automotive, retail, etc. Assisting in training executives in reporting, bid management, strategy and best practices. Overseeing and manage tasks of junior members of the team. Proactively support senior members of the team. Attending client meetings, providing outstanding levels of client service to all team clients in a proactive manner. Candidates will offer the following key skills and knowledge; The ideal candidate should have a strong PPC background with a good knowledge of Display and Direct Response Marketing. Minimum of 2 years Direct Response experience. Experience of building strategies for clients. Expert understanding of metrics and DR campaign management. Expert understanding of technologies to track and measure digital activity. Strong project and account management skills. Agency experience. Good understanding of Adserving technology. Language skills would be beneficial. This is a great opportunity for a talented Digital Manager with experience in PPC and Display to further develop their knowledge for a leader within the marketing and media landscape. If you feel that you have the skills to add value please do not hesitate to applyDigital Personnel is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Digital Personnel is a specialist recruitment consultancy supporting the digital media market, developing recruitment partnerships with innovative interactive businesses on a global scale. Digital Personnel supply the talent so that our clients can focus on creating and implementing online marketing strategies that continue to push the boundaries within this everevolving industry