Title: OUTSTANDING DIGITAL ACCOUNT DIRECTOR ROLE
Webindex: 71888874
Company: Ultimate Asset
Description: THE COMPANY You'll be working for one of the leading media agencies in the world. The agency has a client list to die for and is renowned in the industry for having some of the brightest digital minds in the industry working there. It has an ever growing international team that is always at the top table in terms of digital, winning industry awards and setting the standard in creative use of digital media. It promotes from within and rewards loyalty, hard work and creative thinking. THE ROLE The role is solely focused on digital marketing and solutions for one of the agency's largest brands, across Europe and globally. This will include, but not be exclusive to; developing strategies for individual markets to adhere to, recommending budgets across online media and other types of digital activity including analytics, managing innovative digital marketing projects. Over time, the successful candidate will take on sole responsibility for the digital strategy across EMEA. You will report directly into a Business Director, and be responsible for the outputs of Account Managers and Executives and coordinating market outputs. The role will be within the digital leadership team which is responsible for setting the direction for digital on the account. RESPONSIBILITIES Utilising your knowledge and experience of digital to manage and develop the team to provide evermore innovative and relevant digital solutions Devise over arching digital strategies across the EMEA region Providing day to day decision making for your accounts' digital work Devising and managing markets and campaigns directly and through your team Responsible for managing day to day contacts at a senior level Meeting with media owners and learning about future opportunities Understanding the clients business Managing the day to day performance of the digital team Play a key role in developing opportunities across digital display, partnerships and measurement REQUIREMENTS Knowledge of or at least a working understanding of: digital display, social media in the context of marketing, paid search, SEO; adserving, analytics. Attribution modelling and data utilization skills are valuable too. Usage of TGI, Comscore, and various desktop research sources is important. International experience is a bonus, but not a prerequisite. Ability to work independently and as part of a team, to absorb information and make rational decisions based on the information at hand. Demonstrate a pleasant and open demeanour at all times. Client handling skills are essential to this role. This is a fantastic opportunity so please get in contact with James Stevenson on **** **** **** I am also on LinkedIn (search for James Stevenson). We currently have a number of other exciting digital opportunities which I would love to chat through with you, all at prominent companies.