Title: Press Officer  Marketing and Communications
Webindex: 71552667
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Press Officer  Marketing and Communications Reference no: Lambeth **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: SW2 **** What s involved with this role: Use all forms of media and communications to build, maintain and manage the reputation of the client. Use all relevant marketing techniques to ensure key messages are received and understood by citizens with due regard to value for money. Plan, develop and implement proactive PR strategies. Liaise with Chief Officers, senior managers and elected members as necessary. Liaise with and respond to enquiries from all media commonly by phone or email. Research, write and distribute press releases to targeted media. Collate reactive and proactive media coverage for preparation of monthly media activity reports. Coordinate photo opportunities. Attend and support media attending events such as press conferences, exhibitions, open days, campaign launches and press tours as appropriate. Provide information for the Council's web site relating to media relations Support the PR aspect of any crisis situation with other team members. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also highlight that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Recent experience of working in communications or public relations preferably in the public sector. Effective use of multiple communications channels. Experience of delivering multiple projects simultaneously. Experience of working with media and/or journalists. Excellent presentation skills to mixed audiences Ability to communicate clearly and effectively through written articles, reports and documents. Ability to translate complex issues into plain English. Ability to write press releases and statements Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Marketing and Communications/Press Officer Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 2 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited