Title: Marketing / Content Editor  (Financial Publications)  London
Webindex: 71686260
Company: Guru Resourcing
Description: MARKETING EDITOR / CONTENT EDITOR  (FINANCIAL PUBLICATIONS)  LONDON We are seeking a Marketing Editor / Content Editor to join a leading London based publication group who specialise in the financial and investment sectors. Read on Founded in **** this leading publisher of consumer and business journals are considered as the thought leaders in their field. With a particular focus on investments, financial and economic news they deliver advice and news spanning UK and global markets. Joining as a Marketing Editor / Content Editor you will play an integral role within the Marketing Compliance team ensuring that all marketing and editorial materials meet the required standards. The compliance team ensure that all marketing and editorial materials adhere to regulatory standards determined by the Financial Services Authority and the Advertising Standards Authority. Your focus will be reviewing, analysing and editing financial marketing and editorial copy to ensure publications meet those standards. Required skills  A thoughtful, problemsolving personality and the ability to grasp and explain complex concepts.  An inquisitive mind, a passion for learning and a firm grasp on the nuances of language.  Excellent reading, writing and communication skills are critical.  Strong attention to detail.  An interest or background in finance (advantageous). Prior compliance experience is unnecessary as you will receive full training to become an expert in several key areas of regulation. This opening would be an ideal opportunity for a recent graduate looking to progress their career or someone already familiar with copy editing, copywriting or proofreading marketing materials. Either way an excellent grasp of the English language is key. If your CV is successful: You will be asked to submit an analytical writing sample that poses and defends an original argument. College or university papers are welcome. Your writing sample should highlight your ability to think critically and work through a complex problem. Successful applicants should also expect a competitive salary, career progression and an enjoyable working environment. Get in touch Keywords: Marketing Compliance, Proof Reader, Proofreader, Advertising Copy Editor, Graduate Marketing Editor, Copy Editor, Content Editor, Copywriting, Finance, Investment, Economic News, Graduate News Editor, FSA, ASA, Graduate Content Editing Jobs, Graduate Copywriting Jobs, Journalism, Copy Editing Jobs in South London, Graduate Marketing Jobs, Graduate Copywriting Jobs in London, Graduate Content Editing Jobs in London, London Bridge, Waterloo, SE1. Guru are an employment business renowned for delivering careers networking to the Marketing sector. In this instance Guru are managing the selection process for this particular Marketing Editor / Content Editor campaign on the behalf of our client. We offer a transparent service to both clients and candidates which means that if you pass our initial filtering criteria (based on your CV suitability against our client s requirements) we will email you with the client s details and also pass your complete application to the client for consideration. By applying to this role you are granting consent for us to work in this way. One final note, your application will only be used in conjunction with this specific role.