Title: Direct Marketing Executives On behalf of home energy efficiency
Webindex: 68676879
Company: Seven Acorns
Description: We are looking for **** people available for an immediate start representing one of the top energy efficiency companies within Scotland. No surveying experience is required because we offer full product training, ongoing guidance, and support. Our client wants us to help them prequalify customers and survey their homes to determine if they qualify for their energy efficiency products. We help to ensure that properties are up to regulation standards, that customers on benefits receive the correct information about insulation grants, and that there is widespread knowledge on the 2011 Carbon Footprint Initiative. No specific experience is required, but people that have worked in the following fields often succeed on this campaign:  Energy/ Utilities  Construction/ Building  Property/ Lettings  Surveying/ Architecture  Sales/ Customer Service  Leadership/ Teamwork  Business/ Administration All openings will initially involve speaking to the members of the public to gauge their level of interest and determine if they qualify for our client`s products. Experienced people will also follow up on leads to sketch properties and take additional details. These details are then passed onto our client so they can follow up and complete the sale. We have multiple spots to fill and can accommodate long or shortterm commitments. The more you put in, the more you get out, so full time hours are recommended. Requirements:  You need to be 18 years old  You need to be eligible to work in the UK and able to commute to our office in Glasgow daily  A strong work ethic and desire to succeed are recommended because growth earnings are based on results.  People able to start immediately are welcome, but notice periods will be taken into consideration too Send your CV through the online application process now for immediate consideration This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DirectMarketingExecutivesOnbehalfofhomeenergyefficiency_job****