Title: Customer Marketing Manager FMCG
Webindex: 68565022
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Customer Marketing Manager FMCG c.****K****K  Company Car  Benefits West London TL**** Working for this global food manufacturer with a host of muchloved brands, you will play a key role in driving the growth of a major new product category in the key multiple impulse channel. In what is a challenging and broadbased role, you will set the agenda for our client s brands in this channel, in terms of space, range, location and distribution, and will develop insightdriven category solutions to increase shopper interest and purchase. You will also work closely with the account management teams to implement business initiatives, NPD and promotional activity at the point of purchase Our Ideal Candidate A robust background in customer, trade or shopper marketing within a FMCG business, is key to your success in this role, as is excellent knowledge and experience of the UK retail trade. Commercially astute with strong financial and analytical skills, you will be able to use data to build strong trade stories and arguments, and will ideally have experience of developing insights on shopper missions and behaviour to understand drivers of purchase instore. You will have had experience of developing customer and channel specific POS initiatives and where relevant customer specific SKUs. With extensive exposure to different teams across the business, you will need excellent interpersonal and influencing skills. Client Profile Our client is a global leader in the FMCG food drink industry with a huge range of market leading brands purchased by people in well over 150 countries millions of times each day. A leader in innovation, marketing, health wellness and sustainability, this company consistently breaks new ground, driving existing and new brands into its markets with substantial support budgets, clear strategic leadership and a passion for responding to consumer needs and desires. Tarsh Lazare is committed to finding the right roles for talented candidates. We are a leading name in marketing recruitment. We have significant marketing experience working with brand management, communications, category management and insight/research specialists. If you would like to discuss this role or any other roles that might be suitable, please email or call one of the team. Email: mail N/A .uk. Tel: N/A