Title: Online Project Manager
Webindex: 68680452
Company: Response
Description: Online Project Manager Based in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire Salary circa ****  Excellent Benefits The world's largest and foremost office products company are currently looking to recruit an intelligent and accomplished Online Project Manager at their UK Head Office in High Wycombe. You would be expected to provide a high standard of project management for a range of eCommerce projects, taking overall responsibility for project definition, planning and execution, ensuring all projects are delivered on time and within budget. This is a fantastic opportunity for a confident Project Manager with experience in an eCommerce environment to make an impact within a dynamic marketleading company. Reporting to the Central Operations Director as well as working alongside senior management, you will be tasked with defining a project's goals in line with business objectives before managing all daytoday operational aspects as well as overseeing quality control throughout its lifecycle. You will be expected to manage all resources effectively, creating and executing project work plans, coordinating the efforts of team members, facilitating meetings and workshops, as well as assisting with issue resolution when necessary. You will ensure appropriate user acceptance test plans are created and carried out, as well as manage the design of user training plans. You will be expected to provide effective project communication, ensuring senior management are kept fully informed through weekly communications plus engaging and wellorganised presentations. The ideal candidate for the role will be educated to degree level and must be able to demonstrate significant experience managing projects within previous eCommerce environments. A strong knowledge and understanding of HTML, XML, Adobe Photoshop, content management systems, data feeds, plus web development and associated ERP development will be essential to the role. You will be an instinctive and strategic individual with excellent project management ability plus strong communication and interpersonal skills. You will be well organised with excellent analytical ability and good attention to detail, plus the ability to multitask and prioritise a varied workload. This is a pivotal role within one of the world's largest retail companies. To apply for the Online Project Manager role please send us a CV and covering letter stating reference STA**** The job will suit candidates with the following backgrounds: Online Project Manager, Digital Project Manager, Digital Manager, eCommerce Manager, Ecommerce Manager, Online Marketing Manager, Head of eCommerce, eCommerce Marketing Manager, eCommerce Project Manager, Project Manager, digital Marketing Manager. The role will suit candidates in the following areas: High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, Maidenhead, Marlow, Slough, Windsor, Beaconsfield, Watford, Amersham, Chesham, Hemel Hempstead, Aylesbury, Thame, Wallingford, Reading, Berkshire. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OnlineProjectManager_job****