Title: Brand Manager, Luxury Travel
Webindex: 68197473
Description: A really exciting opportunity has just come in My client, a luxury cruise operator is looking for an experienced Brand Manager. Reporting to Head of Marketing you will be the UK Ireland brand guardian and with the support of the international marketing team, ensure that all communications conform to global brand guidelines and resonate with the UK target market. To deliver mass market communications such as brochures and be the main point of contact for all UK I departments on all aspects of the brand and onboard product. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:  Overall responsibility for all UK brand communications to ensure global brand alignment across all departments and activity. To be aware of all activity in market and act as a central point of information.  To develop a detailed understanding of all aspects of the onboard product and ensure that changes/enhancements are appropriately communicated in a timely and relevant way to all channels. To be a central source of product information for all UK departments.  To work closely with the Revenue Management teams to review sales performance and identify need areas that can be communicated to online and trade teams for promotion. To represent marketing at all review calls and ensure team are focused on strategic products.  To monitor and review UK guest satisfaction and work with the ships/US team to develop appropriate plans.  Working with the International team to be responsible for the delivery of the UK Ireland brochures, from creative development through to print and production and budget management.  To develop any ATL activity or any other mass communications which have the specific aim of generating brand awareness and promoting education.  Working closely with the trade training team, to support the development of all internal and trade training materials and ensure that the messaging is easy to get` for the audience but also aligned to the brand guidelines.  To monitor how competitors communicate their brands and update departments where relevant on key insights.  Responsible for management, motivation and personal development of direct reports, including an ongoing programme of mentoring and skill development, the setting of objectives and regular appraisals EXPERIENCE / KNOWLEDGE SKILLS  Proven marketing experience ideally in a multinational marketing environment  Matrix organisation experience preferable  Demonstrated success in brand management  Travel Industry experience preferable PERSONAL ATTITIUDE AND SKILLS  Highly motivated, can do` attitude with proven interpersonal skills  Proactive, enthusiastic and a team player  Ability to proactively collaborate and leverage International/US efforts and, when appropriate, take direction from International/US  Highly analytical together with critical thinking skills  Multitasking skills  highly adaptable  Flexible working hours and travel  Strong presentation skills  written and verbal  Highly analytical and results focused  Highly effective communication skills  Innovative and creative thinker  Computer literate (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) If this sounds like the role for you, please contact Rachel Hawker ASAP Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment specialises in marketing jobs across Creative, PR, Clientside, Account Handling and Executive. We offer unrivalled opportunities across all specialisms and industry sectors, presenting you with only the best marketing jobs. Although we try to respond to all applications, the high number we receive means this isn`t always possible. If you have not heard from us within **** hours, please assume that your application has not been successful. For more information, visit www.blueskiescareers.co.uk and we`ll make sure we do our best to find you the perfect marketing role.