Title: Intranet Content Migration Manager
Webindex: 69830817
Company: THE MIND VEHICLE LTD
Description: Content Migration Executive (Intranet) Our client is a leading corporate with amazing offices in the city. They are a global outfit with an established reputation. Their communications team is currently looking to take on an Intranet Content Migration Executive to join their project team on a 6 month contract. You will manage the migration of more that 3000 sites from one CMS to an updated one on Sharepoint. The Content Migration Executive will: Liaise with content owners to audit and review existing content to be migrated Be responsible for spot checking and reporting on content to ensuring standards are met Manage queries and resolve them efficiently and effectively Align existing content into the new information architecture consulting with business owners Own the maintenance of the IA and taxonomy through the project lifecycle Maintain date via checking duplicates, merging or moving records, updating or archiving records Establish various content management / quality assurance processes The ideal candidate for this position will have: Experience dealing with multiple stakeholders Possess effective communication skills Previous experience managing or supervising others including suppliers Experience working in online marketing / communications First rate project management skills Experience of working in a partnership environment Experience managing content on a SharePoint platform Understanding of editorial processes This is a fantastic opportunity to work with a global brand and add an exciting project to your experience. Viamii Recruitment Training is a specialist career service for those in the media, marketing and communications sector. We have uniquely combined ****ey areas of an individual's personal development to be able to offer it on one platform  Viamii. We at Viamii take time to understand your needs and get to the heart of what's right for you; whether it's the next allimportant step in your career, that crucial hire for your business or a training gap which could forward your results  you'll get it  Viamii. With over 14 years experience recruiting within the industry, we know what we're talking about. Our approach is personal, bespoke, flexible and honest. We don't just influence careers, we influence lives This approach is what sets us apart and makes us the agency to come to for your recruitment and/or training needs. Viamii Recruitment covers Content, Internal/External Communications, Digital, Client Services and Marcomms within London and the home counties Please note: Only successful candidates will be notified