Title: Client Partner New Business Consultancy
Webindex: 72684477
Company: Stonor
Description: Client Partner  New Business Consultancy  **** Starting Salary  Bonus The Company Here s a chance for a strong Account Manager or Senior Account Manager to join the best respected new business consultancy in the country . Set up nearly 20 years ago this business is all about helping marketing services agencies win new clients by advising them on their new business strategy. They work with hundreds of Advertising, PR and Marketing agencies mainly in London but also abroad and provide a consultancy service to them in order to improve their pitch success rate and ensure they're targeting the correct sectors. Due to continued growth a senior position has become available in their central London office for a dedicated account manager who will be the first point of contact for their varied clients. The Role They re looking for an Account Manager to lead a team of business developers and plan and direct new business campaigns for their clients. This is a great opportunity for someone wishing to move to the next level and join the bestresourced and most effective team in the field. Reporting to the Senior Account Director, your primary remit will be the delivery of clients' growth objectives and the profitable development of their accounts. You ll have a team to support you and this role will not involve cold calling. It will however involve lot s of face to face meetings with the directors of marketing services agencies. The Candidate The client partner role requires a thorough understanding of the new business environment in the marketing services industry and a passion for brands and marketing techniques. You will have the character to consult with and handle demanding clients who expect high levels of proactivity and delivery within challenging timeframes. The chances are that you will come from a marketing services background yourself and most likely an agency environment. This would suit someone at AM or SAM level looking for a new challenge in a very forward thinking, accountable business. Other key attributes of a successful client partner include:  Flexibility and the confidence to creatively negotiate commercial outcomes Excellent social skills Calm under pressure Excellent organisation, managing their own time and others efficiently Meticulous attention to detail A broad commercial acumen is also important for this role. It s important that you are able to think creatively on behalf of your clients and come up with innovative solutions whilst advising them on where they might have been going wrong to date. There will be plenty of chance for progression in this role both in terms of remuneration and standing within the business. You will attend board meetings and have a say in the direction of the company itself. You will receive excellent training, close support, and benefit from working in a welldesigned, light, spacious office, among a community of over **** intelligent and savvy new business professionals. It's a great chance to step out of media/advertising sales and try a more consultative approach.