Title: German PR Account Executive
Webindex: 71849404
Company: Creative Personnel
Description: PR Account Executive A global businesstobusiness marketing public relations agency, is seeking a native German PR Account Executive for our London office to implement strategic public relations programs and help support a fastgrowing client base. We are looking for a responsible and positive professional with strong writing skills, a confident presence and business style, and 13 years of experience in public relations to join our multicultural team in London. The ideal candidate enjoys working with other talented people in a creative, collaborative and fastpaced environment. A downtoearth and handson approach is also needed. Qualifications include: o Exceptional English and additional language skills (preferably in Russian, French, Spanish or Italian, with strong grammar and vocabulary knowledge o Degree in journalism, public relations, communications or related field o 13 years of PR experience in an agency or journalism background preferred o Aptitude for understanding technologybased businesses o Strong interpersonal skills o Additional language skills a plus o Willingness to travel across Europe and to the United States Responsibilities include: Responsibilities and tasks will include, but are not limited to: o Client management  handling client requests, building client relationships. o Media relations  facilitating media requests, proactively generating targeted publicity in European print and online trade and business media, building relationships with key media. o Writing  ability to understand the complex industrial technologies of our clients and develop press releases and feature articles that convey key business value. Prior knowledge about these industries is not needed, but a strong writing foundation is. o Project/account management  working with account teams to execute programs, setting and meeting deadlines, keeping clients and team members on track. Offer: The Account Executive will report to Senior Management. The annual salary ranges **** to **** depending on experience and skills. Dental plan and pension plan included. ``Life at the agency`` There are four key benefits that we feel make my clients agency a great place to be: 1. Professional Development They want you to get as much experience as possible. If you can handle it, it`s yours. There`s no pigeonholing here. **** Global Business Exposure Their offices, clients, colleagues and the media we work with are scattered across the globe. They look for people that are happy to take the occasional conference call at 9am Singapore time. 3. People and Culture Their people come from various cultural and professional backgrounds, and have diverse personality traits. It makes for a unique work environment and a collaborative and supportive office culture. **** Growth Path There`s no glass ceiling at the agency. They look to develop talent and promote internally. Their strategy is to provide all the tools necessary to succeed, and leave it up to you to determine how far you go, and how quickly you get there. pr account executive, pr account, pr account manager, pr account director, pr, media relations, public relations, journalist, digital pr, experiential, press officer, social media intelligence, event management, marcomms, marketing communications, marketing manager, communications manager, brand manager This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GermanPRAccountExecutive_job****