Title: Digital Account Director, Consumer, PR Agency,
Webindex: 66701648
Company: Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment
Description: My client is a famous integrated agency based in the heart of London's West End. They have a huge portfolio of international fashion, drinks, beauty and lifestyle brands. This multiaward winning agency are looking for an experienced Digital Account Director to work across a selection of beauty clients. The role;  Develop and drive client spend on Digital and Social take ownership of campaign budgets, and demonstrate increased spend on Digital across client business.  Maintain and develop strong relations within the online community  Identify digital channels appropriate to each client and create compelling digital copy/ press releases  Effective management of client online presence and online communities, demonstrating brand affinity and appropriate tone of voice  Manage client expectations and demands  delivering sound, strategic digital solutions and ensuring client satisfaction  Overall responsibility for client satisfaction  ensure successful delivery of all client KPI`s carefully monitoring results including forthcoming and published editorial weekly.  Identify overall brand building opportunities for clients, and opportunities to use Digital and Social channels to generate outstanding coverage, drive engagement and brand loyalty.  Undertake the hiring and development of a Digital team, comprised of Community Managers and Digital/Social AM/AEs  Demonstrate understanding of the marketing mix and how social media runs through all elements of modern campaigns  Develop and lead creative social media campaigns, amplifying content across a variety of digital channels  Develop and identify opportunities to increase client revenue and strengthen client relationships through the successful pitching and delivery of Digital and Social campaigns and strategies If you would like to be considered for this role please send your CV and covering letter to Natalie at apply.a****lg****aium82blueskiescareers.aptrack.co Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment specialises in marketing jobs across Creative, PR, Clientside, Account Handling and Executive. We offer unrivalled opportunities across all specialisms and industry sectors, presenting you with only the best marketing jobs. Although we try to respond to all applications, the high number we receive means this isn`t always possible. If you have not heard from us within **** hours, please assume that your application has not been successful. For more information, visit www.blueskiescareers.co.uk and we`ll make sure we do our best to find you the perfect marketing role.