Title: Dutch and Spanish speaking Media Researcher
Webindex: 68668189
Company: Talent Quest Limited
Description: Client Profile: Our client is a leading name in global media research and is an indispensable resource to PR and Investor Relation professionals worldwide. We are currently seeking to recruit a Dutch and Spanish speaking Media Researcher to work within a vibrant, friendly and professional team based in the City.The ideal person will combine high quality written skills and a confident, outgoing personality with a knowledge print, broadcast and online media. Role Description: Completing daily tasks including data entry, research telephone calls, media outlet staff verifications, web site research, and journalist profile writing. Ensuring the quality of media research information provided is accurate and collated to the highest standard. Extensive phone contact with the media and is a clientfocused environment. This is a results driven and fast paced environment. Researchers are required to be detail orientated and to have a strong work ethic. Develop understanding of the Scandinavian media market and current trends. Build relationships with media industry organizations to enhance stakeholder relations. Responding to client requests and data queries, ensuring service level agreements are met. Applying data quality principles of accuracy, completeness, timeliness, consistency and relevance to management and development of Dutch and Spanish Research data Identify news areas for research and new approaches, exploiting Internet and technology potential for research processes. Accuracy, consistency, timeliness, completeness and relevance of data, ensuring the data quality standards Customer satisfaction achieved through high standards of services and data Timely research and deadlines are being met according to plan. Consistent workflow. Person Specification: You will be a confident, enthusiastic and proactive person, with a relevant degree and some working knowledge of newspaper journalism, together with a general understanding of the UK media industry.  Dutch and Spanish language skills are required for the role.Applicants will ideally be fluent to native level in Dutch, and will be confident in using Spanish in a business context (phone, email, reading, researching, etc) Awareness of the critical importance of providing accurate quality data as well as undertaking research all year round. Detailoriented with the ability to maintain an awareness of how specific data is displayed in all products. The ability to prioritize projects based on business needs and multi task.  Excellent standard of grammar and spelling (English language).  Excellent telephone and written communication skills.  Database experience, with Internet and Microsoft Office and Outlook skills. Additional Information Talent Quest Ltd is a specialist recruitment consultancy service specialising in Digital, Media, Creative, PR, Marketing, Market Research Insight as well as multilingual supporting functions. Registered offices in the UK. We are also members of the Recruitment and Employment Confederation (REC) and adhere to strict professional practice. We always strive for the highest standards of service however, with the number of applications we receive for some of our vacancies, it is not always possible to get back to everyone individually. If you do not hear from us within 4 days, it means in this instance your application has not been taken any further. We hope that you will apply again for any positions that interest you in the future. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DutchandSpanishspeakingMediaResearcher_job****