Title: Communications Officer – Environmental Services
Webindex: 69042865
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Communications Officer Environmental Services Reference no: Lambeth **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: SW2 **** What s involved with this role: To provide a range of communications skills in order to support the successful delivery of specific projects and to take a lead on specific pieces of work as identified by the Communications Managers. To take operational and projectmanagement responsibility for a range of communications that will enable the successful delivery of the communications plan To monitor and evaluate the quality and effectiveness of communication plans. To work on specific projects as part of a team of communications officers and to take the lead on specific projects as appropriate To commission and liaise with internal and external suppliers including web editors, designers, printers and photographers in the production of publications and publicity; to manage the schedule and quality of work commissioned from external agencies and internal services To log and record, manage and monitor, the production of communication projects and safeguard the output, artwork and images, electronically and through copyright in accordance with legislation and council policy. To create technical briefs for communication and marketing projects, and manage suppliers where appropriate, obtain estimates from contractors and assess each component of each proposal for value for money, using the council s tendering and procurement procedures. To manage, monitor and advise on the consistent application of the council s house style for written communications and the visual identity for design applications, ensuring work complies with the council s style guide. To ensure that information in all communications and marketing programmes is accurate. To subedit complex documents to produce succinct reports, briefings and marketing and publicity materials targeted at specific audiences as required. To arrange relevant media relations activities (such as launches, briefings and photocalls) in conjunction with the council s press office in line with the requirements of the post. To prepare clear, concise and strong copy suitable for a variety of audiences and media. To ensure that easily understandable information about the council is available and accessible, through appropriate and effective distribution systems. To support the financial / budget management of identified communications projects or campaigns, ensuring activity is delivered on time and within budget. To work in a positive, approachable way which is transparent, open and honest to customers, partners and staff, consistent with the council s core values and priorities. To be prepared to work outside of normal hours, including some evenings and weekends. Specific to this order: To enable the successful delivery and implementation of the Communications Plan. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Significant recent experience of change through internal communications, giving professional support to managers, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation Proven knowledge and understanding of communications and marketing techniques HR communications, change management and cultural change management experience Ability to deliver workshops and presentations to a wide range of groups, including elected members Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Environmental Services /Communications Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 12 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited