Title: Senior Marketing / Communications Executive
Webindex: 68705604
Company: CORE Education and Consulting Solutions  Ltd
Description: Company CORE Education and Consulting Solutions (UK) Ltd deliver recruitment and technology solutions to schools, academies and colleges through its three operating brands  ITN Mark Education www.itnmark.com; NP Education www.educationnp.com ; and CORE ECS www.coreecs.co.uk . Role CORE Education and Consulting Solutions (UK) Ltd is looking for a talented communications professional to join the marketing and communications team. As Senior Communications Executive you will be responsible for writing clear, concise and compelling copy to support all internal and external communications activities. The role is also responsible for delivering well targeted leadgeneration campaigns. Person The right candidate will possess a minimum of 3 years experience in a communications role. A degree in marketing, communications or journalism is essential. You will offer proven experience in a similar role in a B2B environment. Your expertise will include campaign planning execution, producing marketing and sales tools, PR, and writing for websites and social media platforms. Ideally, you will have an understanding of the education sector. You must be persuasive, persistent and patient in your approach, as well as having the ability to cope well under pressure. You must have a flexible attitude to working hours as well as occasional travelling within the UK. Reward This is a fantastic opportunity to work with a diverse group of brands within the business, as part of an internal marketing and communication team. In return for your hard work, your personal development will be supported, as we take pride in being an employer who invests in our staff. An excellent benefits package and competitive salary is offered to the right candidate. If you feel you have the right skills to succeed in our friendly and social environment, please apply ASAP with a cover letter highlighting your relevant experience. If you could require further information on the role, please feel free to phone Mian Shuttleworth on **** for a confidential chat. The position is subject to an Enhanced CRB Disclosure. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorMarketingCommunicationsExecutive_job****