Title: Online Business Development Manager
Webindex: 71298200
Company: Parkside
Description: A brand new role has been created by a globally recognised brand within the automotive industry to work within the marketing department in order to grow their share of the online retail market. The main goal is to ensure the visibility of the companies brands in online environments and to maintain an overview of the online retail landscape. You will be responsible for identifying future key players and establishing business relationships whilst supporting new business and existing customers. DUTIES The key duties in the role include identifying and supporting online promotional activities; negotiating to secure brand and product advertising space; tactical placement of consumer promotions and competitions; ensuring correct use of logos, quality of images and accuracy of content; and securing presence in the retailer s own consumer contact programmes. Other significant activities will be discussing and agreeing product listing and recommendation options; identifying added value content opportunities; and generating new online traffic to target retailer sites. The role also carries clear responsibility for maintaining the online retail market picture including competitor analysis; price evolution; market volume development; and relevant trend data. The successful candidate will not only work closely with our marketing and sales development specialists to maximise online opportunities, but equally importantly will be enabling and supporting the entire sales organisation in delivering profitable growth through the online retail market place. Local and international networking, best practice sharing and the development of an optimised online business development toolbox will be critical to the success of this function. SKILLS 2 years experience in a sales/marketing function. Excellent communication skills and a strong personality Proven track record of managing processes or projects Proven team player who is flexible and committed Willingness to travel within the UK & Ireland Willingness to travel internationally as and when requiredParkside Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Parkside Recruitment is an Equal Opportunities Employer