Title: Analyst Positions for Product/Online/Marketing Effectiveness
Webindex: 69961761
Description: Pr cis Global Leader of Insurance and Managing Consulting Services seeks to appoint **** Analyst Positions covering Product, Online and Marketing Effectiveness. About the Client Global Leader of Insurance and Managing Consulting Services About the Role Please be sure to highlight which of the three roles you are applying for. Product Analyst: The primary responsibility of the role is to focus on Consumer insurance products and be responsible for the provision of detailed analysis on the various products' performance together with recommendations on actions to ensure policy sales and retention targets are met or exceeded. Understand conversion, retention and lapsed performance trends by customer profile Model and test to understand price elasticity across our products and channels Undertake detailed analysis of insurer performance You will have: Consumer Insurance experience, Analytical skills, understanding of modelling, ability to deliver to tight deadlines and a high level of accuracy. Online Analyst: The primary responsibility of the role is to work across all the Affinity businesses where we have various websites providing information and quote and buy to consumers and businesses. Our ambition is to grow our web capability to also support customer self service. You will form close relationships with the IT business support area and the marketers to provide challenge, guidance and delivery to business targets Track usage trends of Affinity websites of visitors, sources of traffic, and user behaviour across the various customer journeys. Establish, maintain and update the web experience from the viewpoint of the customer Provide recommendations to improve website effectiveness and visit to sale ratios Subject matter expert on social, email and call centre integration, CMS, Sharepoint and web analytics You will have: Online ecommerce expertise and strong analytical skills gained within an online consumer environment. Insurance or Financial Services experience is NOT essential in this role. Marketing Effectiveness Analyst: The primary responsibility of the role is to work across all the Affinity businesses, supporting the marketing managers to deliver the business targets through improved marketing effectiveness. Undertake detailed analysis of data and provide learning from current marketing ROMI Recommend and deploy modelling techniques that offer actionable marketing benefits Design and manage a marketing forecasting tool Understand channel and media behaviour and recommend ways to improve ROI Understand seasonality across our business and the optimum length of time pre renewal to contact customers for renewal or acquisition. You will have: Consumer marketing knowledge, Analytical skills, Ideally CRM experience, Insurance or Financial Services Experience. About the Offer Up to ****  Benefits. To apply please email outlining your current package/day rate and specifically which position you are interested in.