Title: Account Director  Healthcare Comms/Healthcare Policy
Webindex: 68688209
Company: Fresh Connect Recruitment
Description: A leading, multi awardwinning communications agency is looking for an Account Director for their Healthcare Communications and Healthcare Policy Team. Based in London, this agency has a solid reputation for strong performance as well as an extensive list of top names in their client catalogue. They are seeking a professional who has a deep understanding of the new NHS architecture and ideally a strong agency background. The successful candidate will join an award winning team and will need to have extensive experience in a similar agency along with an outstanding track record. This position would suit someone from a Healthcare Communications background who also has a demonstrable knowledge of Healthcare Policy. The position will focus on a number of accounts across the Healthcare division including pharmaceutical, medical technology and public sector clients. Key responsibilities of the new Account Director include:  Providing strategic advice to clients  Managing various client accounts and budgets  Offering advice and operational support  Line management duties (consultants, senior consultants, researchers)  Participating in pitches and tenders This is a position where you will get to offer business insight and contribute to the agency strategically. To be considered you must have solid experience at Account Director level in Healthcare Communications/Healthcare Policy and also be interested in a career within a dynamic agency. In order to be considered you must have the following knowledge, skills and experience:  Working knowledge of the NHS and UK Health Policy  Media relations experience  Team leadership skills  Pharmaceutical market access knowledge  Budget management skills  Excellent presentation and pitching skills  Business development skills and networking panache This role is an excellent chance to progress as an Account Director and work for a wellestablished and highly regarded agency, apply now For this and similar vacancies, please contact Gary Hoult on **** **** **** or email garyfreshconnect.co.uk Account Director, Associate Director, Senior Account Manager, Healthcare Policy, Healthcare Communications, Healthcare Comms, Healthcare Public Affairs, PR, Public Relations, Public Relations agency, London. Account Director, Associate Director, Senior Account Manager, Healthcare Policy, Healthcare Communications, Healthcare Comms, Healthcare Public Affairs, PR, Public Relations, Public Relations agency, London. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountDirectorHealthcareCommsHealthcarePolicy_job****