Title: Senior Consultant  Insight/Innovation
Webindex: 67321671
Company: Hasson Associates
Description: THE COMPANY Fast growing innovation consultancy based in Central London is recruiting for a strategically minded professional at the Senior Consultant level to join their team. This company is one of the biggest success stories in this space and they specialise in bringing together consumers, staff and stakeholders to solve brand insight challenges in a unique way. They work with a range of clients  all well renowned global brand names  providing them with solutions based around a closer interaction with their customers. THE ROLE The Senior Consultant role has come about due to the success of the business and they now need to consolidate through the hiring of solid mid to senior level professionals. In this role you will be responsible for the following day to day tasks: Work on insight, innovation and brand strategy challenges Build maintain relationships with clients, whilst also growing key accounts. Create and deliver presentations and workshops that convince senior stakeholders to act upon your consultancy advice Take an active role in helping develop techniques, processes and other methods Promote the business at networking events, seminars and conferences THE CANDIDATE The ideal candidate will need to have had prior experience in the following: Experience in planning, innovation, brand strategy or equivalent, ideally having worked on such projects as NPD, communication development, brand strategy or strategic insight work. A proven trackrecord of consulting with global companies including FMCG and technology brands. Experienced at analysing qualitative and quantitative data to develop insights and clear recommendations. Passionate about brands and have a natural enthusiasm for the online world and social media. If you have a hunger to challenge the status quo, then please apply. Please note that only candidates with relevant experience and who are eligible to work in the UK, will receive a response.