Title: Exhibition Sales Executive (Leading Events Company)
Webindex: 71470516
Company: Choice Consultants
Description: Choice Consultants are Scotland's leading specialist advertising and media sales recruitment consultancy. The Client Our client is an award winning UK events company with a portfolio of high profile business and consumer exhibitions, shows and events staged throughout the country. They create some of the largest exhibitions in the UK and are continually improving their product offering to both exhibitors and visitors alike. Their innovative exhibitions provide exhibitors with the opportunity to place their products and services directly in the hands of potential customers. They currently require an Exhibition Sales Executive to work on one of Scotland's top consumer events. The Role You will be responsible for selling a range of exhibition and sponsorship opportunities to business customers throughout the UK. Working in a team based environment you will be responsible for dealing with a mix of new and existing customers. You will be working on an existing database, selfsourcing new customers, generating new business from an existing customer base and managing event plans. This is a structured sale where you will contact key decision makers over the phone identify their business needs then create, design and present innovative exhibition solutions tailored to the client to ensure results. Once on board you will be the main point of contact for the client developing the relationship, establishing their ongoing needs and providing exhibition and event business solutions. Clients will include companies in the following sectors retail, fashion, beauty, lifestyle, travel, food & drink, entertainments, ect. You will maintain an understanding of their market and competitor exhibitions. The role will involve attending competitor exhibitions, working to team revenue targets and deadlines. You will also be responsible for attending the event, assisting in its smooth running, liaising with clients and resolving issues as they arise. The Candidate To be considered for the role you need to have experience and a strong track record of developing new business and managing accounts from within any events, advertising or media sector (magazine, newspaper, publishing, outdoor, radio, exhibitions, etc) You will be creative, be able to deal at levels and have the motivation and drive to continue this brands success. You will have a high attention to detail with the ability to achieve results with limited supervision and continue this exhibitions success. The Package In return you will be given the opportunity to work in a small, relaxed, friendly team environment with a genuine market leader on a leading consumer event. Basic salary to ****K  bonus (OTE ****K)  Generous holiday entitlement  Contributory pension  benefits APPLY NOW AND MAKE IT HAPPEN About Choice Consultants Choice Consultants are a specialist Media Sales Recruitment Consultancy established in 1999, we now hold preferred supplier status for the majority of media players in Scotland. As Scotland's leading Advertising and Media Sales Recruitment Consultancy we recruit for advertising and media sales personnel at all levels for a range of international, national and local media organisations. Our clients include top,  Radio stations  Magazine publishers  Online/Digital Media brands  New Media companies Internet Marketing & Web Design companies  Experiential/Guerrilla Marketing companies  Outdoor Advertising organisations  Directory publishers  Newspaper publishers  Exhibition and Events companies  Media brokers  Television broadcasters  Contract publishing houses Whether you are looking to break into a rewarding career in Media sales, looking for a move into Management, or simply a new challenge we offer opportunities throughout Scotland through our unique and unrivallednetwork of Advertising contacts. To apply for this role or find out more about other opportunities selling media space call Choice Consultants, email or visit our website.