Title: PPC Manager
Webindex: 66182438
Company: The Candidate
Description: Our client is a digital marketing advertising agency in the Greater Manchester area who are looking for an experienced individual in PPC to manage the department. This agency have successfully specialised in a number of online channels for significant client spenders for a few years now. They have doubled their headcount in the last year and have very ambitious plans for the next **** – 24 months. Online marketing and digital marketing is their specialism. Natural demand from their diverse range of online and digital national and international direct response clients means that they are launching a search marketikng PPC division and require an experienced search manager or PPC Manager to launch the department and grow the advertising agency's offering. The company will give full support and investment to the successful candidate as they plan to grow this offering significantly in the coming months and years. This is a great way to develop your online marketing and digital advertising career. Their initial large spending client operate PPC campaigns across multiple English and non English speaking territories. Experience managing this type or very similar type of campaign is essential. Spend is in the tens of thousands per month, per campaign. Do you fit the following criteria?  Have you been working PPC side in an agency and want to apply your skills now to run your own department?  Have you had hands on experience running multiple international PPC campaigns successfully (languages not essential as there are translators in the team)?  Do you want to get more involved in strategy, leading campaigns your way and reporting successes?  Do you have ambitions to run your own client accounts, set strategy and grow an account team around your client’s demands?  Would you like the opportunity to join a relatively young agency and grow as part of the management team and decision makers into a national player in the agency world? This agency operates a work hard play hard mentality. They are a very knowledgeable and energetic team that don’t stick to the **** – **** culture so it is important to keep this in mind. Saying that, this is a very big and unique opportunity for the right candidate. If you have a suitable agency background and would like a challenge to become successful in PPC at a managerial level within a very ambitious agency then this is potentially for you. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PPCManager_job****