Title: Marketing Assistant/ Marketing Trainee  Immediate Start
Webindex: 68682321
Company: Phillips Acquisitions
Description: Marketing Assistant/ Marketing Trainee  Immediate Start Luton, Bedfordshire Phillips Acquisitions Ltd are a developing outsourced sales and marketing company who are based in Luton. Our exciting organisation reaches out across the UK, serving an international client base consisting of top brand names in the entertainment, home improvements and charity sectors. We’re looking for additional Marketing Assistant's/ Marketing Trainee's over the next 6 weeks because our service is in high demand and our client portfolio is expanding. Are you 18 years of age eligible to work in the UK? Are you looking for a place where your hard work will be rewarded? If so, we’d love to hear from you Our Marketing Assistant's/ Marketing Trainee's help our clients gain more market share (customers) by speaking to members of the public, explaining their options, and answering their questions in a friendly professional manner. We are currently planning for growth over the next 24 months and as such, opportunities to oversee teams, clients and markets will arise and we always look to promote from within Marketing Assistant/ Marketing Trainee Requirements: In order to represent our clients and complete new customer applications, you’ll need to be 18 years of age and eligible to work in the UK No experience is needed because we offer full product training and ongoing guidance, but experience working with customers can be helpful (retail sales/ customer service/ hospitality). No specific degree nor qualifications are needed, but business, marketing and communication related qualifications are beneficial Our office is based in Luton City Centre, where you’ll need to travel daily. We welcome applications from locals, people willing to commute and people willing to relocate A professional manner and smart appearance are essential since you’ll be meeting with customers facetoface A solid work ethic and desire to succeed are essential because earnings and growth are both based on performance Phillips Acquisitions Ltd pride ourselves on our fastpaced, highenergy environment, so if you’re looking for a place to learn, earn and have fun, look no further In an effort to find the best match for our clients,and to make sure this Marketing Assistant/ Marketing Trainee opening is right for you, we may invite you to spend a voluntary day in the field observing an experienced sales assistant before reaching a final decision.  Please send your CV through the online application process, we aim to contact potential candidates within **** business days to discuss the opening further and arrange meetings. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingAssistantMarketingTraineeImmediateStart_job****