Title: Creative Director
Webindex: 66904359
Company: Vectone Group Holdings Ltd.
Description: Creative Director London Salary ********kp.a Vectone Mobile is an International Telecommunications company based in Canary Wharf, London, with MVNO operations across UK and Europe. As Creative director you will lead our Brand and Marketing communication strategy for our portfolio of telecom brands across all our markets and across all media channels (Digital, Outdoors, Print, POS, TV, Radio etc.) You will work hand in hand with the marketing team to produce some of the best multichannel, industry leading, brand aligned campaigns. Collaborate with Technical and Product Management to create a highquality experience from initial concept through to completion. You will Gain a solid commercial understanding of the industry and the business challenges we face for creating compelling communication that resonates with the consumer, differentiates us from the competition and generate real sales. Proven ability to manage visual elements and branding across various mediums and multiple campaigns is an absolute must for this role. Your work should show your ability to transform brands and exceptional understanding of the requirements of different media, different audiences and different brands, and the ability to integrate work in several media. The key remit of the role is the continuous creative development and management of our portfolio of brands. A strong understanding of commercial applications of design and a high level of creativity is required. You will be senior member of the marketing department providing leadership within the team and also, more broadly, within the organization to drive the success of our brand. Strong communication skills are essential to gain alignment from key internal stakeholders. Ideally you will be from a strong agency/corporate background with 510 years of experience in creating and managing brand and visual identity of large consumer brands in a creative director role. Experience in telecoms highly desirable. Experience in Digital is a must. Key areas of responsibility Ensuring that our marketing and brand creative remains cutting edge and ahead of the competition in terms of design, idea, execution and relevance An information architect. You will work with the marketing and product department to help them articulate their messages to their customers, translating them into identity and creative that is breakthrough and compelling. You will work in tandem with the Art Director and the creative team to help them bring our Brand and sales communication to life. Ensuring that the quality of creative and production is upheld, maintaining consistently high standards for yourself and others on the team Delivering strategic communication solutions that help us attain their marketing and communications objectives Leading the unified process of strategy/concept/design and postproduction execution/processes Ownership over design and development of our portfolio of brands Supporting the marketing team in meeting all the artwork requirements and deadlines for various campaigns Creative flair, originality and a strong visual sense Maturity of thought and confidence to present and explain ideas to colleagues management To work on Websites, all POS materials, corporate identity, exhibition and display materials This role is predominantly Monday to Friday during office hours but, due to the project nature of key aspects of the role, there may be times when additional working hours are required to meet deadlines. To apply, please click the Apply now button.