Title: Marketing Executive ( with Indesign skills)
Webindex: 72248841
Company: Talent Hub Resourcing Solutions Limited
Description: Marketing Executive ****  **** West Sussex We are working in partnership with a global communications company based in West Sussex. This role will be an integral member of a small but busy marketing team. Working across a broad marketing mix you will be involved in the planning and execution of marketing campaigns, working as part of a fun and supportive team. We are also keen to talk to Marketing Executive s who would consider a **** month term contract with a view to move permenant. So in essense we are recruiting two roles. One permenant and the other contract to perm. Responsibilities  EVENTS Proactive planning, execution and measuring of events including management of the company internal events, external partner events and industry events.  MARCOMMS design and broadcast of marketing communications using emarketing platform  Design of created collateral and presentation materials  Creating front end web content, working with CMS to manage the website  Manage vendor funding working withing vendor programmes and managing the quarterly funding claims process for partner funding, collating the information required for claiming and ensuring successful claims are made.  Quarterly reporting of claim amounts to budget  Produce reports and ROI on marketing activities for vendors and internal use The ideal candidate:  You will have at least 2 years solid Marketing experience within a B2B commercial setting. Ideally from an IT or Telcos background  Must have experience in using Adobe Creative Suite photoshop, illustrator, InDesign at an intermediate/advanced level required  Prove experience of end to end project management with the ability to manage budgets and work to deadlines  Ability to report and demonstrate ROI on marketing activities  Strong customer focus and the ability to work with people at all levels  Must be have experience of using Web/html/email Dreamweaver or similar  Microsoft Office Outlook, Word, Excel (int/advanced) Powerpoint (int/advanced) Sharepoint The company offer a supportive and professional work environment, along with the opportunity to develop your career and work across the marketing mix.