Title: Account Director  Digital Healthcare Agency
Webindex: 68688000
Company: Fresh Connect Recruitment
Description: A successful Digital Healthcare Agency has a specific need for an expert, diligent and strategic digital healthcare Account Director to add to the strength of their talented and ambitious London based team. This agency has an outstanding client portfolio which needs a strong leader with digital market expertise. Working on a range of promotional focussed accounts, you will lead the development and delivery of fantastic campaigns. Key areas this role will focus on include:  Directing accounts  Liaising with clients and colleagues  Business development  Managing people/teams  Keeping in contact with other divisions while also juggling responsibilities This opening requires someone with solid experience in digital healthcare communications. You'll need to be a talented leader with superb interpersonal skills and team management ability but you will also need to be able to develop the business and win new accounts and clients. In addition, presentation skills and a great track record in similar highlevel roles are both vital to be eligible for this role. Key skills experience required:  A working knowledge of policies including codes of practice, legislation, ethics, media, digital communications.  High computer literacy  Extensive experience in a similar role at a digital Healthcare agency and a good performance record This is a digital role that requires someone who is an organised individual with a flair for team leadership. Superb communication and writing skills as well as a strong interest in and aptitude for integrated work is absolutely essential. Don't miss out on the opportunity to help lead a committed and talented team, apply today For this and similar vacancies, please contact Gary Hoult at Fresh Connect on **** **** **** or email garyfreshconnect.co.uk Account Director, Senior Account Director, Senior Account Manager, healthcare advertising, Digital Communications, Digital Healthcare Comms, London. Account Director, Senior Account Director, Senior Account Manager, Digital PR, Digital Communications, Digital Healthcare Comms, healthcare advertising, Public Relations, London. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountDirectorDigitalHealthcareAgency_job****