Title: Account Manager Integrated and Below the Line  Drinks, Pubs / Bars and Booze brands ****k
Webindex: 72684411
Company: MODA consult
Description: Account Manager, Integrated Below The Line  Drinks, Pubs, Bars and Booze Brands, ****k We're looking for a solid Account Manager who has good integrated and below the line experience. We will consider candidates from Agency and Client side for this role. The agency is based in Central London and they're growing They work with top drinks, pubs and bar brands and they deliver integrated and below the line work. Their client list is very impressive and if you're an Account Manager who has a passion for this sector, you get on and off trade, and you have strong below the line / integrated experience then we want to hear from you today. Based in London, you'll be working on a wide range of clients and the Account Manager will report directly into an Account Director. The team is growing and it currently consists of a Group Account Director, 2 Account Directors, a Senior Account Manager and Account Executives.They're looking for an Account Manager who can come in and work within the team and really add value. The successful Account Manager must have a good track record in integrated or below the line marketing. We're looking for an Account Manager who is switched on, ambitious, hardworking and on it. You will be an Account Manager who has a passion for the drinks industry and you'll be very sociable. Your attention to detail must be fantastic, we're looking for an Account Manager who is a doer and you'll enjoy the strategic and creative side of the business. You'll be comfortable working wth a wide range of clients, and we're looking for an Account Manager who can manage a range of projects at any one given time. The agency is offering a salary of ****k  ****k and we'll consider a Senior Account Executive who is looking to step up to Account Manager level. You'll have approximately 2 years experience working in marketing or agency side. The Account Manager must be passionate about drinks brands, and you'll be someone who wants to progress. We're looking for a bright, switched on and hardworking Account Manager who has a great attitude. If this sounds like you, and you're an Account Manager who is looking for a new challenge then we want to hear from you today. Please send your CV to rickmodaconsult.co.uk or Press Apply now. We're looking forward to hearing from any Account Managers out there. If this role isn't right for you then don't worry, we're currently looking for freelance and permanent Account Managers, Senior Account Managers, Account Directors, Senior Account Directors and Business Directors. Get in touch for more details and a full list of all our roles currently available.