Title: Junior Account Director, FMCG, Experiential, Digital, London, ****k
Webindex: 71888772
Company: Dynamic New Alliances
Description: The Agency: A leading Experiential agency, based in the heart of Central London in a fantastic location and great office is on the hunt for a Junior Account Director. This agency is around **** people strong, split across Client Services, Strategy, Creative and Staffing. They work on some absolutely amazing accounts on some very desirable brands, covering booze, FMCG, Retail and many more. All of their clients have a strong brand image and are instantly recognisable. The talent held within the walls of this agency is also second to none. They are an amalgamation of people from some of the UK s leading integrated and experiential agencies. The agency have steadily become more and more integrated recently, successfully activating ATL, Digital and Retail/Shopper briefs for retained clients and are set to carry on this trend, as well as eying up strong growth. As such, there is no better time to join this highly successful agency. The Role: This is a fantastic opportunity for a Senior Account Manager/Junior Account Director to work on several key agency accounts, specifically a new product launch into the UK, a new drinks brand with a huge financial backing. The work will cover Experiential, to activate the campaign and will be accompanies by a large Social Media campaign, as well as some ATL OOH mainly. The other accounts, which will be worked on a project to project basis, are two very well known booze brands, predominantly across Experiential. This Junior Account Director role will report directly into the Managing Director, who also acts as a Group Account Director/CSD, highlighting the very real potential to progress into this growing and very successful agency. This role will also come with strong management opportunities, with **** people from Account Executives and Account Managers reporting in to you, the Junior Account Director or Senior Account Manager looking to progress. This role is strategic and client facing. It will act as the main contact for senior clients. You will also act as someone for the junior members of the team to look up to and learn from. The Candidate: The ideal Senior Account Manager/Junior Account Director will be ambitious, highly motivated and hungry to succeed. This is a smallish agency, so you must be prepared to work at levels above and below your level essentially you will not be a small cog in a big wheel, working is a diluted role in a large agency, where the scope of experience is narrow. This is an opportunity where you will learn and contribute to agency process, not be dictated by it. They are a really great bunch of people, very social, forward thinking and they have a great agency culture. With regards to experience, Social Media is essential, as well as a good grounding in experiential marketing. ATL experience would be advantageous but is not essential. If you are interested in this Junior Account Manager role then do not hesitate to apply as we expect a high number of applications.