Title: Apply Today  Start Tomorrow
Webindex: 68849372
Company: .
Description: Opportunities now available in marketing, sales and customer service with potential for growth and development. We represent clients in service based industries; helping them deliver their messages to their target markets as effectively as possible. By the summer we intend to diversify our portfolio and will need ambitious, self motivated individuals to assist with our new and existing campaigns. Put your knowledge to practical use, while developing your strengths and gaining transferable business skills. Account representatives can expect to develop their business communication, public speaking and time management. We provide both educational workshops and onetoone mentoring sessions to ensure we are representing our clients properly and are able to advance through our business development program. Your activities will initially include:  Learning detailed information about our clients' services, pricing, and terms and conditions  Performing in house presentations for our clients' potential customers  Completing and processing new customer registrations Development opportunities will include:  Transferring your knowledge to peers through educational workshops  Assisting with the evaluation process of new, potential applicants  Performing test campaigns for new clients and new markets  Managing territories for current and upcoming campaigns For consideration: Please send us a copy of your CV, your availability, and a daytime contact number. We cover all areas of direct marketing, as a company we work with all aspects of the marketing field. Shortlisted applicants will be invited down for a **** minute preliminary meeting to find out everything you need to know about the opening. This is a highly competitive industry, which pays performance. Experience in the following fields is a plus but not essential  brand building, advertising, construction, team, PR, retail, marketing, sales, promotional work, merchandising, face to face sales, call centre work, customer service, management and team leading, bar and reception work, face to face marketing, telemarketing, brand marketing.