Title: German Partnerships Executive
Webindex: 71852604
Company: Michael Page Marketing
Description:  Responsible for the day to day account management of a number of sports partnerships and affiliates  Develop and build strong, beneficial relationships with partners, whilst always striving to exceed expectations.  Schedule in contractual rights with partners and ensure these are executed on time.  Work closely with the Marketing and Partnerships Operations Teams to coordinate and deliver commercial rights  Identify opportunities to generate incremental revenue from existing partnerships.  Work closely with Business Development to ensure first class execution of new partnerships.  Provide regular reports and feedback to partners.  Undertake any other duties as required to support other partnerships and the rest of the t  Fluent in German and English. An additional European language would be advantageous but not essential.  Educated to degree level with a proven record of managing and building relationships  Commercially aware and highly social / personable  Keen interest in Sport and an in depth understanding of German football.  Extremely organised and able to work independently with excellent attention to detail  Ability to multitask in a high pressure environment while meeting tight deadlines  Excellent written and verbal communication skills  Entrepreneurial spirit and the desire to work in a fun, fast paced team Our client is a leading digital tech start up based in Central London who seek a partnerships executive to work with the German based clients. **** to **** Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GermanPartnershipsExecutive_job****