Title: Marketing Assistant/Executive
Webindex: 68800422
Company: FORTIES PEOPLE
Description: Our client is a strategic marketing specialist, operating within the businesstobusiness environment. Due to growth and market share they are now seeking a Marketing Assistant/Executive to join their team in central London. Purpose of the job The role is responsible for the coordination and implementation of marketing and communication activity for our clients growing portfolio with the opportunity to contribute to work within an international setting. Main activities You will assist in the delivery of appropriate and effective businesstobusiness marketing activity. It is a wellrounded role with opportunities to take responsibility for your own work within the following areas: Marketing strategy, planning and practical delivery: within both policy driven and businesstobusiness environments, supporting the development of strategy, plans and delivering the plan for clients. Sponsorship: researching and identifying potential sponsors, to key account management of secured sponsors. Sales administration: supporting the sale process for clients and account management of clients on a daytoday basis. Research: is vital to supporting the development of appropriate marketing strategy and marketing planning. Events: from policy driven forum type activity and discursive influential lunches, to commercial conferences and exhibitions. development and implementation of detailed and costed communication and marketing plans managing all aspects of promotional campaigns, including online and mailings extensive telephone contact with companies and organisations in the UK and internationally. continuous development of working relationship with key stakeholders and clients, often at senior level, through effective communication skills. contributing to exceptional key account management of clients, sponsors and partners maintaining and updating database contacts on a continuous basis. effective research of often complex topics in order to contribute to client projects, sponsorship proposals as well as business proposals and presentations. This might include: SWOT analysis, general market research, stakeholder mapping and research, competitor analysis or market trends. managing the complete sales process for revenue generating events. This includes processing delegate bookings and payments for client projects, which requires accurate maintenance of the delegate booking system and ensuring delegates are communicated with appropriately. administrative duties and customer relationship building at client events to ensure effective delivery and representation for our clients effective networking at industry events to build relationships and contacts in order to develop new business Skills and experience This role requires an enthusiastic marketing graduate with a minimum of two years` relevant experience. It requires an extensive range of skills and the willingness to continue to develop those skills to a high level, particularly: experience within a business to business environment effective research skills the ability to communicate informatively and persuasively with contacts at all levels, including CEO`s and Managing Directors foreign language skills desirable developing appropriate promotional materials through all aspects of production approaches to effective website development and online campaigns rigorous planning, organisational and administrative skills