Title: Category Product Leader
Webindex: 68708027
Company: Michael Page Marketing
Description: Working as part of a dynamic marketing function, the Category Product Leader will take ownership for a lead the product management function. At the heart of this role is a focus on ensuring that the company is a solution provider for the construction industry, whilst at the same time remaining a specialist in each of the product groups that are offered to the market. You will work with the marketing team to develop and execute product marketing plans that will ultimately deliver a win both in terms of growth targets and for customers through growing their business. To achieve this you will lead the global drive in ensuring product positioning, appropriate pricing and effective brand positioning. Responsibilities will include:  Responsibility for the new product development To apply for this position it is essential that candidates can demonstrate a proven track record in product management or B2B marketing. You will also be:  A well presented, confident individual  Have the ability to communicate with a highly technical management team  Focused with a``can do ``attitude, present new ideas and ways of thinking  Organised, focused good at prioritisation. This should be backed up by experience of working in a busy fast paced and changing environment.  Clear thinking the ability to be analytical and think strategically even when under time pressure  Creative thinker who has innovative ideas and can work with others to develop those ideas  Proven Our client is a market leading, international manufacturing organisation who product a range of specialist products and solutions for the construction industry. This Category Product Leader role is to be based at their south Manchester offices. c. ****  **** Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CategoryProductLeader_job****