Title: Account Director  business & technology in a genuinely integrated consultancy
Webindex: 72538392
Company: Fabric
Description: This impressive global PR consultancy has built its business on developing creative, results orientated campaigns for both marketleading blue chips and fastgrowing startup brands. It is an agency where creativity is fundamental to everything it does. It is now looking for a first class technology PR Account Director, who also excels in the planning and development of communications strategy at both a local and international level. Your role will focus on getting under the skin of the agency's biggest account. The client is set for a hugely exciting year where which will include the launch of a new version of almost every product it has, as well as selling an incredible lineup of product innovations that will delight and win customers. As such, this is a role for a tech evangelist with a passion for technology brands. Someone with high profile integrated campaign experience  so macro level thinking beyond PR alone (advertising, marketing, social, digital etc). It also requires strong senior level leadership and an enthusiasm for mentoring a team. Required attributes include:  a strong understanding of the commercial technical space cloud (off and on premise and hybrid), hardware, services, software  the ability to understand the IT and technical audiences as well as developers  strong media knowledge and contacts in national, technical, vertical, broadcast and social media  good story telling and sellingin ability both in product, feature, opinion and campaign pieces  outstanding client service skills with an innate ability to read the clients brief and respond appropriately, to deadline  manage, mentor and coach team members to deliver their best standard of work and constantly progress in their role on the team and the broader business. This role is a key hire for the team and will see you take a lead role in developing existing accounts further as well as working with senior management to generate more income. As such, you will be expected to have passion and experience of working on new business proposals, being part of a winning pitch team and a growing key accounts both locally and across markets.