Title: Affiliate Marketing Manager
Webindex: 66907490
Company: Win Technologies  Ltd
Description: Win Technologies currently has an exciting opportunity for an energetic and target driven Affiliate Marketing Manager. If you are a selfmotivated, energetic and targetdriven individual with a passion for the online world, then this could be the opportunity for you. Who we are: Win Technologies provide competitive marketing solutions for our clients online brands. The company now employs over **** people from a wide range of nationalities with multiple language capability to reach out to a global market. Role overview: This position is within our multilingual Affiliate Marketing team and requires a target driven individual with experience within Account management, Digital marketing or Affiliate Marketing. The ideal candidate will be a selfmotivated individual who will mainly be responsible for:  Developing and proactively managing a portfolio of client affiliate marketing programs ensuring you have indepth understanding of the financial value of your portfolio.  Identifying new client opportunities  Establishing and maintaining strong client relationships through regular contact which will include face to face meetings, telephone and email communication.  Proactively managing your online marketing budget  Developing and maintaining market leading industry knowledge of affiliate marketing to assist with delivering a top level service. Are you our ideal candidate? For this position we are seeking a self starter with a proven work ethic and the following:  Solid experience in managing an affiliate program  Fluent English  both written and spoken  Previous online media buying experience  Experience with CPA, CPC and CPM and Revenue share payment models  Account management experience  This position will require some travel We are also looking for the following behavioural competencies:  Strong negotiation and analytical skills  Confident written and verbal interpersonal skills  Strong decision making ability  Excellent sales ability  Innovation and ability to think outside the box  Strong work ethic Due to the volume of application we receive, only short listed candidates will be contacted. Strictly no agencies