Title: PRODUCT DESIGN/DEVELOPER & PROJECT MANAGER
Webindex: 69598132
Company: Office Angels
Description: This position is for a PRODUCT DESIGN/DEVELOPER PROJECT MANAGER for a company based in Uckfield. ****  **** They require someone with a creative eye, the ability to understand consumer products, appreciating the product from a retail perspective and the ability to manage client projects, costings and supplier relationships. This is a growing business, that designs and develops bespoke consumer items to sell into existing and new accounts UK wide. The company is growing in size and will soon be taking on new premises to cope with demand. The staff turnover is extremely low, existing staff have been here for a number of years and the working environment is a fun and rewarding one. To support the growth of this business, reporting to the Commercial Manager and Managing Director, the successful candidate will be able to demonstrate product design skills, excellent personal skills and have the ability to communicate well, both verbally and in writing. Working with a specialist commercial team, the successful candidate will manage products from Concept to Delivery, including input with design, sourcing and presentations. They will also need to have good project management skills, to deliver concepts sample products for presentations and delivery of selected products in a timely manner. This position would suit a candidate with good IT skills, including Mac/CAD, but this is not essential as training could be provided. The key attributes for this position are a flexible and professional attitude, a strong work ethic, a desire to learn and the ability to become part of an established successful team, with a strong team ethic. You will also need to have experience of product design, preferably within retail, manufacturing or the food industry. Salary is competitive and you will have the opportunity to contribute your ideas and skills to this role, being involved in all aspects and developing your career within a successful and established business. The company are dealing exclusively with Office Angels and we would welcome applications from candidates within the Uckfield and surrounding areas (Crowborough, Tunbridge Wells, Heathfield, East Grinstead, Lewes, Brighton, Hayward Heath) with relevant skills and/or experience. If you do not live locally to Uckfield you will need your own transport. They do require someone who is passionate about creating a product and understanding the design and project management process. Unfortunately someone from an engineering or automotive background would not suit the role. Salary is dependant on experience so when applying please state what your salary expectations are. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PRODUCTDESIGNDEVELOPERPROJECTMANAGER_job****