Title: Consumer Marketing Manager
Webindex: 67947547
Company: Michael Page Marketing
Description: You ll perform the key function of planning, managing and executing all marketing campaigns from the creation of all consumer marketing briefs, to delivery of materials for all initiatives. Examples of this could include product launches, new editorial commissions and brand work. Additionally, you ll have the exciting role of managing all onair architecture, providing you with a real chance to have creative input into the look and feel of the channel. Importantly, you ll be responsible for liaising with key editorial stakeholders to ensure that all marketing campaigns successfully communication the editorial ambition while engaging and inspiring audiences. You ll also be the key liaison with local marketing teams, ensuring all campaigns are delivered consistently across all markets and te You ll bringa proven track recordin managing complex marketing campaigns in international markets, preferably within the television industry and be very familiar with the process of creating and delivering TV trails. Supplementing this will be your substantialknowledge in the creation of marketing plans and campaign briefs that address commercial objectives. Your expertiseinmanaging the delivery of brand campaigns will be equally important as will a record of managing creative and media agencies/teams across different disciplines and markets. Additionally, you ll be used to delivering campaigns across multiple channels, which will include knowledge of digital marketing platforms such as search and online media. This is a newly created business that brings together the commercial parts of the wider business. The creation ofthis new mediumenables the client to focus on driving the commercial effectiveness and efficiency of these two news platforms, while delivering first class international news services to a global audience. Within my client, the marketing team offer support to both the editorial and commercial functions. That means creating marketing strategies to drive and maintain audiences and working with the distribution sales team to maximise distribution revenue. We also work closely with Audience Insight to ensure the audience is at the centre of all campaigns and with Communication to maximise the reach of all activities. As Consumer Marketing Manager based in London, you will lead all c ****  **** per annum  bonus potential of 10% Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy.