Title: SEO Content Executive – Leading Travel Provider
Webindex: 68096239
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: SEO Content Executive  Leading Travel Provider Gatwick, West Sussex **** DOE Plus Bonus Offering an unbeatable service to enable you to put together your perfect holiday at the lowest market price, our client is a team of travel experts. Using unique technology, they offer not only the lowest priced flights and cheap accommodation, but also an extensive range of other holiday options. An opportunity now has arisen for a SEO Content Executive to join their team. If you are a journalism or English graduate, this is a superb opening to pursue a career in with the travel sector with an unbeatable company operating at the forefront of the industry. As a SEO Content Executive, you'll be responsible for writing, editing and proofreading our client's original web content for a range of channels whilst uploading the content to a live site via a CMS. Reporting to the Head of Content, you will analyse and track SEO developments, as well as play a key role in driving the content team forward. With your creative flair, you will brainstorm ideas for content development and travel to industry events to source information and research information for the website. Your other duties will include:  Striving to become an expert in content development and conversion, personas and product  Developing and maintaining strong relationships with all key conversion and product influencers  Ensuring all content requests are executed to deadline and are optimised  Commissioning and editing copy To be considered, you must have:  A degree in Journalism or English  Excellent computer and internet skills  An understanding of writing for the web and a desire to learn more  A desire to gain experience within the travel sector Furthermore, as a SEO Content Executive, you must have exceptional communication and interpersonal skills. An analytical, 'think outside the box' approach, coupled with attention to detail, is also key. Whilst not essential, professional writing experience would be beneficial. To apply for the role of SEO Content Executive, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: SEO Content Executive, Content Specialist, Content Executive, SEO Executive, SEO Analyst, Search Engine Optimisation, SEO, Online Marketing, Content Writer, Listings Writer, Copywriter, Creative Writer, Languages, Digital Marketing Executive, Junior SEO Executive, Graduate SEO Executive. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SEOContentExecutiveLeadingTravelProvider_job****