Title: HR & Talent Officer  Media  London
Webindex: 68703375
Company: Chilli Fish HR Ltd
Description: Opportunities to work in HR at one of the world’s most prestigious advertising agencies don’t come along all that often But luckily for you, Chilli Fish HR is currently working with the HR team at one such agency in the search for a Talent Officer. Working as part of a team of 4 the role will be entirely generalist in remit with the Talent Officer having exposure to all aspects of a generalist HR role including; inductions, onboarding, learning and development, employee relations, performance management, annual compensation and reward processes, HR administration, as well as ad hoc projects working with external mediabodies. The role will be highly businessfacing with a focus on developing and maintaining effective working relationships with employees across the business. The role of Talent Officer will;  Be first point of contact for advice and guidance on employee relations and performance related issues including maternity and paternity, assisting the HR Manager with any disciplinary and grievance or performance management cases.  Providing advice and support with any queries relating to any company policy, HR processes or UK employment law.  Supporting the business client group in all aspects of learning and development; advising on suitable and available programmes, liaising with external training providers, coordinating annual learning and development calendar, communications on all learning and development initiatives out to the business, followups and responding to individual training and development requests.  Management of the induction process and any related new starter administration.  Support the wider team on any ad hoc projects which may include policy writing in line with legislative changes, HR process evaluation and improvement, or specific projects relating to any change occurring across the organisation.  Oversee the continued development of the Talent Assistant, providing day to day support and guidance.  Support the Talent Manager and Talent Director with change management / restructuring projects, as well as reporting and administration. This is a fastpaced and exciting business and will require candidates who can demonstrate the following skills and experience:  Excellent HR generalist with a professional approach to working with a client group.  Experience in, or a desire to gain more experience in Talent Development as part of a generalist role.  Experience of providing advice and guidance to managers on a range employee issues.  The ability to think on your feet and use initiative when looking for a solution to an issue or problem.  Strong attention to detail and experience of managing a busy and varied workload including balancing administrative tasks with operational HR support and delivery.  Great team player, always willing and flexible in taking on additional duties and gaining further exposure.  Experience of working in media or creative environment would be highly beneficial.  CIPD qualified or equivalent beneficial This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HRTalentOfficerMediaLondon_job****