Title: Senior Account Manager / Account Director  CONTRACT
Webindex: 68980654
Company: Royds Raphael
Description: Senior Account Manager / Account Director  CONTRACT Global branding and innovation agency. 6 month contract. Who for? A top strategically and creatively lead branding and innovation consultancy. Dynamic and motivated environment working with the most talented people in the business on global brands. Clients are from all over the world, all sectors, consumer and corporate. What we are looking for? We are looking for a Senior Account Manager who can work with ambitious global clients to challenge convention and achieve spectacular growth. Working collaboratively with strategists and designers to actively influence, orchestrate and contribute to worldclass work. You will need to be adept at developing insightful and strong relationships with clients by understanding their business s needs and to recognise when to influence potential opportunities to reinvent the clients business. You will be highly rigorous, collaborative, inventive, and comfortable in a fast paced working environment. For the role, you will  Be confident in taking responsibility and ownership of accounts and work on sometimes large, complex projects Work closely with the team to ensure the project delivered successfully on brief, time and budget Maintain day to day contact with client during (and post) project Manage the client/project process throughout Proactively manage resource requirements Facilitate ideas and project direction Maximise project profitability We need  5 years experience agency account management experience to include branding projects Good understanding of brand it s not just the logo Proven ability to develop strong and profitable relationships with clients, and internally at all levels Capability to manage people, workload and deadlines Experience of working across different types of branding and innovation projects in multiple sectors We are looking for an optimistic, engaging Senior Account Manager / Account Director with branding agency experience, to include international work. You should be a Senior Account Manager that can hit the ground running and who will enjoy working in a non hierarchical environment, brimming with enthusiasm, a fresh, forward thinking problem solver who is looking for the chance to work with some of the best talents in the business. This role offers the opportunity to work on game changing projects and rewarding challenges. Initially a 6 month contract with scope to be extended or possibly become a permanent position. Fantastic experience will be gained, and a great branding name to have on your CV. Please send your CV to gillroydsraphael.co.uk Royds Raphael specialising in placing permanent contract staff in the branding, design, creative, communications media industry Sorry, but due to the volume of response only successful candidates will be contacted.