Title: Affiliate Executive – Up to **** plus Benefits – Uxbridge
Webindex: 68685704
Company: Webfusion
Description: With over 3 million domain names registered and over 1.7 million websites hosted, ****reg is the largest domain provider in the UK and our website is one of the top 100 traffic sites in the UK (Source Alexa). We provide technically advanced yet costeffective online products such as web hosting and email to an exceptionally wide range of customers. Our philosophy is simple. We believe website creation should be for the many, not just the few. Accordingly, our products support all extremes of technical ability, enabling everyone whatever skill level to unlock the full power of the web. ****reg is part of the Host Europe Group, the largest privatelyowned hosting company in Europe, and a Sunday Times Deloitte Buyout Track 100 company. The Group includes many leading brands including Webfusion, Heart Internet and Host Europe, and has a strong International market presence not only in the UK but also in Germany, Austria, Switzerland and Spain. Role Overview – Main Duties The delivery of the organisation’s objectives through the management, planning and implementation of marketing initiatives via our affiliate channel by building and maintaining strong long term relationships across all product areas and brands. Responsible for the affiliate marketing channel for all our brand working across our affiliate networks and inhouse customer referral programs Initiate and drive effective incentive programs and promotions designed to boost affiliate loyalty, retention and productivity, while optimizing ROI Weekly and monthly performance reports and analysis Affiliate network administration, including sales validations and creative updates Research new channels and verticals to continuously grow the affiliate base Manage production of affiliate creatives (banners and html newsletters) with external creative agency Write copy for newsletters and the ****reg blog with assistance from inhouse copywriter Monitor and grow the performance of key affiliates Develop and maintain strong relationships with affiliate networks and affiliates Develop our position within the affiliate community through personal contact, forums and attending key affiliate events Skills Experience Previous experience in online marketing, working with developers/technical teams and Producing creative briefs Experience of using HTML Experience in copywriting Educated to degree level or appropriate marketing qualification (e.g. CIM) IT skills: Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint. Benefits To work in a growing, forward thinking company Competitive salary based upon skills and experience 25 days holidays per year  statutory bank holidays Company Pension Life Assurance Private Health Care (BUPA) Free annual eye tests are more TO JOIN OUR DYNAMIC TEAM, PLEASE APPLY This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AffiliateExecutiveUpto****plusBenefitsUxbridge_job****