Title: Web Manager / Digital Marketing Manager
Webindex: 66904909
Company: EasyWebRecruitment.com
Description: Web Manager / Digital Marketing Manager Our client oversees the management of over **** public leisure centres including swimming pools and gyms within London and South East England. They are committed to the provision of leisure and fitness facilities at affordable prices. Position: Web and Digital Manager Location: London, SE18 Salary: ******** ROLE: Reporting to the Head of Marketing and Communications, the Web Manager / Digital Marketing Manager will act as the focal point of contact for their suite of websites (including policing content, staff training, agency management and site development, content development, analytics, promotional offers, test, learn, refine programmes), in order to continually maintain, improve and develop the sites. The Web Manager / Digital Marketing Manager will implement, manage, and maximise PPC / SEO / ecommerce agendas. Assist / lead B****C social media feeds. Comanage the content calendar. Assist with the CRM programme and consult on any marketing work streams, offering additional digital expertise across the business. Managing projects effectively, within timescale and budget. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Ensure customers and prospects are well informed of all services, products and activities via various online communication tools. Ensure all web delegates receive sufficient CMS training, updating the CMS guide as required. b) Deliver all digital elements within the marketing and communications strategy, ensuring acquisition, retention and crossselling plans are adhered to. c) Liaise with all stakeholders responsible for updating the site (taking the lead on policing content), ensuring good working relationships and protocols are set up. d) Excellent knowledge and experience of managing web development projects (and agencies), content management system, PPC / SEO, social media, CRM. e) Liaise with web delegates responsible for updating localised web content. f) Assist the planning and lead the delivery / evaluation of their digital strategy. g) Ensure accurate deployment / policing / generation of web content including that via the network of web delegates. h) Act as the focal point of contact on all website development, training, PPC, SEO and ecommerce related projects, ensuring the customer s needs remain at the heart of the process. i) Manage the communications process for all stakeholders during development projects / system outages. j) Assist lead B****C social media feeds and the escalation process. Assist the delivery of the CRM programme. k) Consult on any digital marketing related projects to other key stakeholders across the business. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Proven digital marketing experience ideally in an agency, or marketing department b) Marketing related degree or equivalent / professional qualification such as CIM Post Graduate level. c) Experience of a wide range of digital marketing projects in a commercial environment, delivering projects on time and on budget d) Experience of managing / developing large commercial website(s). Experience managing PPC, SEO, ecommerce, emarketing and affiliate marketing programmes, driving incremental ROI. e) Excellent proof reading skills / attention to detail f) Ability to travel across London g) Ability to research, prepare, justify and present proposals. Ability to present up to and including Senior Management level. h) Demonstrably developed social media presence across multiple outposts (personal, or brand). i) B****C social media experience. You may have experience of the following: Online Marketing Manager, Web Editor, Digital Marketing, Affiliate Marketing, Website Manager, Social Media, eCommerce, Marketing Communications, Content Manager, etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.