Title: International eCommerce Marketing Manager  Retail
Webindex: 71680573
Company: Major Players
Description: My client is a well established retail and eCommerce brand with an increasing global presence. They seek an experienced International eCommerce Marketer to join their business and to assist in further developing their international digital marketing plan. Reporting in to the Senior eCommerce Marketing Manager and managing a small team, you will have experience across the localisation of websites, will have developed and executed an international digital marketing strategy to improve sales and acquire new customers and will have managed and optimised online and multichannel media, including PPC, SEO and Affiliate Marketing. You will be responsible for the acquisition programme across all media relating to growth of international markets. The successful candidate will have gained solid experience working in online marketing position within a retail/ eCommerce environment and will have the ability to produce detailed reporting and strategy documents to explain traffic generation and to present a sales plan. You will have strong budgetary management and forecasting skills and will be responsible for monitoring the international market place, competitors and will have a genuine passion for retail trends. You will be able to identify and drive opportunities to grow the eCommerce channel and will be a highly commercial and sales focused marketer. The ideal candidate will speak French or German, or both, as well as English and will be interested in an international role in which you can progress. You must have used web analytics to drive business strategy and will be able to analyse marketing campaigns and present back to Senior Stakeholders. This is a highly interesting role and requires a highly motivated and assertive marketer. Please APPLY now if you are suitable. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InternationaleCommerceMarketingManagerRetail_job****