Title: ACCOUNT MANAGER, B****C, FMCG, Retail, London, ****k
Webindex: 71888760
Company: Dynamic New Alliances
Description: The Role: A top 10 BTL Integrated agency is looking for an Account Manager, with Sales Promotion and Shopper Marketing experience. This agency is hugely progressive; they are experts in their field and growing their offering as an agency all the time. They are a medium sized agency and are housed in a fantastic office in Central London. They are looking for an Account Manager to work across several key agency accounts. These are focussed in the FMCG and Retail sectors, with the work covers BTL and Digital mainly Sales Promotion, OnPack, POS, Experiential, Customer Journey, Microsites and Social. The work is also highly creative and they have a number of prestigious industry accolades under their belt. This role will have you working into a Senior Account Manager, with the wider team consisting of an Account Executive, another Account Manager, Account Director and Group Account Director. All of the accounts are established within the agency and the relationships built. As such, the key deliverables of this role will include: Cementing the client/agency relationships Contributing to the strategic development of campaigns. Ensuring the smooth running of campaigns from conception, to briefing all the way through to delivery. The Person: This agency has a fantastic culture. They are forward thinking and are a talented bunch of people, which has resulted in some great awards being won. The right Account Manager must also be forward thinking, outgoing and social. You must have a real passion for the industry and especially BTL, Shopper Marketing. Some understanding of Digital would also be advantageous, as well as FMCG or Retail client experience. This is not a huge agency but also not a tiny agency. You must be prepared to be hands on, not afraid to speak to clients and throw out ideas and take the lead on projects. This agency is also pitching for a number of new accounts, so previous pitch would be great but not essential. This is also a fantastic opportunity to gain some experience in pitching. This is a truly great opportunity to work in a leading UK agency and on some fantastic clients. If you feel that you have the relevant skills and experience required to do this job then don t hesitate to get in touch, as we expect a high number of application.