Title: Project Manager  Oxford
Webindex: 68678903
Company: Language Recruitment Services.
Description: Project Manager /Project Coordinator 25 – ****K  25 days’ holiday  Excellent Benefits Oxford KP**** LRS (Language Recruitment Services) are recruiting for a talented and experienced Project Manager/Project Coordinator for the Product Development Team of our international client based in Oxford.It is essential that candidates have strong project coordination skills and experience of coordinating multiple projects concurrently. The Project Manager/Project Coordinator will coordinate several ongoing projects simultaneously across the company. Projects assigned may require work with virtual teams, including US and European colleagues and clients.Translation project management experience would be ideal and experience of working within a marketing team very useful. Project Management training/qualifications would be advantageous. Project Managers will typically work on **** projects at any one time, a number of projects will be translation projects, and there will be a mix of longterm and shortterm projects. Project Managers should be wellorganised, calm, with excellent attention to detail and the ability to assert themselves when necessary and still maintain good relationships with stakeholders. Strong team players looking for a busy and varied workload. Project Manager/Project Coordinator – Profile:  Ability to manage multiple projects and tasks  Risk analysis  Good understanding of project budgets  Strong IT skills (inc. Outlook, Excel, Word)  Strong organisation and planning skills, and effective time Management Influencing and negotiation skills  Excellent attention to detail  Ability to cope effectively with changing deadlines and priorities Please send CVs inWord format only. APPLICATIONS CAN ONLY BE ACCEPTED FROM INDIVIDUALS WHO ARE ELIGIBLE TO WORK IN THE UNITED KINGDOM Should your skills and qualifications be suitable for the position applied for (or similar positions), we will contact you as soon as possible.If you do not hear from us within 5 working days, please assume that your application has not been successful on this occasion.In the event there are no positions that match your skills and qualifications currently available, we may hold your details on our database and contact you in the future should a suitable vacancy arise. Language Recruitment Services is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. LRSis an equal opportunities employer Keywords: Translation Project Manager, project coordinator, marketing, product development, oxford; Translation Project Manager, project coordinator, marketing, product development, oxford; Translation Project Manager, project coordinator, marketing, product development, oxford; Translation Project Manager, project coordinator, marketing, product development, oxford; This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProjectManagerOxford_job****