Title: Performance Account Director
Webindex: 71206970
Company: Oxygen Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced Performance media specialist to join a fantastic mid sized agency in a department which offers considerable agency integration across some fantastic accounts. You will take a lead on a portfolio of great accounts where you will drive strategy and planning across all main media channels. You will also oversee the implementation of your campaigns working closely with your peers on the buying side of the business and managing their work streams. Your core accounts will require an end to end service and you will therefore demonstrate exceptional client management skills from your previous roles. In addition to your core clients, you will also provide consultancy support to a wider portfolio of accounts which require senior input and knowledge. As a senior member of the team you will also take a lead role on developing and driving external knowledge of the department both externally at relevant trade events and with clients and internally where you will be exposed to senior personal at a great network agency. The agency has a fantastic reputation for creativity and staff empowerment and you will be working in a hugely sought after agency where satisfaction amongst staff is incredibly high. To be considered for this role you will have a strong grounding in performance planning and this will have seen you working across all main channels with a particular focus on offline media. You will have excellent man management skills and be motivated by playing a key role in the department which will see you fully exposed to staff training across the wider team while taking control of your own central team too. The wider part of the role will also see you pushing the development and knowledge of the team and this will see you as a face of the agency driving communications with external partners and stakeholders. As expected, you will have fantastic client management and development skills and you will have the ability and presence to play an active role in the department in a role which has the potential to be truly career defining.