Title: Profiler  Books (Graduate Opportunity)
Webindex: 71470454
Company: Webrecruit UK
Description: Profiler  Books (Graduate Opportunity) Oxford, Oxfordshire Up to **** Plus 25 Days' Holiday, Contributory Pension, Discount Card (for use in their bookshops) Our client has been associated with bookselling and academic library supply since April **** Since then, they have grown into a world renowned provider of books serving the academic, library and professional markets, making them the leading UK academic bookseller servicing both print and online content to their customers. An exciting opportunity has now arisen for a Profiler to join their team. This is the ideal role for a talented English, humanities, classical, scientific, languages, philosophy or psychology graduate with a passion for working with books and information and some commercial experience to join a leading company. Offering a unique opportunity to join a long standing, sociable and supportive team within a growing company, the successful candidate will benefit from progression prospects as the company expands. As a Profiler, you will be responsible for describing both the readership level and appropriateness of new academic publications in both print and electronic formats. This will support the 'approval' and 'new book announcement' services for academic libraries and other customers. You will review and verify the suitability of a publication for academic library collections and describe the book in terms of subject and nonsubject parameters. You will also accurately allocate books and notification slips through the description process for libraries and customers. Your responsibilities will also include performing original and copy cataloguing and describing titles under the bookinhand process for continuation customers. Additionally, you will select significant and core titles on a quarterly basis for the benefit of academic libraries or customers and regularly present overviews of the profiling process to publisher representatives and library customers. To be considered for this role, you must have at least six months' experience within an office environment, a library, a publisher or bookseller. It is also essential to have a degree in an academic subject from one of the following subject areas:  English  Humanities (History, Geography)  Classics  The Sciences or Medicine  Languages  Philosophy  Psychology Additionally, as a Profiler, you must have good general knowledge with strong and consistent evaluation, analytical and decision making skills. You must also be adept at communicating articulately and succinctly. To apply for the role of Profiler (Books, Graduate Opportunity), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Profiler, Books, Graduate Opportunity, Junior Profiler, Graduate Profiler, Publishing Assistant, Graduate Publishing Assistant, Junior Publishing Assistant, English Graduate, Humanities Graduate, Classical Graduate, Scientific Graduate, Languages Graduate, Philosophy Graduate, Psychology Graduate.