Title: Category Manager  Grocery
Webindex: 66904374
Company: Tarsh Lazare Marketing Recruitment
Description: Category Manager / Up to ****  car / South East / TL**** This significant and progressive food manufacturer based within easy reach of the M4/M40 now seeks two talented Category Managers to become the experts in tailoring category strategy to Top 4 grocery retailers. Your role as Category Manager is to champion the shopper from a specific customer perspective, ensuring external alignment of customer range and category reviews with the plans of the business. It will be your responsibility to develop the category relationship with the Buyer and positioning the company as the category expert for each customer. You will lead range and category reviews, work closely with the Merchandising team, tailor plans to the customer (NPD selling stories, fixture visions, brand plans etc), and be the one presenting these plans to gain engagement. As Category Manager you will lead seasonal event reviews and execute events instore. NPD and distribution target setting/tracking will also be your responsibility. This opportunity can offer you a full on, challenging and highly rewarding position within a billion business where your category skills will be highly rated and finely tuned. Our Ideal Candidate You will join with previous FMCG retailer or manufacturer category management experience although this could be within a branded or own label environment. You will be highly focussed on commercial success factors and be very driven by the achievement of sales and share targets for both the business and that of your customers. You will have strong skills in data manipulation, specifically retailer data such as Dunnhumby, LMG and Retail Link, as well as Nielsen and IRI, and you will be able to provide evidence of using data to create relevant insights. Relationship building is an absolute must given you will be the first point of contact for the customer as the category expert. Clear, concise communication is key as is an open, collaborative, yet focussed working style. Company Profile Employing over **** employees in the UK, our client has a number of sites in the UK dedicated to manufacturing high quality products that consumers know and love. The brand portfolio spans many different food categories. Our client is a progressive employer able to offer an excellent range of career opportunities and career paths, and actively reward hard work and talent with career progression. If you are interested in applying for this position, please send your CV to Janine Darley  Tarsh Lazare Marketing Recruitment. Email: Janinetashlazare.co.uk . Tarsh Lazare is committed to finding the right roles for talented candidates. We are a leading name in marketing recruitment and have significant marketing recruitment experience working with brand management, communications, category management and insight / research specialists. If you would like to discuss this role, or any other roles that might be suitable, please email or call one of the team now on **** **** ****