Title: Graduate Web Analyst (Web / Google Analytics) to ****k
Webindex: 69209552
Company: EasyWebRecruitment.com
Description: Graduate Web Analyst (Web / Google Analytics) to ****k Our client is Europe's largest online marketing and reservations service for the restaurant industry. They help restaurants fill their tables by delivering customers through a free online booking service and network of high profile partner websites. Their website has quickly become Europe's largest restaurant booking site. A technology startup, passionate about solving consumer problems and they are now looking for a talented graduate to join their product team to help them continue their meteoric growth. Position: Graduate Web Analyst Location: Waterloo, London, SE1 Salary: up to ****K ROLE: Our client is looking for a talented and very ambitious Graduate Web Analyst with exceptional problem solving, mathematical and technical ability to join their team. This amazing opportunity has huge career progression potential for the successful candidate. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) The primary responsibility is to monitor and analyse the performance of their Products, from an acquisition, user experience and conversion point of view and provide actionable insights and recommendations to the relevant stakeholders. b) Maintaining and improving the analytical toolkits. c) Defining and monitoring and reporting the KPIs. d) Managing and executing ongoing site optimisation testing and tuning. e) Perform ROI analysis to support product strategy and prioritisation. f) Market intelligence analysis and customer segmentation. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Minimum of ****:1 degree in mathematical or related discipline, with exceptional problem solving skills. b) A quick learner who can turn their hand to many tasks with fluent written/spoken English. c) Constantly strives for selfimprovement and learning. d) Efficiently diffuses problems as they arise. e) Helps and leads others in problem solving. f) Takes responsibility to ensure successful results meet or exceed expectations. g) Eye for detail. h) Not afraid to communicate their ideas. i) Demonstrates a strong work ethic and committed to seeing tasks through to completion. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Experience working with web analytics such as Google Analytics. b) Good knowledge of statistical methods and experience working with large data sets. c) Advanced experience working in Excel, especially with Pivot Tables. You may have experience of the following: Graduate Web Analyst, User Experience, Customer Journey, Web Developer, Analyst Programmer, Software Engineer, Customer Insight, Software Developer, eCommerce, Google Analytics, UX Analyst, ecommerce, Statistical Modelling, Web Tracking, Web Analytics, Statistician, Marketing Analyst, Online Marketing, etc This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK?s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.