Title: Account Manager  Medical Education
Webindex: 68671379
Company: Fresh Connect Recruitment
Description: A world leading PR agency is seeking an Account Manager to join their successful London based Medical Education team. As an Account Manager, you will work across an interesting range of Medical Education programmes for this agency's prestigious pharmaceutical clients. The new Account Manager will also support and lead a team, ensuring successful project completion. To apply, you must have significant experience working for a Medical Communications agency, as well as a real understanding of the pharmaceutical industry. You should also have a science degree coupled with exceptional communication and writing skills. The new Account Manager will work closely with their team to develop effective and high impact communications programmes, consistently aiming to meet client expectations. You will make it your job to really know clients' businesses so that innovative programmes that produce results can be developed. Key qualities this agency is seeking include:  A good degree in a biological science related discipline  Excellent and detailed knowledge of the healthcare sector and pharma market  Experience working in a client servicing and project management environment  Proficiency with Microsoft Office including Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint  Willingness to travel internationally This agency needs a 'handson' teamplayer with a real ability to build and maintain positive relationships with clients and KOLs. You must have Medical Communications agency experience, as well as excellent communication skills. This is an exciting opportunity which will really develop your career. If you want new challenges, new clients and new opportunities, apply now For this and similar vacancies, please contact Gary Hoult on **** **** **** or email garyfreshconnect.co.uk Account Manager, Junior Account Manager, Senior Account Executive, Senior Account Manager, Medical Education, Med Ed, Medical Communications, Medical Communications agency, Med Comms, Scientific Communications, Healthcare Communications, Pharmaceutical, London. Account Manager, Junior Account Manager, Senior Account Executive, Senior Account Manager, Medical Education, Med Ed, Medical Communications, Medical Communications agency, Med Comms, Scientific Communications, Healthcare Communications, Pharmaceutical, London. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountManagerMedicalEducation_job****