Title: Digital Advertising Sales Executive (Leading Online Media player)
Webindex: 69191387
Company: Choice Consultants
Description: Choice Consultants are Scotland's leading specialist advertising and media sales recruitment consultancy. Rarely available opportunity for an Advertising Sales Executive to work for a market leading Digital Media organisation The Client Our client is one of the UK's key media players, with a massive portfolio of instantly recognisable consumer media brands covering a range of national and regional media products. Their award winning online media portfolio is No1 in their sector and a household brand in Scotland. They provide customers from SMEs to PLCs with a range of innovative web based advertising solutions that market their client's media messages, providing marketing and information through a powerful media based solution. They are at the cutting edge of media innovation and due to the continued growth and expansion of their online media platforms they currently require a Digital Advertising Sales Executive. The Role Covering the North of Scotland (Perth, Tayside & Grampian) based out of an Aberdeen office you will be responsible for selling a full range of online recruitment advertising solutions to clients both over the phone and face to face. Products will include, job listings, display opportunities, email marketing campaigns, CV database, advertorial features and Contextual marketing. The role will involve identifying, pursuing and securing new business opportunities across a range of sectors. You will be responsible for telemarketing and cold calling to generate appointments, thereafter, selling face to face to key decision makers and presenting bespoke creative presentations to a range of customers. Your role will involve building and maintaining relationships with key decision makers ensuring that the relationship is nurtured and grown. Working to targets and deadlines will have the support and back up of strong case studies, metrics and marketing information, marketing support and sales leads. You will be responsible for maintaining an understanding of the recruitment market and competitor products. The Candidate To apply you will require a demonstrable track record of achievement in advertising sales from any media sector (i.e newspapers, outdoor, radio, tv, online, ect) or a background in recruitment consultancy. Naturally creative and full of ideas you will also be able to demonstrate the ability to win new business. You will be IT literate, targetorientated, ambitious, articulate, proactive and driven to continue this brands success. The Package In return you will be given the opportunity to work for the market leader in their sector in a fun team environment with a market leading brand name at an exciting time in their development. You will be given full training, support, career opportunities and back up associated with a Blue Chip organisation. Basic salary to ****K uncapped bonus (OTE ****K )  Car  benefits. APPLY NOW AND MAKE IT HAPPEN About Choice Consultants Choice Consultants are a specialist Media Sales Recruitment Consultancy established in 1999, we now hold preferred supplier status for the majority of media players in Scotland. As Scotland's leading Advertising and Media Sales Recruitment Consultancy we recruit for advertising and media sales personnel at all levels for a range of international, national and local media organisations. Our clients include top,  Radio stations  Magazine publishers  Online/Digital Media brands  New Media companies Internet Marketing & Web Design companies Experiential/Guerrilla Marketing companies  OutdoorAdvertising organisations  Directory publishers  Newspaper publishers  Exhibition and Events companies  Media brokers  Television broadcasters  Contract publishing houses Whether you are looking to break into a rewarding career in Media sales, looking for a move into Management, or simply a new challenge we offer opportunities throughout Scotland through our unique and unrivalled network of Advertising contacts. To apply for this role or find out more about other opportunities selling media space call Choice Consultants, email or visit our website.