Title: Creative Resource Manager  Digital
Webindex: 71340004
Company: Propel London Ltd
Description: Creative Resource Manager Digital Agency London  ********k The Company: This is a full service global digital agency based in London, leading the way with their truly innovative approach to ideas. They are now looking for a Creative Resource Manager to promote the smooth and successful functionality of the agency. Based in Central London, you will have the opportunity to truly make the role your own. The key functions within the business will be the management of resources, overseeing the smooth running of projects, scheduling, planning, as well as managing the daily operations of the agency. This agency has successfully increased in size over the last year and there is real progression to advance further. Key Responsibilities: Work with multi disciplined teams on a daily basis to ensure projects are on target for delivery deadlines and staffing needs Operate relevant training, contracts and other recruitment services Gather time reports from the project managers and report to directors Plan the use of human resources  Organise recruitment and placement of required staff. Establish organisational structures and help delegate tasks and accountabilities. Liaison between department and client handlers Oversee jobs making sure they are on track and on time To maintain and implement best working practice (file saving, time recording and job allocation) Help directors monitor and evaluate performance Help keep track of employees data in relations to: Holiday requests, Sick, Sending contracts to new prospects and contractors, and helping mitigate certain HR issues Experience required: Motivated, disciplined and a confident team player Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to deal with people at all levels Knowledge of resource management systems and processes Experience working within a digital agency environment An understanding of resource planning, managing and coordinating processes and projects Experience with the use of resource management tools is preferred Strong planning, analytical and organisational skills Understanding of Excel Experience with and usage of financial systems Flexible approach, and the ability to multitask This agency provides a great platform to bring new ideas forward. This agency offers a great environment where the atmosphere is creative and proactive. There is also a strong focus on having a good work and life balance. If this sounds of interest to you, please apply now for more information.