Title: Customer Marketing Student (Consumer Planning and Activiation)
Webindex: 68014495
Company: Diageo Northern Ireland
Description: Closing Date: **** th January Travel requirements: None Context/Scope Fantastic opportunity for a high calibre undergraduate to join Diageo, the world s leading premium drinks business. Our world class brand portfolio includes Guinness, Harp, Carlsberg, Smirnoff, Captain Morgan, Bushmills Bailey‘s. Ireland is one of Diageo s major markets and accounts for c. 7% of Diageo s global profits. Diageo Ireland is the largest Total Alcohol drinks company in Ireland by far. We will invest heavily in our brands to improve Brand Equity and increase operating economic profit. We aim to be market leader in every category that we compete. This role falls within the Customer Marketing Commercial Planning Activation in Belfast which looks after the execution of brand plans within the NI licensed trade. Organisation Reports to : Customer Marketing Commercial Planning Activation Manager NI Ontrade Key outcomes Implementation of brand plans  Liaise with promotional agencies to outline promotion requirements, book promotions and follow up on any issues arising from promotional plan  Manage reporting process for implementation of brand plans by NI Sales teams Event management  Liaise with internal/external stakeholders to ensure brilliant management of Diageo events (approx. **** per year) Budget/Finance management  Process payments and request purchase orders to be raised  Assist Customer Marketing colleagues on the weekly management of budgets Manage People for Success  Build great business partnerships with Commercial, Customer and consumer marketing, Finance and Quality Colleagues. Key Functional Capabilities Brilliant execution Operates with rigorous attention to detail and a clear set of priorities Organisational capability Can prioritise, capable of coordinating and organising multiple tasks Service approach Good influencing skills, able to speak with selfassurance and understands importance of influence in getting things done. Works with resilience and pace. Customer satisfaction Supports the NI commercial teams in order to deliver plan brilliantly. Flexible approach, willing to perform tasks outside own area of responsibility. Ability to work within clear set of KPIs to measure performance. Able to identify key areas for concern regarding customer satisfaction. Top Leadership Capabilities Consistently deliver great performance  Demonstrates drive to make a positive difference to business performance, demonstrates brilliant execution. Grow yourself  demonstrates ability and ambition to grow one’s capabilities and experience. Puts experience to date to good use and learns and adapts to good challenges. Find Solutions – Shows high level of commitment to Diageo purpose and is imaginative in finding solutions to issues and pursuing opportunities for the business Essential qualifications / knowledge / experience / languages required Currently 2nd year of an under graduate degree – applications are welcome from all disciplines however we would like to hear from applicants from the following backgrounds: Marketing/CAM Business Studies Highly competent in Microsoft Office suite with advanced level excel skills. Excellent Communication skills Ideally the successful candidate will have some level of work experience and can demonstrate experience of business practices. If you are interested in applying for this position please go to www.diageo.com and complete an online application form, please note that this is the only form of application we accept. Diageo are an Equal Opportunities Employer