Title: Marketing Executive (Customer Sales and Retention)
Webindex: 68688712
Company: Randstad
Description: A highly reputable financial company based within a head office function with an exciting growth strategy for the next 2 years is looking for a Talented Marketing Executive within Customer Sales and Retention. We?re looking for an enthusiastic individual to help drive sales and value from our existing customer base. If you?re creative, energetic and passionate about Marketing, this could be a perfect role for you. Reporting to the Sales and Retention Senior Executive you?ll support with all elements of existing customer campaigning. This is a varied and exciting role which will give you a thorough grounding in Marketing and offers excellent prospects for development and progression Main duties include: Planning and Campaign Management: Manage coordinate the delivery of the existing customer (sales and retention) direct marketing activity to agreed budget and timescales. Record and monitor spend to ensure processes achieve maximum efficiencies and activity is inline with budgeted campaign costs. Use reports and other in ?depth analysis where necessary to support and contribute to recommending appropriate marketing strategies or improvements. Communications: Support the customer contact strategy, help to develop innovative, hard working communications through customer insight and testing. Ensure marketing material mailing packs support current field business plans and objectives. Work closely with internal teams; digital marketing, field marketing, data and legal teams to ensure communications meet regulatory requirements and translate consistently and effectively across all channels. Relationship Management: Be the key day to day contact for third party suppliers for creative and print to ensure effective working relationships and timely delivery of campaigns. Maintain contact with field colleagues to ensure campaign effectiveness and improvements through feedback. Administration: General account administration; sign off processes, invoicing and recording of spend Your experience will include:  Must have previous experience within a campaigning or marketing and communications role  Must possess excellent written and verbal communication skills  Ability to manage a several projects simultaneously  Excellent attention to detail  Sound project management skills  Good analytical acumen  Ability to work under own initiative, to tight deadlines and within budget constraints This role comes with additional extra benefits and an opportunity for a career in marketing If you are infested please email me on This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingExecutiveCustomerSalesandRetention_job****