Title: Campaign Insight Manager  6 month contract
Webindex: 71298180
Company: Sammons Group
Description: Campaign & Insight Manager  **** month contract A new and exciting opportunity has become available to join a leading player within the wider pensions and financial service market. The role of the Campaign & Insight Manager is both broad and incredibly challenging. Reporting into the director of communications and with support from creatives, copywriters and project managers the Campaign & Insight Manager will be responsible for developing and rolling out a new onboard email campaign. The role will be charged with the maintenance of the customer database, working closely with the design team to develop email material as well as consistent liaison with a team of experienced copywriters to create thought provoking convent. As part of this challenging 6 month assignment the Campaign & Insight Manager will be responsible for the smooth running of the email campaign and reporting on its status to the board of directors and senior stakeholders. The role will be responsible for further support with the sales and distribution teams and drawing pertinent information and insight from client/customer responses. Previous experience of technical campaign management, ideally from a pensions or wider FS background within a B2B marketing environment would be highly desirable as would experience of managing multiple campaign threads and/or complex email campaigns. Salary of **** (pro rata)  company benefits, and bonus  All qualified applicants with current entitlement to work in the UK (including for example HSMP visas) are welcome. We regret we are unable to seek work permits on behalf of candidates, which means that applicants requiring work permits unfortunately will not be considered. We endeavour to reply to all applications. However if you have not heard from us within 7 days you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group. The Sammons Group is an Employment Business and Employment Agency as defined by the EAA Regulations **** and we abide by the Code of Practice of our industry body (the Recruitment & Employment Confederation  REC). We are committed to supporting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the Equality Assured Recruiter Standard, as endorsed by REC