Title: Marketing Events Executive
Webindex: 68674341
Company: Douglas Scott   Professional Support
Description: Marketing Events Executive Liverpool City Centre A Marketing Events Executive is required to join one of Liverpool's most successful Law Firms. This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced Marketing Executive to make a move into a dynamic Marketing Team. It is essential to be successful in this role that you have at least 12 months experience within Events Management. Ideally this will be within a Law Firm or professional services environment. As the Marketing Events Executive you will report to the Director of Business Development Marketing. You will liaise with Partners and fee earners primarily in the Liverpool office to support the execution of the firm's BD strategy through the development and implementation of event related campaigns. The role extends to any event or initiative run to develop business opportunities and profile raising for the firm. This includes seminars, dinners, corporate hospitality, exhibitions, sponsored events, networking and client entertaining. General Duties Include: Generating and managing ideas for events and initiatives and turn them into a workable format with an agreed production schedule and within budget Managing all elements of an events mailshot (invites, mailing list, drafting invites, documentation, production of handouts and presentations, dealing with confirmations, etc) The production of statistics for individual and collective events/initiatives Setting up, meeting and greeting and break down of events Support at other office events and firm wide events as required Feedback and guidance on suitable events and initiatives Identifying networking opportunities/places to go and agreeing best placed attendees Management of the follow up process Management of the CPD records/elements for external delegates where appropriate Maintaining comprehensive records of events Maintaining and circulation of the Events schedule You should be an excellent communicator and have a positive, hands on approach to your work. This is a full time position working 9am  5pm, due to the nature of the role you may be required to work outside normal working hours. A driving license would be beneficial. The salary for the role will be dependent upon experience. Please contact Gemma Rush, Legal Recruitment Consultant, to discuss the role in more detail or apply through the vacancy for immediate consideration. If you have not been contacted within 5 working days you should assume you have not been successful on this occasion. Douglas Scott are the Legal Recruitment experts and the UK's leading law firms trust us with their legal vacancies. You can therefore apply for our Greater Manchester based legal jobs with confidence, we are a regulated employment agency and will discuss this role with you and seek your approval before submitting your application directly to the decision maker. Please see our website www.douglasscott.co.uk for more legal jobs in the Manchester area. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingEventsExecutive_job****