Title: European Sales and Marketing Administrator – Commercially Focused  Any European or Asian language
Webindex: 69133890
Company: Veenus Hotels & Experiences
Description: A career at Veenus Hotels Experiences (VHE) means being part of a company with a passion for service excellence and innovative thinking. If you're fluent in English and any European or Asian language and an achiever who loves delivering results then read on. Someone who thrives in a fast paced working environment with exceptional team members who have just delivered 15% growth  yes 15% growth in the last 1**** months? VHE is Europe's leading provider of affordable experiential tours for international groups in the leisure and tourism sector. We operate a very energetic trading environment and book bedrooms in world class brands such as Marriott, Hilton, Intercontinental and De Vere hotels………and out of hours experiences in world renowned attractions. We supply these packages to independent tour operators who serve their local communities and have an incredible 98% rebooking rate. We achieve this by sharing our special formula for success with our team: our people are given the expert knowledge and contacts acquired from our 18 years' trading. VHE is looking for intelligent, motivated and resourceful individuals to take us through our next phase of expansion. Join us and be the person you want to be in 10 yearsnow You must be a minimum 2:1 degree holder and fluent in any European or Asian language and of course excellent in both spoken and written English. You must be eligible to work in the UK and located/willing to locate within commuting distance of our office in Windsor. European Sales Marketing Administrator required skills: Applicants for this position must have: • Excellent organisational and time management skills • Smart and professional business manner • Firstclass customer care ethos • Natural problemsolving skills • High stamina to effectively operate in a fast environment • Strong eye for detail • Keen interest in overseas travel • Keen interest in business and achieving results • Fluency in English and any European or Asian language Please note: This is not your average administration role  after our special training you will be expected to negotiate with our clients and suppliers as well as displaying the ability to work with an enterprising and entrepreneurial focus. You will benefit from: • An excellent working environment • Discounts in luxury hotels • Discounts for leisure attractions including London theatre productions • Excellent scope for personal development • Competitive salary