Title: Content Design Manager
Webindex: 71695647
Company: Realise Consulting
Description: Create leadingedge capability building experiences for our clients, bringing the latest thinking connecting with Industry experts and delivering outstanding learning design. You ll have a proven and broad track record in brand marketing combined with a passion for developing people. Realise is an ambitious and rapidly growing Marketing Capability Development Consultancy. We are an energetic fast paced team focused delivering results and fuelling growth for our clients through developing their people. We are proud to work with some of the best brands and brains in the world and are dedicated to unlocking the potential of the marketing teams we partner. We have delivered significant capability building programmes within organisations like PepsiCo, Heineken, Twinings, Heinz to name but a few. People joining our team will be given the opportunity to be creative bringing the latest thinking and research to delivering innovative, highimpact solutions to our clients. The business has enormous potential to grow further enabling our people to learn and develop with the organisation, shape and share in its future success. We really value our people for the commitment they offer us and our clients, and in return our people experience a strong degree of flexibility, collaboration, trust and opportunity to learn. We are seeking a Content Design Manager to support the creation of leadingedge Capability Building Experiences for our Clients. We believe that unlocking potential is personal, so we develop bespoke solutions for our clients needs. The Content Design Manager will work with the account team and partners to create exceptional learning experiences. The role will also be responsible for helping to build our Intellectual Property base, tracking the latest thinking and connecting with Industry experts in order to deliver best practice and innovative learning design. To apply you will need a broad and proven track record in Brand Marketing (Insight, Strategy, Category, Communications, Digital, Innovation) within either a client or agency, combined with a passion for developing people. Along with your experience we re looking for some critical capabilities in the successful candidate: Exceptional relationship builder able to connect at all levels, make connections and build authentic trustful relationships with colleagues, experts and associate consultants alike. Attention to detail is critical in ensuring programme design and content meet the desired change in behavior. Working with others in the team to ensure everyone has the information they need to deliver to the highest possible standard. Patient to work through iterations of thinking as programmes develop. Passion for building capability in self and others the successful candidate will be able to demonstrate how they have developed personally as well as supported others to grow. They will need to show how they are continuing to learn and keep abreast of the latest Marketing and business thinking. You ll need to understand relevant marketing models and theories, and show evidence of how you have put them into practice within organisations Passion for building this business: able to work at multiple levels to get the work done, to work as an integral part of a small energetic team all working in the same direction. At times, rolling your sleeves up and at times supporting other projects all in pursuit of outstanding client experiences and team success. Organisation, Planning and Time Management: able to juggle multiple projects, and plan own time / resources to meet client and team deadlines. Creative Problem Solving: able to critically evaluate plans, adapt them and find creative solutions to practically resolve problems that arise. If you'd like to know more then please apply today (by **** th February at the latest) with a covering note and CV and we'll be in touch with successful applicants to arrange a confidential chat. Please note Agency Referrals will not be accepted nor considered for this position. Note that a car will be required due to the rural location of the office. For further information and to apply online please click on the Apply Now button