Title: Market Research Manager / Experience Manager
Webindex: 68679270
Company: Morph Talent
Description: Market Research Manager Our client, a Top 30, award winning Market Research agency is looking to appoint an Experience Manager to work with one of the UK's largest advertisers. Candidates must have at least 35 years’ experience of working agency or client side in market research. The Agency Our client is an innovative, award winning market research agency using a combination of real time response through text messaging, online diaries and more traditional questionnaires, to unearth new insight on the ways people are connecting with brands. They work with some of the biggest advertisers both in the UK and globally helping them to make decisions about their campaigns. Last year they were shortlisted for Best Small/Medium Enterprise at the National Business Awards and also nominated as Best Agency in the Market Research Awards 2011. This year they are finalists in the Best Place to Work category. There is simply no better time to join an exciting team. Experience Manager As a Market Research / Experience Manager you will have an important role in managing clients end to end, delegating effectively and developing junior executives with clear direction and lead by example. We have a vacancy for a specialist Experience manager role that requires a mix of both quantitative and qualitative skills, reporting into the Senior Director on the Account. The ideal candidate will have skills and experience in the following areas: Self starting and able to work both independently and as part of a team An extensive knowledge of quantitative research methods and qualitative moderation and reporting, especially online qual A real interest in unpicking consumer opinion and debate with excellent moderation of online groups and communities Creative and insightful – pulling out interesting and actionable insight from data and presenting in an engaging way An eye for detail and a strong work ethic, with quality at its heart The ability to multitask. You will be responsible for juggling a number of different tasks concurrently and will do so with energy and drive Contribution of ideas to senior team members to drive action with the insights you unearth Comfortable with client handling and delivery Adaptable to constantly changing needs Numerate with genuine interest in understanding how qualitative insights can drive more robust quantitative analysis When the project is launched, you will be the first point of contact for clients (via email, telephone or direct communication) and, thereafter, will pass the important information to your colleagues to ensure its continuity. You will be responsible for managing everyday resources during the process of project delivery driving thoughtful and creative analysis through the process of storyboarding consumer themes and add expertise and best practice developed from working with other clients to help produce ‘clientready’ presentations. You will be able to write pithy, relevant and actionable summaries that address key client issues and present them in an engaging and confident manner to clients. The role is pressurised, therefore your excellent time management skills and ability to prioritise workloads will be an important component of your role. You will actively engage with our employees to communicate strategy and vision as well as the client’s vision. Apply now to become our Experience Manager This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketResearchManagerExperienceManager_job****