Title: Senior Category Marketing Manager Global Brands
Webindex: 68384210
Description: The Client Our client is one of the leading International Brand Powerhouses within the Categories in which serves, operating across several branded areas they have an unquestionable appetite for success. Their 5 year plan is simple and yet immeasurably challenging, to transform the very way in which their Categories are defined and shopped by the retailer and consumer alike. The **** year strategic goal is to succeed in the elusive tightrope of driving both Quantity Value within their core offering, that will see their market dominance increase considerably. The Role As Senior Category Marketing Manager you will be tasked with managing a Key Business Unit working with the respective Senior Managers. Working cross functionally both internally and externally you will drive a strong growth agenda within your business unit that will play a significant part in maximising EBIT performance of the UK business as whole. In order to achieve you will take ownership of driving a change agenda both internally and externally to the business. Your shortterm goals will be 2 years out, whilst longterm goals will be devised some 5 years into the future, hence the intellectual stretch you will experience will be unparalleled in your career to date. Working at close quarters with the UK GM, Marketing Directors and respective Divisional MD's your plans will form the Commercial Category Compass for the business to set its course. This role will be your building block to a **** step career development curve with the business, which will ultimately see you reaching an Controller or Head of Role or a International Assignment within their Global Operation. Candidate Requirements Candidates will have ideally gained exposure to Commercial/Trading or Category/Trade Marketing within one of two channels Leading FMCG Businesses or working directly for a UK Retailer. In doing so they will be at ease with operating in an intellectually tough environment, where results are driven via a Strategic approach. Finally the role requires a real can do mentality alongside a creative flair for solution focused thinking inside a Global corporate framework.