Title: Media Sales Executive (Print, Online & Broadcast)
Webindex: 69640730
Company: Choice Consultants
Description: Choice Consultants are Scotland's leading specialist advertising and media sales recruitment consultancy. MEDIA SALES EXECUTIVE (PRINT, ONLINE & BROADCAST) CLYDEBANK Our Client Our client is a leading Media group with an exceptional reputation for a range of innovative market leading local online, print and broadcast media platforms. As one of the largest media operations in their area their instantly recognisable household brands covers a range of high impact advertising platforms. They currently require a Media Sales Executive based at their office in Clydebank. The Role You will be responsible for selling print and online advertising opportunities to direct clients throughout the West of Glasgow, North of Glasgow, Argyll and surrounding areas. The role will involve identifying, pursuing and securing new business opportunities as well as managing a range of existing customers including large and medium size businesses. Sectors could include retail, Health and beauty, home improvements, entertainment, liesure and travel. You will be responsible for telemarketing and cold calling to generate key contacts, thereafter, selling and creating bespoke media packages. Your role will involve building and maintaining relationships with key decision makers with a number of their larger clients, ensuring that the relationship is nurtured and grown. Working to targets and deadlines you will have the support and back up of strong case studies, metrics and marketing information, marketing support and sales leads. The Candidate To apply you will require advertising sales experience from any media sector (i.e outdoor, online, radio, newspaper, magazine, directories, digital etc). You will have a solid track record of developing new business and managing existing accounts. You will be an articulate selfstarter with a proactive and creative approach. You will have the ability to negotiate deals and strive to continue this local market leading brand's impressive success. The Package In return you will be given the rarely available opportunity to work in a team orientated environment for a leading media organisation on a quality media brand. You will be given full structured induction training, development and future career opportunities. Basic salary to ****K  bonus (OTE ****K)  benefits APPLY NOW AND MAKE IT HAPPEN About Choice Consultants Choice Consultants are a specialist Media Sales Recruitment Consultancy established in 1999, we now hold preferred supplier status for the majority of media players in Scotland. As Scotland's leading Advertising and Media Sales Recruitment Consultancy we recruit for advertising and media sales personnel at all levels for a range of international, national and local media organisations. Our clients include top,  Radio stations  Magazine publishers  Online/Digital Media brands  New Media companies Internet Marketing & Web Design companies  Experiential/Guerrilla Marketing companies  Outdoor Advertising organisations  Directory publishers  Newspaper publishers  Exhibition and Events companies  Media brokers  Television broadcasters  Contract publishing houses Whether you are looking to break into a rewarding career in Media sales, looking for a move into Management, or simply a new challenge we offer opportunities throughout Scotland through our unique and unrivalled network of Advertising contacts. To apply for this role or find out more about other opportunities selling media space call Choice Consultants, email or visit our website.