Title: Senior Account Manager Medcomms Agency
Webindex: 68665660
Company: Executive Facilities Technology
Description: SENIOR ACCOUNT MANAGER London ****k Our client a Global Medical Communications / Education Agency seek a Senior Account Manager. The Senior Account Manager will primarily develop client relationships; programme management and delivery. The secondary function involves professional relationships – medical, growing account business and team/line management ROLE RESPONSIBILITY Account Direction/Management:  To manage the daytoday running of the client programme(s) and implement agreed projects within the programme.  Ensure that all team members are provided with an overview, appraised and trained in the therapy area, drug mechanisms and competitor products for designated accounts as appropriate.  Delegate projects with measurable project and individual objectives to team members when appropriate with Account Director and Associate Director.  Ensure client is regularly updated on progress and any changes to programme. Responsibility for regular phone contact and prompt and accurate contact reports.  Manage commissioned freelancers, on a daytoday basis, ensure the quality of their outputs.  Maintain overview of projects/account, regularly review impact on programme and client objectives in accordance with Associate Director and proactively advise client on new issues/external environment that may have an impact.  Instigate brainstorms to develop the strategic, creative direction of accounts.  Responsibility for budget control, accurate invoicing and estimating, be aware of budget status at all times and promote account profitability.  Maintain an overview of team resourcing and review with Directors as appropriate.  Have expert knowledge of graphics, print and production.  Pharma industry or Medical Communications experience preferred. Upgrade your career now This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorAccountManagerMedcommsAgency_job****