Title: Paid Search Executive
Webindex: 72120673
Company: eSift Ltd
Description: Are you an experienced and passionate Paid Search Executive? Can you demonstrate the ability to manage small to moderate scale PPC accounts across a variety of business verticals? Our client based in Alton, Hampshire is offering you this new and exciting opportunity to join their business as their Paid Search Executive. Salary: ****pa to ****pa. Hours: 9am 5.30pm Monday to Friday. Within this role you will report to the Commercial Manager and provide the business with support and intelligence to key internal stakeholders. You will provide advice, management information and solutions to problems. You will design, implement and run outstanding Pay Per Click media strategies which deliver the optimum result for the business, including ROI and quality score. This will include key word research through to management reporting on the results of any PPC or paid search campaigns. To be successful in your application you must have; Significant full life cycle PPC paid search and search engine management (SEM) campaign creation and management experience The ability to analyse results (using a variety of tools including Google analytics and internal reports) and actively monitor and share results across the business. Experience with a variety of popular PPC advert platforms (such as Google AdWords, Yahoo.com, Bing) Significant experience with MS products especially Excel, PowerPoint and Word. An analytical nature with first class communication skills Our client is a FSA regulated insurance brokerage that is quickly expanding. Don t miss out on this fantastic opportunity to join the business in this newly formed role in which you can progress your career whilst working within an innovative and motivated working environment. Apply now for further information and to be considered for this fantastic opportunity Our client has appointed eSift as their resource partner we are managing this role on their behalf. To apply for this position please click on the apply now button below. Your details as submitted by you will only be forwarded in relation to this vacancy, by submitting your CV to us you are giving us express consent to provide our client with your full details if we believe your skills and experience meets with our client s criteria and/or need