Title: SEO Account Coordinator
Webindex: 68683234
Company: Yolk Recruitment
Description: SEO Account Coordinator Profile Yolk Recruitment specialise in recruiting for a wide range of businesscritical commercial positions. We source elite professionals within the marketing arena with a proven track record of achievement and work with clients that will deliver on your career aspirations Client Ambitious, growing, established, successful, transparent, busy – who wouldn’t want to work for a company like that? Due to continued success my client is now recruiting a number of new digital marketing positions in their head office in Cardiff. These include SEO Specialist, Junior PPC Account Manager, SEO Account Coordinator and Social Media/PR Executive. Role The SEO account coordinator will manage the day to day execution of search engine optimisation campaigns for a number of client websites. This will include conducting market and competitor analysis, link building, publishing content, creating Google Places listings and creating and managing social assets. As well as working closely with the SEO team to share ideas and best practise, you will also work closely with our copywriters to create relevant, targeted copy. You will also create insightful reports and liaise with clients. Core responsibilities:  perform market and competitor research to identify SEO and link building opportunities;  work closely with internal copywriters to create relevant content;  execute link building and social media marketing campaigns for your allocated clients;  produce and analyse progress reports to spot opportunities to increase traffic;  liaise with clients and attend relevant client meetings;  accurately record all activity and meet given deadlines;  keep up to date on new SEO developments and share best practise with the SEO team. Requirements  passion for search engine marketing is essential, but you must also have:  at least 12 months recent SEO and social media experience;  strong communication skills (written and verbal), interpersonal skills, a positive attitude and the  ability to thrive in a collaborative agency environment;  an ability to produce accurate and insightful reports;  an understanding and evidence of linking building techniques;  excellent organisational skills and an eye for detail;  the ability to work on your own initiative and contribute to a team;  the ability to successfully manage multiple projects in a deadlinedriven environment;  a strong customer service orientation and the ability to form customer relationships;  strong commercial awareness. Rewards As well as working in a busy agency environment you will also benefit from a basic salary of  ****k, 22 days annual leave, contributory pension, flexitime and an annual company bonus. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SEOAccountCoordinator_job****