Title: PR Account Manager  B2B Tech PR
Webindex: 71097542
Company: Fresh Connect Recruitment
Description: A successful Public Relations agency is currently seeking a PR Account Manager who can demonstrably secure press coverage. Leading across a mixed portfolio of highprofile B2B Technology accounts, the new Account Manager will implement creative, issuesbased programmes for clients and will have three or four people reporting to them. To be considered, you should have press contacts in the IT trade and national press along with the ability to translate tech jargon in to clear, benefits and issues led programmes. Strong organisation and time management skills are also essential. This role is very central to the agency and both upward and downward delegation is necessary to make sure delivery targets are met. Key responsibilities also include supporting the Account Director on the development of numerous creative projects and also helping with planning, strategy and media training work. This agency is looking for a strong writer who can be tenacious and persuasive when talking to journalists and analysts. Good client relation skills and interpersonal warmth which helps to foster strong relationships is also vital. In order to be considered you would need to be able to help identify, win and manage new business opportunities while working with existing clients and you must have the skills to lead, inspire and motivate coworkers too. This agency needs someone with strong writing skills, sound Tech PR credentials and an exceptional knowledge of the industry. The winning candidate must have relevant B2B Tech PR experience within an agency setting at this level and a proven track record of delivering successful campaigns. Experience using social media in this setting would be of distinct advantage. If you feel you can develop campaigns that deliver genuine commercial impact and want to work for a firstclass agency, apply now For this and similar vacancies, please contact Suzanna Hesketh on **** **** **** or email suzannafreshconnect.co.uk Account Manager, Senior Account Manager, Account Director, Consumer Tech, B2B PR, B2B Tech, Tech PR, Technology PR, Public Relations, London. Account Manager, Senior Account Manager, Account Director, Consumer Tech, B2B PR, B2B Tech, Tech PR, Technology PR, Public Relations, London.