Title: Data Planner Marketing Analytics Consultancy
Webindex: 70519882
Company: Harnham Search and Selection Ltd
Description: Data Planner Marketing Analytics Consultancy This is an excellent opportunity for a candidate to work in a diverse role, working with a range of FMCG clients to deliver datafocussed strategies and insight as required to ensure data is used effectively to improve customer targeting and overall ROI. THE COMPANY: A wellknown analytics consultancy that boasts a range of brandname clients and deliver large scale projects to a number of leading UK retailers. Specialising in customer insight, direct marketing and market research, they are able to devise tailored solutions that are delivered to the clients requirement. THE ROLE: In this role, you will have the opportunity to work with a number of teams in the marketing space, to ensure that data is being used to its full advantage. You will have experience of data analysis, using SPSS, Excel, VBA, Acces, SAS or equivalent, and will use data from various sources to provide insight and ensure it is being utilised to improve overall customer targeting though multiple channels. You will be a point of communication that will work between creative, analytics and data teams to ensure data is accessible and used effectively within the business. In this role, you will have the opportunity to develop strategies for clients to improve their campaign targeting, by drawing together the results of post campaign analysis and using data insights to drive future campaigns and ensure that the best results are achieved for the client. You will be involved in all stages of the data cycle, from planning the best use of the data, to evaluating the success of a project, reporting your findings back to the client, and also suggesting recommendations based on data insights. YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:  Experience analysing data using Excel, VBA, SPSS, Access, SAS or any similar statistical software. You must have an understanding of data analysis as you will work closely with the analytics team and use their findings to devise strategies and insights  Excellent communication skills and the ability to form strong relationships with both internal and external teams is necessary to ensure that the information is gathered from all relevant sources and used to the best effect to ensure that campaigns are running effectively and targeting the relevant audience. This is an excellent opportunity to work with market leading clients in a strategic and insightfocussed role. THE BENEFITS: Salary up to **** plus benefits package HOW TO APPLY: To be considered for the Data Planner position, hit the Apply button above now, or contact Sayda Raffiq on **** **** **** or saydaraffiqharnhamsearch.com KEYWORDS: Data, data planning, data planner, Excel, Access, VBA, SPSS, SAS, agency, consultancy, direct marketing, marketing campaign, online, offline, digital, CRM, insight, data analysis, analyst, data strategy, targeting, FMCG, retail, London Data Planner Marketing Analytics Consultancy