Title: Print Manager
Webindex: 71453790
Company: Creative Recruitment
Description: My client is a true leader when it comes to the modern day Marketing Agency. They are experts in creative activation for Print, Direct Mail, Digital, Content, Moving Image, POS, and Marketing Technology. Their clients are large well known brands, high street names, corporate and FMCG's. Due to continued growth at this top agency they now have a role of a Print Manager for two prestigious clients managing their exciting multi million pound accounts. These will be focused on POS, High Volume B**** litho print, Wide Format, Retail Print or Print within retail space. Having experience within these disciplines is essential to be successful. You will be answerable to a fantastic Account Director and require a highlevel of professionalism in dealing with these large new account wins. You must be client focused and be familiar with providing complex, multiproduct responses and advising companies on how they can 'promote their brand' better and more effectively, through your range of personalised POS and Print products. A high degree of Print Procurement and printed POS knowledge is essential. Knowing your print is a must for you to be chosen for this role so, if you don't know your silk art to your laser bond, your PMS to your RGB or your B**** litho to your B3 digital then please do not apply. A previous trackrecord as an Account Manager, Print Manage and Print Buyer within print management or an agency is essential. Experience in working with clients in developing their Print and POS programs would also be helpful. You must be familiar with pricing and costings as you will be tested at interview and also given a technical print test, specing a print job using your knowledge of paper weights and different processes. Experience   A minimum of **** years experience in managing and buying print services, including POS, commercial print, B****/B**** Litho and DM.  A minimum of 3 years experience in managing client requests from quotes to delivering the product  Hands on print experience with the ability to create an accurate spec for tender, from a previous printed sample supplied.  Ability to reengineer client ideas for cost savings and speed to market  Manage and deliver multiple projects in a high pressure environment with tight deadlines and to meet high client expectations.