Title: Brand Communications Manager
Webindex: 68384741
Description: Brand Communications Manager **** **** plus benefits Based: Berkshire TL**** We need an impressive marketing communications specialist to join a household name in the leisure retail world. You ll have the opportunity to develop and implement a consumer driven communications strategy that integrates both the on and offline brand perception and be responsible for delivering tangible results through your campaigns. With a team of 2 as well as significant internal stakeholders to manage this could be a great opportunity to influence and make a difference in a high profile consumer brand name. Our Ideal Candidate A background in leisure and gaming would be ideal, though a retail marketing background would also be suitable. Clearly a track record of developing brand comms strategies is important, as is extensive influencing and relationship building experience. It is hoped that your CV will have a commercial element proof that your campaigns to date have delivered commercial results will be expected. Some people management experience is important and due to the requirement to visit the retail estate, a full driving license is essential. Client Profile With over **** leisure outlets across the UK our client is focused on using insight to drive strategy for all its brands, both on and offline. As part of the gaming world they are crucially aware of their social responsibilities and work closely with regulators to ensure that they stay at the heart of and influence developments within their industry. Tarsh Lazare Marketing Recruitment is committed to finding the right roles for talented candidates. We are a leading name in marketing recruitment and have significant marketing recruitment experience working with brand management, communications, category management and insight / research specialists. If you would like to discuss this role, or any other roles that might be suitable, please email or call one of the team now.