Title: Paid Search & Display Marketing Manager
Webindex: 68823824
Company: ARM
Description: Paid Search & Display Marketing Manager, to c. ****k, Central London My client is a growing online financial comparison and advertising business based in London's West End and are seeking a highly numerate and analytical Paid Search & Display Marketing Manager to join their team. Reporting into the Head of SEM, the Paid Search & Display Marketing Manager will have full autonomy over adwords, display, and facebook advertising for the UK market with budgets in excess of ****k per month As the Search team continues to expand there is a strong possibility of bringing on board a junior PPC professional who you would manage on a day to day basis. Key Responsibilities:  Help developing, refine and implement the growth strategy for our paid search and biddable media channels  Implementing PPC campaign strategies to maximise profitability including identifying and setting up relevant tests and measuring and reporting the impact  Managing media partner relationships in both paid search and biddable media including negotiating relevant contracts  Maintaining up to date knowledge of technology platforms available to each channel (e.g. bid management solutions) and proposing the right solutions based on business requirements  Understanding crosschannel attribution methods and their impact on channel performance reporting and resource allocation. Key Skills:  Exceptional proven ability and understanding of the overall PPC and biddable media ecosystem  Detailed knowledge of paid search and biddable media campaign optimisation tools and techniques  Strong stakeholder management skills and ability to work with cross functional leads to ensure project success.  Proven ability in running and analysing A/B and multivariate creative tests  Highly analytical and datadriven  Strong knowledge of Excel and ability to manipulate and interpret data sets  Excellent attention to detail and high level of organisation and diligence  Knowledge of SQL and online analytics platforms such as Google Analytics would be an advantage. Working in a fun filled, social atmosphere, the Paid Search & Display Marketing Manager will be rewarded with a generous basic salary, bonus, and benefits package which include either healthcare or gym membership. If you have demonstrable PPC & Display experience we are seeking then don't delay and apply to this ad now. Interviews are currently taking place and depending on your current notice period, you could land yourself a career enhancing role before the holiday season. Alternatively, contact Alex Marriner, Senior Search Marketing Recruitment Specialist at Advanced Resource Managers on alexmarm.co.uk or call [blocked] for a confidential discussion. Paid Search & Display Marketing Manager, to c. ****k, Central London This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. We will never send your CV without your permission.