Title: Insight Manager  Media
Webindex: 68979438
Company: Elizabeth Norman International
Description: Insight Manager  Media Calling all talented researchers who want to turn insight into action If you are a talented dualist Qual and Quant researcher and are seeking an autonomous role within, creative and innovative consultancy with a focus on business and strategic consulting and marketing within media industry then this could be for you. An exciting and rare opportunity has arisen for a clientfacing mid level researcher with at least 4 years experience gained within a reputable agency to join a small, exciting and dynamic team, managing consulting projects and acting as a key senior client contact. Candidates who are currently research managers this is an exciting opportunity to work in a well respected company in a cutting edge area of research. Also senior research executives looking to step up to research manager, this opportunity could prove you with a vital career move. As a core team member, reporting directly to the global category director, you will get fully involved in all aspects of both quant and qual research projects. The projects will have a great scope of variability, working for a major media client. On these projects the ability to deliver valuable insights will also be required on a daily basis. The ability to deliver projects on budget and on time is of paramount importance. Skills required: Extensive research experience, including both quant and qual methods. Preferably skills gained in both agency and client side. Particularly important is the use of in depth interviews, focus groups workshops. SPSS or other statistical programme experience is beneficial. Experience of online/media research. FMCG experience. International/Multinational project familiarity. Previous and proven success of team management. Good team player. Selfmotivated. This is a unique experience to work with a highly successful company in a trendy area of research. Paying upto ****k  benefits and working in a great area of central London. To apply for this role please click on the apply now button below