Title: Project Manager  Medical Communications  Surrey
Webindex: 69793760
Company: Fresh Connect
Description: A leading Medical Communications agency based in Surrey has an opening for a Project Manager to join their expanding team of communications experts. The successful candidate will effectively be managing and overseeing a number of Medical Communications projects. The agency's catalogue of clients consists of both wellknown pharmaceutical brands and more specialised, lowprofile companies within the healthcare industry. In this role you will undertake the management of allocated projects, liaising with the client and taking responsibility for the quality and accuracy of scientific content in order to maintain client satisfaction. The successful candidate will ensure that the most effective solutions are delivered and will also be confident liaising with a number of key opinion leaders, colleagues and external clients. Key elements of this position include:  Managing projects  Team leadership and overall responsibility for projects  Aiding the directors with proposal writing  Liaising with clients and KOLs  Proofreading and editing  Briefing writers, designers and other outsourced colleagues  Researching and referencing  Writing a variety of materials To take advantage of this unique opportunity, you will have a good degree in a medical sciences related field coupled with experience within a similar role in Medical Communications. Proven experience managing projects efficiently to deadline, as well as good writing skills are essential for this position. You must also have excellent communication, interpersonal and client consultation skills. In return for your skills, you will receive an attractive salary package and other fantastic benefits. Don't miss out on the opportunity to join an influential, firstclass agency, apply today For this and similar vacancies, please contact Gary Hoult on **** **** **** or email garyfreshconnect.co.uk Medical Projects Manager, Project Manager, Account Manager, Project Leader, Senior Project Manager, Healthcare Communications, Healthcare Comms, Surrey. Medical Projects Manager, Project Manager, Account Manager, Project Leader, Senior Project Manager, Healthcare Communications, Healthcare Comms, Surrey Application Information: gary.****freshconnect.aplitrak.com