Title: Projects/Campaign Planning Officer
Webindex: 71225389
Company: Fusion People
Description: This position has been released on a shortterm basis. They are looking for someone to carry out the following duties: Key Accountabilities:  Support the Campaigns Delivery Manager in the development, delivery, monitoring and evaluation of the Communications Strategy and project work programme  To assist the Head of Communications, Campaigns Delivery Manager and Campaigns Media Manager in the evaluation and management of human and other resources in delivering effective campaigns  Develop and manage a range of project tools, such as planning, evaluation and reporting templates and guidance notes, to support the role of the Corporate Communications team.  To jointly performance manage projects, along with the relevant lead Senior Campaigns Officer  To develop a resource library of research, information and good practice for the Communications team.  To develop, manage and utilise planning, evaluation and reporting tools e.g. Daily Issues and the Planning Grid Specific accountabilities include: **** Supporting project performance management by: • Track and report on progress against plan; • Manage, track and report on resource usage; • Manage, track and report on delivery of targets and progress towards delivery of final business outcome; and • Progress and exception reporting to OMT. **** Enabling campaign project control through: • Monitoring of progress of individual campaign projects; progress, deliverables, outcome realisation, impacts, project critical interface identification and management of project issues; • Identification of risk areas; monitoring of key risk areas; contingency planning; and • Warn campaign leads of events or issues that may impact on the project through establishing an informal network. **** Facilitating project communications and buy in through: • Input into businesswide communications on the project planning • Identify progress and impact on the business • Highlighting expected benefits. • Building relationships with relevant business areas and partners as appropriate • Plan, manage and deliver appropriately sized projects as required You should match the following criteria:  Diploma level qualification in a relevant subject or equivalent  Significant project and resource management experience  Ability to analyse and report on a range of complex data  Producing written work such as reports, documentation and guidance  Producing reports and briefing notes  Undertaking and coordinating evaluation using a range of techniques and tools. To apply please forward your CV ASAP. For further information please contact Grant Wilson on [blocked]  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business.