Title: Senior Media Relations Manager, Financial Services
Webindex: 72114604
Company: Unicorn Jobs
Description: The Company Our client, the largest retail bank in the UK, aims to be the best financial services provider. This post presents an opportunity to be at the heart of the activity as the industry enters a new era. Further, this particular organisation is an established brand and one of the biggest participants in the sector, and deeply involved in the reforms taking place. The Role The successful applicant will bring enthusiasm, drive and a strong level of expert knowledge having worked in a busy press office environment. You will need confidence, credibility and the ability to understand and to influence on complex issues; and the ability to work under pressure. This needs to translate in to strong journalist and stakeholder relationships. Key skills include: Developing and managing media relations on Corporate issues that you are responsible for by acting as a lead media spokesperson. In particular, your focus will be on presenting balance sheet issues such as capital; leverage and liquidity to the media in way that is effective within the fastchanging and politicallycharged environment that currently exists within the sector. Providing a full PR service on Corporate issues, including preparing communications materials, writing press releases, managing media issues, working with contracted PR agencies, handling logistical requirements associated with media activity and providing other creative support as necessary. More broadly, you will be working as part of a small team handling media enquiries; sourcing and communicating appropriate responses; supporting colleagues on wider Corporate and Group issues; contributing to covering outofhours media requirements. Liaising with the organisation s business units regarding evaluation of media relations needs and providing advice and guidance on aspects of media and external communications. Representing the Group Media Relations team at internal meetings and assisting with communications strategy as appropriate Candidate Credentials Communication Impact Ability to translate technical data and balance sheets Delivering Results Collaborative Working Business Acumen Planning Organising