Title: Digital Strategist / Digital Senior Account Director
Webindex: 67321566
Company: Search Party
Description: This is an amazing opportunity for a digital strategist to work across the account management teams of a **** person communications agency. You will bring digital insight and know how to creative campaigns across the top brands from every sector. The creative integrated communications agency is overall very digitally savvy, but this Digital Strategist works within the agency s digital hub of senior digital experts. They are looking for the breadth of digital experience; digital build of varying size and complexity, detailed social media understanding, SEO to UX/IA principles to mobile and web apps. Overall strong understanding of content is key for creating and implementing digital strategies. The account management teams are also full of creative ideas and strategies for their clients, this digital strategy role with bring the relevant digital activities to life with insights, experience and know how. The digital strategist will know what and how creative communications plan can be done digitally. The digital hub team uses any agency within the WWP Group and outside to deliver. You will have a digital project manager to work with, but you will have good knowledge of who is best in the industry to use and know how to brief them in and oversee. Social media channels experience and understanding of content is key for this role. They do also require strong understanding the wider integrated picture. Marketing communications, even PR agency exposure would be ideal to understand the importance and consequences of content. You should also have a healthy interest in measurement and analytics. The digital strategist role has great benefits and works in a superb, contemporary, friendly environment. Own bar and caf etc. To be briefed on the spec and environment, please email your CV to me, grahamsearchpartydigital.com I will be reviewing anyone who comes forward over the Christmas period, they are keen to meet someone as soon as possible in the new year. A Digital Strategist / Digital Senior Account Director role.