Title: Digital Insight Executive/Junior Strategic Planner
Webindex: 72252233
Company: Pitch Consultants
Description: Insight Executive/Junior Strategic Planner required to join the digital team of unquestionably one of the most boundary pushing agencies in the Midlands. Working with a portfolio of high profile brands and boasting outstanding creative and technical capability in their ranks, you'll understand why this is such an impressive team. As a result of all of the work coming in to the agency, they now need an Insight Executive/Junior Strategist to work as a key part of their planning and strategy team. To be considered, you'll need to have a good understanding of digital strategy and tools for measurement and evaluation, excellent analytical and interpersonal skills, along with experience working on digital/social media/research initiatives and projects. It goes without saying that you're passionate about social media and digital in general and the opportunities this offers brands to communicate and engage with their customers. Day to day responsibilities will include:  Assist in developing strategies and their daytoday execution across digital clients  Interface and consult regularly with different client teams within the agency  Monitor, evaluate and advise on the reputation of clients and their products online  Support ongoing research and analytics reporting activity for digital/social media projects  Work closely with Digital team to drive proactive and reactive digital support for the clients Projects the agency works on range from simple Facebook pages and microsites through to largescale websites and iOS apps often with tight deadlines so you'll provide key input into a variety of exciting projects. In return for all this, you get to work for one of the very best digital teams out there, working on high profile brand names, in a collaborative, team focussed environment. The progression opportunities are excellent too. Truly outstanding opportunity. Apply now in the strictest of confidence for immediate consideration.