Title: Head of Digital  Best Western Hotels GB
Webindex: 68980956
Company: Interchange Consort Hotels Limited
Description: We are seeking a senior ecommerce and digital professional to join Best Western s Marketing eCommerce Team in the role of Head of Digital. As a leader in digital solutions you will ensure that the Best Western brand proposition ( Hotels with Personality ) is supported through all digital channels, whilst maximising revenue from online acquisition. You will be strategically minded and inspirational, leading the eCommerce Team to optimise conversion rates through cuttingedge web design, user experience, A/B and multivariant testing. You will also be the driving force within Best Western for the exploration and adoption of new technologies, and innovation in the digital arena. This will include working with Best Western International and Best Western affiliates in the development and implementation of online products and business initiatives. To be successful in this role you must be a digital native with strong IT literacy, commercial acumen and highly developed analytical skills. You will be an excellent leader, managing and leading the Digital Team whilst demonstrating excellent communications skills to build effective working relationships at all levels, internally and externally. This role involves effective management of budgets and forecasting, therefore excellent numerical and financial management skills will be required. We offer a competitive salary and a range of benefits including company bonus, pension, life assurance, income protection, employee discounts and 26 days holiday (rising to 31 days with service). We also offer career and learning opportunities to help you fulfil your potential. Best Western Hotels GB Hotels with Personality are the largest group of independently owned and managed hotels in the World. We are part of Interchange Consort Hotels, which also incorporates Beacon, specialist providers of purchasing, consultancy and advisory services to over **** customers in the hospitality, leisure and healthcare industries. Recognised as a Best Companies One Star employer, we think we have a fantastic, friendly and fun working environment, and we are committed to being a great place to work.