Title: PR and Marketing Communications Manager, ****K
Webindex: 68347074
Company: Easy Web Recruitment 
Description: PR and Marketing Communications Manager, ****K Our client oversees the management of over **** public leisure centres including swimming pools and gyms within London and South East England. They are committed to the provision of leisure and fitness facilities at affordable prices. Position: PR and Communications Manager Location: London, SE18 Salary: **** **** ROLE: The PR and Marketing Communications Manager will build and maintain relationships with key partners in media relations, council communication departments and internally. They will also guide and train General Managers and Community Sport Officers (on the ground locally). Assist, drive and improve their corporate positioning through media and PR sources. Develop and lead their Communication Strategy for internal and external communications while increasing awareness of their key consumer messages to all local audiences. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Assist, plan, write, deliver and evaluate their communication and media strategy, both offline and online, for B2B and B2C audiences. b) Build relationships with journalists, media contacts and Council communication departments, dealing effectively with all media presence. c) Write relevant releases, secure approvals, brief relevant individuals and act as the organisations PR gatekeeper ensure that their and Better key messages and stories are known. d) Plan and deliver the PR element of large scale events held in their facilities and as part of the corporate agenda. e) Liaise with centre staff, head office, councils and media to ensure all pre and post PR opportunities are maximised. f) Ensure budget books are adhered to and financial procedures are followed. g) Oversee stock photo management processes of library uploads to DAM following relevant press events. h) Carry out all duties with due regard for Health and Safety requirements and regulations, the Society s customer care and Equal Opportunities policies. i) Enter data to and obtain output from electronic data processing equipment in conformity with agreed procedures. j) Management of supplier and other stakeholder relationships including online broadcast and social media monitoring, photographers, web development and SEO providers. k) Input into annual marketing communication plans and review on a quarterly basis to ensure objectives still relevant and targets being met. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Relevant degree and/or working towards a professional qualification (i.e. CIM, IDM). b) Strong PR / communications experience ideally in a customer / public service / retail organisation. c) Track record of effective PR / communications support achieving deadlines and able to multi task. d) Excellent copywriting, editing, verbal, listening and people skills (on and offline). e) The ability to build strong relationships both internally and externally. f) A fast learner with the ability to juggle varying projects at the one time. g) Able to deal with customers and their queries and concerns with tact and sensitivity. h) Good understanding of: the characteristics and qualities that customers want from leisure / health and fitness centres; wider sports sector; social enterprise sector. i) Knowledge of the marketing and communications environment, processes to mix of online and offline campaigns and contribution of communications ideas to marketing outputs. j) Understanding of financial control, budgeting and monitoring. You may have experience of the following: PR and Communications Manager, CIM, Public Affairs, Communications Marketing Manager, PR Executive, Corporate Communications, Marcomms, Marcoms, PR Manager, Press Relations, Public Relations Manager, B2C, B2B, Marketing Manager, Press Officer, Journalist, Journalism, Content Editor, Media Manager, etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.