Title: Account Manager – Boutique Integrated Agency – Central London – ****k 
Webindex: 71454060
Company: Fill Recruitment Ltd
Description: The agency are looking for an Account Manager who wants to work in an energetic atmosphere, and is looking to contribute to not only the success of their accounts, but also the success of the wider agency. The Account Manager must be happy working in a small team, and must be ambitious, bright, hardworking and proactive it is a very hands on environment without the infrastructure or hierarchy of a big agency. There are huge advantages in terms of working closely with the senior management team, having senior client contact, working on new business pitches, attending training courses and so on, but when things get busy, the Account Manager needs to roll up their sleeves and get stuck in The Account Manager will work on the main client account and disciplines will include integrated communications including DM, email, collateral, web development and site evolution, promotional collateral (posters, flyers, banners), etc. As the Account Manager you ll have at least 2 years experience in an integrated, direct marketing. You are an Account Manager with a proven track record as a central point of client contact, with the ability to drive and oversee the creative, production and fulfilment process in full; a thorough understanding of all admin, finance and billing processes and proven experience managing digital projects as well as offline. Personalitywise you are a motivated selfstarter, who is ambitious, thrives on multitasking and works well under pressure. We need an Account Manager who is organised, takes pride in what they do and an Account Manager who wants to feel part of a team and work towards common goals. This is a nottobe missed opportunity at a true boutique great Account Managers please send us your CV today If this role is not what you re looking for, then don t worry. At Fill Recruitment we specialise in all agency positions. We are currently recruiting for account handlers at Account Manager, Senior Account Manager and Group Account Director levels. If you would like to find out more please visit our website: www.fillrecruitment.com or try http://jobs.brandrepublic.com/employerjobs/fillrecruitmentltd