Title: Online Content Specialist
Webindex: 69171554
Company: IRON MOUNTAIN  LTD
Description: Primary purpose of the Role To manage, monitor and develop online content, as well as updating pages on Iron Mountain European Websites. They will work on a daily basis with our Online Marketing Executive, Campaign manager and Marketing Automation Specialist. This role will report directly to the Senior Online Marketing Manager (Europe). Key Accountabilities Accountable for the delivery of website content, online assets for Iron Mountain Europe (IME).  Maintain, update and improve upon existing website content/online assets which may include forms, landing pages, banner adverts, web pages, websites and possibly mobile.  Work with IME teams to drive continuous improvement in usability, user experience and design by applying best practices  Management and governance of IME content, ensuring consistency for navigation, tagging, site standards, taxonomies and Meta data.  Assist with design strategies in improving the online user experience for forms, landing pages, web pages and website  Support A/B multivariate test for forms, landing pages and web pages  Evaluate code to ensure that it is valid, is properly structured, meets industry standards and is compatible with browsers, devices, or operating systems  Translate business requirements into specifications, wireframes and user journeys  Troubleshoot any Technical Problems with Sitecore and Eloqua Systems  Work closely with campaign manager and Marketing Automation Specialist and align support Knowledge/Skills/Experience  Must have a strong working knowledge of at least one of the following development technologies and familiarity with several others: C, ASP.NET.  Strong knowledge of JavaScript and libraries such as jQuery  Handcoding standardsbased HTML5, CSS3.  A solid understanding of web application development processes, from the layout/user interface to relational database structures.  Understanding the benefits of SEO and the development skills to support SEO  Knowledge of popular Content Management Systems and publishing platforms like, Ekton, Sitecore  Experience of managing and publishing content using Content Management Systems.  Understanding of web analytics  Recognises the fundamental differences between the various Internet browsers and can test accordingly This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OnlineContentSpecialist_job****