Title: Senior Product Marketing Manager B2B
Webindex: 69669747
Company: Intelligent People Ltd
Description: Senior Product Marketing Manager B2B Software and services. Senior Product Marketing Manager / Senior Proposition Marketing Manager / B2B Marketing Manager London, ****k, car, bonus, excellent benefits. Working for a high profile global B2B services and software organisation, the Senior Product Marketing Manager / Senior Proposition Marketing Manager / B2B Marketing Manager role involves defining and articulating the value proposition for a number of product lines and vertical markets. The Senior Product Marketing Manager / Senior Proposition Marketing Manager / B2B Marketing Manager will: Devise and own the Go To Market Plan for the roll out of new propositions and product line updates to ensure that they meet commercial objectives Brief stakeholders on value propositions and marketing plans to drive delivery, ensuring consistency and quality of implementation through all channels, including sales training and collateral. Analyse, research and understand market, customer and sales needs for your assigned verticals and products in order to accurately position the benefits of Equifax products. Become the expert in your verticals/ propositions within the marketing team. Work with the UK product team to understand Product features and the needs they are designed to address, to ensure you can build strong value statements and customer profiles vs. competitive offerings. Write value proposition/benefit statements and key messages tailored to a range of audiences and work across the team to ensure consistency of message through all media and delivery channels. Be the assigned marketing/go to market owner for key company projects (**** per year), and all assigned product line updates. Feed status, dependencies and issues to programme/project management. Write and own the go to market plan for new propositions or updates, identifying audiences, messages, route/channels to market, budget and all external and internal touch points. Brief functional team members (campaigns, events, presentations, PR, internal comms) and external suppliers sufficiently for them to deliver against your plan; ensure alignment of messaging and that quality of output meets management expectations and agreed objectives. Communicate the benefits of propositions to the sales team and develop sales tools that support the selling process. Work closely with sales to understand common market objections and recommend how to overcome these. Research your verticals and analyse competitive intelligence, to identify opportunities and drive differentiated positioning for Equifax. Plan, forecast and report on budgets associated to your projects and activities. Support the Head of Promotion in building the UK marketing and communication plans. Deliver on ad hoc projects and tasks to support the marketing team as directed by Head of Promotion Candidates for the Senior Product Marketing Manager / Senior Proposition Marketing Manager / B2B Marketing Manager role must have: Previous B2B product marketing / proposition marketing experience for a software, services or consultancy organisation (software licence, software subscription, services, etc). Experience of any of the following vertical sectors Wealth Management (Asset Management, Life, Pensions, IFAs) Finance, Banking, Telco / telecommunications / telecoms, retail or public sector. Experience managing stakeholder relationships across product, sales, business development and other teams. Experience packaging and launching new products or services, targeting business customers, large or small. Intelligent People is a specialist Senior Product Marketing Manager recruitment agency.