Title: Graduate Marketing Communications Officer
Webindex: 69204484
Company: EasyWebRecruitment.com
Description: Graduate Marketing Communications Officer Our client oversees the management of over **** public leisure centres including swimming pools and gyms within London and South East England. They are committed to the provision of leisure and fitness facilities at affordable prices. Position: Graduate Marketing Communications Officer Location: Greenwich Salary: ****k Contract: Fixed Term  12 months ROLE: The Graduate Marketing Communications Officer will manage and monitor through line campaigns (and adhoc materials) across a defined portfolio of brands / key products. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Own the planning, delivery and project management of assigned monthly acquisition / retention marketing campaigns. b) Manage key relationships for a number of areas and adhoc requests from centres. c) Undertake various research projects to assist the senior team on the rebrand / digital projects and other key work streams in the 201213 communications plan. d) Identify, recommend and attend leisure industry / marketing / social enterprise exhibitions and events. To undertake endtoend project management for marketing communications projects, from briefing, concepts through to delivery, communicating with all parties during the project to ensure all stakeholders are informed and up to date. e) Ensure stakeholders are well informed of leisure programme and prices information and accurately reflected within the brand guidelines. f) Assisting PR outcomes for allocated areas including influencing the briefing or assisting write press releases and news articles; briefing the PR agency if applicable. g) Creation of marketing communications materials / support for campaigns and their directed events and initiatives. h) Managing relationships with suppliers of marketing services; and procurement of marketing services in line with their procurement policies. i) Direct Marketing and digital emarketing, updating mailing databases from members or new prospects for regular mailing of relevant and specific timely offers. j) Carrying out market research and customer surveys to assess demand, brand positioning and awareness. k) Input into annual marketing plans and review on a quarterly basis to ensure objectives still relevant and targets being met. l) Management of supplier and other stakeholder relationships including creative and print management agencies, web developer/designers, Council and other government departments. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Degree in Marketing or equivalent. b) Knowledge of the marketing environment, processes to mix of online and offline campaigns and contribution of marketing ideas. c) Good understanding of the characteristics and qualities that customers want from leisure / health and fitness centres. d) Ability to interpret requirements from leisure centre and Head Office requests into marketing brief, managing projects from brief to end delivery. e) A fast learner with the ability to juggle varying projects at the one time. f) Confidence to manage a multitude of projects. g) Able to deal with customers and their queries and concerns with tact and sensitivity. h) Understanding of financial control, budgeting and monitoring. i) Track record of effective marketing support achieving deadlines and able to multi task. Attention to detail in checking copy and other elements of marketing outputs both online and offline. You may have experience of the following: Marketing Communications Coordinator, Digital Marketing Executive, Design Agency Management, Graduate, Intern, Online Marketing Executive, Events Assistant, Marketing Intern, Internship, Marcoms, Email Marketing, Print Agency Management, Marketing Graduate, Website Content Management System, Copywriting, Direct Marketing, Marketing and Communications Officer, PR Officer, Public Relations, Graduate Marketing Communications Officer, etc. This vacancy is being advertised by EasyWebRecruitment.com, the UK?s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by EasyWebRecruitment.com are those of an employment agency.