Title: Content Marketing and New Business Development Executive
Webindex: 71745067
Company: Recruitment Genius
Description: Based in Putney, SW15, one of the UK's leading online news and online content providers requires a Content Marketing and Business Development Executive to support its expansion in the UK market. Part of the role involves managing the endtoend customer relationship, demonstrating ROI, ensuring the seamless delivery of exceptional service, focusing on customer and revenue retention. This will require you to research and interpret data in order to create and develop effective content marketing strategies for your clients with the aim of achieving set KPI goals and objectives. Project managing the setup of new customers will involve liaising between the client, and their editorial, search optimisation and technical teams. The other part of the role is to generate demand for their content marketing services, both from existing customers and from new prospects. You would be required to followup on leads created by other members of the team and demonstrate their services to the prospects using screensharing to provide examples, explaining how we can help them gain more leads and sales. Your profile: You are intelligent, articulate and persuasive, with at least two years of commercial experience, preferably in an online marketing or media sales role. Telephone experience is a must, and you will have an excellent telephone manner. You will have exceptional written and verbal communication/questioning skills, and be very confident presenting webinars and winning over skeptical audiences. Your past career experience will demonstrate confidence, authority, professionalism and ambition. You will be extremely organised, pay close attention to detail and, as an exceedingly proficient manager of time, you will be able to coolly handle multiple projects simultaneously. You will be ambitious and willing to learn and adapt in this fastmoving industry. Experience in content strategy and online marketing would be an advantage. Salary DOE ****  ****k  performance bonus