Title: Online Community Manager  London
Webindex: 72490452
Company: Inspiring Interns
Description: We&****re looking for an Online Comunity Manager for a marketleading events, training and online community for the shared services and outsourcing community business. Starting salary: &pound**** OTE. Tasks & responsibilities: You will generate content marketing across podcasts, articles, blogs, and webinars and develop paid seminars. You will work with the our client&rsquos portal editor, authors or subject matter experts in the military arena and other members of the editorial and event production teams You will help to research and write content and will review materials for readability, flow, overall topic and style. You will contribute to the development of content related to the military services of the world. You will record podcasts and in person interviews with military officials at all levels from lower enlisted up to general officers. You will repurpose, published and promote such content via online communications and on online business and social platforms. Any additional responsibilities and/or duties that your supervisor and/or Managing Director may require in accordance with the needs of your department. The ideal candidate will have: Bachelor&rsquos degree. 25 years of experience preferably in the online space or industry specific publication/online community in an editorial and communications capacity. Fast learner with the ability to edit and understand new content. Proficiency using Microsoft Office (including Word, Access, Excel, and PowerPoint). Savvy in marketing and communications in the online space including social media and online platforms. Detail oriented and organized. Aptitude for computers and comfortable learning and using new software and technology. Selfdirected and able to work independently with minimal supervision and direction. Ability to prioritize and handle multiple tasks in a fastchanging environment. Strong communication skills and ability to work with a wide variety of individuals at all levels. APPLY NOW