Title: Marketing Graduate  Trainee role
Webindex: 72680186
Company: Carrington Knight Associates
Description: A Marketing Graduate is required to work for a fast growing Digital business based in Zone **** , London. This is a great opportunity and please read on for more details. Overview Challenge The Marketing Assistant is responsible for supporting and coordinating the development and execution of the Marketing Plan. The Marketing Assistant will cover the day to day activities of the Marketing Department and provide an invaluable support to the Marketing Team and Category Management Team. Responsibilities  Onsite o To work with the Marketing Category Management Team to coordinate, manage and execute Event/Category Campaigns onsite based on the Marketing Calendar o To brief the Design Team with campaign details and banner creatives based on the master marketing plan, and to ensure timely project delivery. o To effectively carry out onsite merchandising; including setting best sellers, featured products and cross sell/up sell merchandising initiatives.  SEO o Updating and improving onsite content and maintenance of targeted keywords and phrases based on feedback from the SEO Team. o To effectively wright product copy for new and existing products, ensuring at all times attention to detail and SEO benefits.  Blogging PR o To plan and execute copy for weekly blogs for onsite content, working with the PR team to establish relevant content and liaise with SEO team to publish across different networks. o To liaise with the PR agency to ensure they are current on all campaigns and to provide ad hoc support on PR related matters.  Reporting Analytics o Web traffic and source analytics monitoring and reporting against key performance indicators, including bounce and exit reports. o Prepare progress reports/status updates monthly/weekly for assigned tasks and initiatives Key Skills  Being selfmotivated and proactive.  Being able to work with a team.  Commercial awareness  Having competent communication abilities.  Having high attention to details.  Being able to work on different projects at the same time.  Having good planning skills.  Having IT skills.  Being able to create reports.  Willingness to learn Education/Qualifications  Degree, ideally in marketing or experience in sector to compensate  GCSE s in Maths/English both above B