Title: Account Manager/ Senior Account Manager  B2B  Top 10 Agency
Webindex: 69537369
Company: Reuben Sinclair
Description: Account Manager /Senior Account Manager B2B Top 10 Agency The company: This is a perfect opportunity to be part of a rapidly expanding agency delivering digital and traditional PR communications campaigns in the Technology sector and beyond. This award winning agency thrives on enthusiasm and the flat structure they have in place. It s a fast paced communication agency that is without a doubt one of the best places to have fun and enjoy excelling as your PR communications career progresses. Work life balance is key to our client they expect people to be committed and work hard but understand life isn t all about work Flexi time, home working, laptop, BlackBerrys, travel to work scheme are just some things they have in place to make your life easier. This role would ideally suit an Account Manager looking for their next move up the career ladder to Senior Account Manager The Media, Marketing and Telecoms team is looking for: A communication consultant that has excellent client handling skills and is experienced in people management. Someone who had previous experience in new business as our client is growing fast. Also extensive agency PR communications experience with a passion for great B2B PR is required. Ideally you will have worked for at least one major brand and be knowledgeable in the specialist areas of telecoms, IT and enterprise software or media and marketing. Experience Required: Leadership of a portfolio of B2B clients, predominantly in the media and marketing Telecoms space but also covering telecoms and consumer brands, providing creative input and actively managing projects to deliver outstanding results Campaign management, owning the daytoday relationship with clients Budget management; supporting resource allocation and planning Industry monitoring; building up and providing insight into the competitive landscape Management of account teams to achieve superb results and develop their careers Growing the client portfolio Active involvement in new business and marketing activities Line management responsibilities nurturing and developing line report/s Drive both traditional and digital PR campaigns Ability to make a contribution across the wider business In return you get .  Competitive salary  bonus  Blackberry  laptop  Travel  25 days holiday  birthday off  Duvet day  Gym  Flexitime. If this is something you feel interests you don t hesitate to pick up the phone or email Emily for more information. **** **** **** or email emilynreubensinclair.com