Title: Senior Medical Writer  Bucks  part homebased considered
Webindex: 68671366
Company: Fresh Connect Recruitment
Description: An established Medical Communications agency which has a great reputation within the industry, has an opening for a polished and professional Senior Medical Writer and may consider those wishing to work from home part of the week (up to 2 days). This company is looking for someone with exceptional writing skills and a natural ability to consult effectively with clients. To be eligible for this role you must be able to confidently work across a diverse range of therapeutic areas with precision. As Senior Medical Writer, you will be responsible for producing a variety of high quality medical and scientific materials. You will possess a demonstrable and indepth scientific/medical understanding as well as a keen eye for detail. A scientific or medical related degree is therefore essential to be considered for this position. The right person for this role will have the ability to write accurately, clearly and concisely and also have the skill to proofread, edit and mentor more junior members of the writing team. The successful candidate will have a good science/medical degree, along with previous experience working as a medical writer within a medical communications agency. The successful candidate will also need clear enthusiasm for communicating scientific ideas. This interesting role will see you developing your career amongst leading experts in the pharmaceutical industry. This is a phenomenal opportunity to make your mark and reap rewards that many companies do not offer. This is potentially a part homeworking and part officebased role, so it is therefore suitable for someone who is looking for a more flexible position. To boost your Medical Communications career within a flexible and supportive environment, apply now For this and similar vacancies, please contact Gary Hoult on **** **** **** or email garyfreshconnect.co.uk Senior Medical Writer, Medical Writer, Medical Comms, Medical Communications, Medical Education, Med Ed, Home Working, WorkFromHome, Bucks, Buckinghamshire. Senior Medical Writer, Medical Writer, Medical Comms, Medical Communications, Medical Education, Med Ed, Home Working, WorkFromHome, Bucks, Buckinghamshire. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorMedicalWriterBucksparthomebasedconsidered_job****