Title: Digital Media Manager
Webindex: 68000319
Company: Monitor
Description: Digital Media Manager Monitor the independent regulator for health care Central London Permanent Monitor plays a pivotal role in regulating the health sector. Working at Monitor is rewarding, challenging and makes a real difference to people's lives. Monitor has established a reputation for being a professional, knowledgeable and focused organisation. Its staff have helped to build this reputation and Monitor is keen to recruit new, exceptional people who will enhance and maintain the high standards it prides itself on. Monitor was set up in **** as the independent regulator of NHS foundation trusts. The Health and Social Care Act 2012 changes the way health care is regulated and Monitor's role will grow significantly during 2013 as it takes on the new responsibilities set out in the Act. As the new sector regulator for health care, Monitor's main duty is to protect and promote the interests of people who use health care services. This means creating incentives for all parts of the NHS  commissioners and providers  to work together and deliver the best possible care for patients. It also means making sure information is available to help them do this and to help patients get the best out of the NHS themselves. Finally, it means setting ground rules for all those who provide NHS services. These rules will support the choices patients make and protect the interests of taxpayers too, ensuring the resources for health care are used efficiently and fairly. This is an exciting role in Monitor's Strategic Communications team. You will contribute to enhancing Monitor's reputation by building on its website, digital and social media presence, with the aim of significantly increasing awareness, understanding of and engagement with the organisation. You'll be responsible for developing and implementing the digital and social media strategy, and taking the lead on driving innovation and recommending creative solutions. Your role will be to ensure that Monitor's digital channels and content are engaging, compelling, timely and, vitally, consider the needs of our stakeholders. You'll also advise the leadership team and build strong internal relationships. Who we're looking for Candidates will have strong experience in writing digital and social media strategies and will have worked in a senior digital position for a high profile and complex organisation. You'll have an impressive track record of managing complex digital projects, with evidence of measurable impact. You must be a strategic thinker and excellent line manager with the experience and gravitas to develop your team and build strong stakeholder relationships. If you would like to apply for this role, please click on the 'Apply now' button.