Title: Media Planner
Webindex: 67756445
Description: MarketReach Media Planner A real opportunity. A real planning opportunity. In an increasingly digital world, there has never been a greater need for a marketing component that is real  something that reaches real people, in real homes, with real things. Mail is the real world medium: the marketing tool that works in the real world, using real things to deliver real action from real people. The Business In April 2012 Royal Mail launched a new media business called MarketReach, to the top advertisers and their agencies. MarketReach helps businesses change consumer behaviour in the market, surprises and inspires their customers and deliver best in class direct campaigns that drive action, linked with the power of Royal Mail. MarketReach offers everything needed to successfully integrate physical communications into marketing campaigns, from brief to customer s doormat. We have a suite of products and services for each stage of the value chain focusing around planning, creative, data, print and production, distribution and response, and evaluation. Royal Mail is a business with a proud heritage. Every day it delivers 62 million items to around 29 million addresses. The Royal Mail, Post Office and Parcelforce brands are amongst the best known in the country. But what really sets us apart isn t what we re doing now; it s what we ll be doing in the future. We are transforming our business, growing our revenues and maximising the opportunities in the market. It s a challenging and exciting time, and unique in its scale and variety. The Role Accountabilities: A successful applicant must be able to work with clients and the media sales team to help understand the client's business and advertising objectives. Through this you will be responsible for bringing together all the media insight for each individual proactive and reactive client pitch to win new revenue for Royal Mail against revenue KPi s. You must be able to; create detailed proposals, with media and cost schedules and management of Royal Mail (Market Reach) pitch budget. Liaise with data planners and additional creative/ production services if needed. And be able to own the media planning best practices feeding into the monthly reviews and business improvement e.g. use of market leading tools including touch points / TGI. Another key aspect of the role is to be able to identify target audiences and analysing their characteristics, behaviour and media habits to link with data planners. Competencies: As a successful applicant you must be an excellent problem solver, be able to have the ability to turn media and audience knowledge into compelling and persuasive brief for MarketReach (Royal Mail) sales to pitch to clients. You must have the ability to work in a highpressure role and meet client deadlines. Have a full media understanding and expert opinion in all digital and direct media.