Title: Media Insight Executive
Webindex: 68813651
Company: Oxygen Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: Our client is a leading media company in the world of sport and house a number of leading properties across a host of different media channels. They also house the rights to various leading sporting events, further cementing their strength in this area. A position has arisen within their central insight team and we re searching for a bright and considered research professional to join them working across a number of areas of the business. You will work closely with the relevant commercial sales teams to provide insight using a number of different research systems to further aid them in remaining the best in their markets from a new business perspective. You will therefore provide insightful and relevant information across a number of sectors which will be presented to leading media agencies and their clients to demonstrate the relevance and benefit of these channels and the propositions the company offers. You will also gain wider exposure across other areas of the business which will see you providing insight across programme research, the international markets and relevant regional sites and you will be fully involved in print, digital and radio while working hard to demonstrate effectiveness against other competitor media channels. In the interests of brining factual data and insight to life you will also be fully involved in designing thought provoking presentations so will be able to combine solid research and insight skills with a creative mind. To be considered for this opportunity you will ideally have a solid grounding within the media research area and will therefore be comfortable with providing insight to the ever changing and evolving media market. Specific media channel experience isn t essential and although there is a preference for someone from a media owner research background, there is some flexibility to consider people from a relevant research agency or media agency planning/research capacity. You will therefore have solid experience of working with relevant research tools. There is a wider possibility to consider someone from another sector to media if you can demonstrate solid research and insight skill and show a real passion for this particular market. It is anticipated that you will have worked in research/insight for upwards of 12 months. In addition to this you will have a creative flair to compile excellent presentations and will have fantastic rapport building skills which will see you working with people at all levels from Exec to senior director. A passion for the sports market will also serve you well in this position.