Title: Senior Digital Communications Officer  Chief Executives
Webindex: 62012548
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Senior Digital Communications Officer  Chief Executives Reference no: Croydon **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: CR**** **** What s involved with this role: To act as the lead for digital communication projects at Croydon Council. Reporting to (and deputising for) the Digital Communications Manager, this role involves taking the lead on a number of digital projects across Croydon Council. Supporting the External Communications Team, you will be responsible for creating and managing digital projects including overseeing the council s social media activities, managing the council s online website portfolio, and implementing digital solutions to support the council s communications and access strategies. Responsible for the day to day management of the Digital Communications Officers regarding the quality of their work. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice A CIPR/CAM/CIM qualification or equivalent work experience An excellent understanding of online and digital communications tools, ideally within a large government or third sector environment Experience of advising, educating and influencing organisations on the best use of digital communications Experience of developing and managing internal and external digital communication projects within specification, time and budget Strong knowledge of digital design, information architecture, usability and accessibility Experience of managing social media campaigns and ideally developing social media strategies and guidance An understanding of underlying digital technologies (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) Strong news sense, including a comprehensive knowledge of the different needs of digital media Experience of managing and writing web content Strong keyboard and Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Chief Executives/Communications/Digital Media Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 6 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited