Title: Marketing Trainee: No Experience Necessary
Webindex: 70333196
Company: GM Business Communications
Description: Start a new opportunity in sales and marketing with full product training provided. Maybe you don t possess the experience (yet) but you re looking to gain experience that allows you to manage your own lifestyle? Then this might be just for you. Representing some of the UKs biggest bluechip companies and brands, GM BUSINESS COMMUNICATIONS in Birmingham is brand new and looking to recruit **** ALL STARS to their organization. Providing our clients with some of the most effective ways of targeting their market, GM BUSINESS COMMUNICATIONS have become the heartbeat of their customer base. Due to rapid growth followed by the success, we have now recognized the need in growing our Sales and Marketing department. It is a fantastic opportunity for the right candidate to join a vibrant and dynamic team who have acquired an exceptional track record of successfully executed campaigns. Previous experience is not essential as an opportunity to learn the business and industry inside out will be provided for the successful candidate. However, previous experience will be a definite plus. Areas we focus in:  Sales  Marketing  Customer Service  Brand Management  Promotional campaigns  Recruitment Your Profile:  Strong sense of customer service  Ability to blend into a busy sales/marketing environment  Strong relationship building skills, with a positive and enthusiastic outlook  Strong communication and presentation skills  Team player  Excellent image  Competitive/winning mentality All of the above, teamed with a head full of ideas, excellent influencing skills and the common sense to make the most of opportunities that arise are essential. Please note that FULLTIME and an IMMEDIATE STARTS are preferred. What happens next: Successful applicants will be contacted by phone or email within **** hours and invited for an initial face to face meeting. Selected applicants will then be invited back to observe a full day in the field. This is part of the assessment process and therefore applicants will not be entitled to compensation. This will allow both parties to make an educated final decision. Applicants that are given the opportunity to represent our clients will then be offered full support and guidance, and access to producttraining workshops. Earnings are based entirely on completed applications and sales.