Title: Marketing Analyst  Acquisition
Webindex: 72694105
Company: Blue Pelican
Description: Do you have a background in the analysis of marketing activity? Would working in a rapid insight function appeal to you? Working in support of fast paced acquisition marketing team? Do you want to join a company that’s growing and ambitious? Then we could have the opportunity for you. We’re recruiting on behalf of an entrepreneurial organisation who are set to experience rapid organic growth over the next couple of years. As a Marketing Analyst you will work in support of the Director of Marketing Acquisition, undertaking analysis projects across their customer and target portfolio. Your analysis work will support the function, monitoring and reporting on the effectiveness of campaigns, looking at the various channels, identifying the best ways of optimising marketing spend which delivers best ROI, looking at ways and means of improving channel effectiveness and marketing ROI through the insight you produce. You will often be dealing with test and learn work linked to the targeting of potential campaigns, helping to tweak these to continuously improve their effectiveness, as well as getting involved with broader insight work which all helps to improve the marketing acquisition team’s effectiveness. This is not a hardcore data processing role and it’s not a basic data production role. The company is looking for you to have a strong commercial appreciation of what’s important about the analysis work you deliver and how it in turn helps the rest of the business to be effective in their own delivery through your insight. You will need to interface with statistical analysts as part of your role, so you need to be comfortable talking their language whilst also being comfortable talking with the nontechnical marketing function too. Strong Excel skills are a must, some exposure to tools like SAS will be beneficial but not a prerequisite. For more information please contact Colin Doree at Blue Pelican today Title: Marketing Analyst  Acquisition Location: Near Maidstone & West Malling, Kent Salary: ****[blocked],**** base Benefits: Good bonus and comprehensive benefits package Experience Required:  This role would suit a high achieving, highly motivated and numerate graduate with a little commercial experience, or someone with established experience in a marketing analysis, media analysis type role  You’ve got to understand marketing analytics, planning and can develop your analysis findings into insight and intelligence  Preferably, you’ve had experience working on something like portfolio analytics (so a body of work covering multiple things), understanding how to balance and drive performance across a range of products – rather than just being aligned to the one product or campaign  Must be highly numerate, preferably demonstrated through academia – since the position will be dealing with a lot of data and complex analysis  Strong Excel skills, must know how to do pivot tables and vlook ups  Solid understanding of how to link analysis to the commercials and deliver appropriate insight  Driven, interested in personal development and keen to grow your career in a marketing analytics field  Must have the necessary visas to live and work in the EU TO APPLY For further information please contact: Colin Doree Managing Consultant – Blue Pelican Marketing [blocked] colin.doreebluepelican.com About Us Honest, ethical, professional, knowledgeable, Recruitment Experts. Blue Pelican Marketing is one of the UK’s leading marketing recruitment agencies providing a truly consultative service. We adhere to the Blue Pelican Standards (www.bluepelican.com/aboutus/bluepelicanstandards), assuring you of an enhanced level of service whether you deal with us as client or candidate. You can view all our vacancies on our web site www.bluepelican.com, or call [blocked] and ask for the marketing division.