Title: Marketing and Communications Assistant
Webindex: 69247777
Company: SARGENTDISC
Description: Based at Pinewood Studios, SargentDisc is the UK’s leading supplier of integrated payroll, residual, accounting and software services for the production industry. As the European affiliate of Entertainment Partners we offer a global network to help producers deliver national and international productions, cost effectively and efficiently. Our clients include the major Hollywood studios, broadcasters, independent film and television producers in the UK and abroad. Credits include Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, Frankenweenie, The Dark Knight Rises, Great Expectations, War Horse, We Need to Talk About Kevin, Shame, Harry Potter and the Deathly HallowsPart **** and Downton Abbey. **** Job Description Main Functions: Update and administer the SargentDisc customer newsletters, records and other databases used by the company. Research and the provision of summary digests as required, including the tracking of domestic and international film and television production. Assist with marketing and communications activities such as: updating the company website and other online profiles; communication with clients and resellers; producing and distributing promotional print and online materials; organising academic/training activities and events. General administrative support as required, including: drafting documents/letters; organising meetings, coordinating attendance and producing minutes; other administration duties as required Work with other SargentDisc team members as required The post may involve occasional unsocial hours at weekends and in the evenings. **** Person Specification SargentDisc is looking for a calm, well organised Marketing and Communications Assistant, with good communication skills and an attention to detail to join the company. Knowledge, Skills, Experience and Personal Qualities: Essential: Educational Qualification: BA Honours Degree or above. Strong administration skills with office experience covering a range of systems and procedures including: accurate data entry; databases; maintenance of effective physical and electronic filing systems and records; an ability to organise meetings and diaries, take minutes and undertake research. Experience of assisting with the production of print and online marketing materials, communication tools and events. First class written English, strong drafting skills for clear and professional written communications. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills for good working relationships with external companies, clients, agencies and internally. Ability to deal with a variety of enquiries (by phone and email), and at ease in all social settings. Computer literate  an experienced user of Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint packages, preferably version 2010. Ability to prioritise and deal with a high volume and varied workload Ability to coordinate and work cooperatively with colleagues. A commitment to developing additional skills. A commitment to the work of SargentDisc and an interest in the film and television industries. Desirable: Experience of assisting with web editing and social media. Familiarity with graphic software packages. European languages and in particular Spanish and/or German.