Title: Legal Conference Producer
Webindex: 71844621
Company: ALBANY APPOINTMENTS
Description: Are you a Lawyer looking for a change of career? Do you want to liaise with industry leaders? To research and provide invaluable business intelligence to corporate decision makers? Then maybe a career as a Conference Producer is for you An established Conference and Events company is looking for a Legal Conference Producer to join their team. They currently operate as a think tank: monitoring trends and developments in all major industry sectors, the law, and emerging markets whilst providing invaluable business intelligence to corporate decision makers around the world. Based in London, this company produces **** European events a year; to include conferences, summits, lectures, handson workshops, panels, roundtables and case studies. They are looking for a Lawyer who is looking for a change of a career to join their Legal Conferences team as a Conference Producer. The role is offering ****  **** per annum  profit share Reporting to the Divisional Manager, the Legal Conference Producer would be responsible for; Analysing research and using critical thinking to develop commercial conference programs that meet the need of the stated market Identify, invite and confirm appropriate speakers for conferences Conduct ongoing research within assigned area to further industry knowledge and develop potential new conference ideas Liaising with both the Marketing and Sponsorship Departments to provide the strategic information required to market conferences and obtain appropriate sponsorship Write marketing copy for promotional conference brochures, and other mailing pieces. The successful candidate will; Ideally be a lawyer looking for a change of career (not in immigration / family / property employment law) Have the ability to rapidly develop competent knowledge on diverse topics Be able to conduct indepth research through various channels Have creativity, be resourceful and adopts an innovative approach to their work Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Not the right role for you? Recommend a friend or colleague and, upon successful placement, receive **** worth of vouchers Please note, we cannot respond to all applications. Should you not hear from us within **** working days then please consider your application unsuccessful on this occasion.