Title: Marketing Sales Assistant  Entertainment/Gaming
Webindex: 69091925
Company: DK Connect
Description: Marketing Sales Assistant  Entertainment/Gaming Belfast DK Connect in Belfast is looking for **** people with a passion for marketing and/or sales and a desire to achieve success. We just took on LOVEFiLM our newest client in the entertainment industry and we need to grow ASAP in order to keep up with their demand. Growth opportunities will become available, so if you’re looking for a foot in the door and meet the following specifics, we’d love to hear from you Are you at least **** years old able to commute to Belfast? Can you achieve individual targets and contribute in a team environment? Are you looking for an opportunity to combine your personal interests and career goals? If so, we d like to meet you Our primary client is the UK’s leading provider of film and game rental services through the post and digital streaming. We want to help them increase their market share in the Belfast area, so we target local residences facetoface to offer their service. Earnings and growth are based on your individual sales results, so the more you put in, the more you get out In 20**** we’ll be expanding here in the UK, so over the next 6 months we’ll be developing people to lead and manage campaigns and sales teams. We have a structured Business Development Programme in place for people that produce results and have an interest in growing in our industry Marketig Sales Assistant  Entertainment/Gaming Requirements: Above average sales or customer service skills and a desire to work with customers Must be over 18 (in order to signup new customers) and eligible to work in the UK (local residents are preferred, but we will also consider those looking to relocate to Belfast) Film or Video Game knowledge is helpful, but not required (product training is offered) The more you put in, the more you get out, so full time availability is recommended A strong work ethic and desire to succeed are recommended because earnings growth are both performancebased Smart dress and a professional attitude are encouraged because we meet with customers facetoface Must be able to work independently and within a team environment SEND YOUR CV TODAY  We have multiple spots to fill, but we ve already begun the selection process Please send your CV to Kerryanne through the online application process. We aim to contact successful applicants within 13 working days via email or phone (so please be sure to include your current contact details). We will be inviting selected applicants to spend a full, unearned day observing someone in the field before a final decision is reached. You’ll be observing rather than taking an active role in the sales process, which means you will not be entitled to compensation. This helps us both make a more educated decision about your ability to represent our client.