Title: Marketing Manager, Media Owner
Webindex: 70254007
Company: Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment
Description: My client is a Global Media Owner with a fantastic heritage and an awardwinning portfolio. Following a restructure within their marketing team, they are now looking for excellent senior marketing talent to join as Marketing Manager. DUTIES  Develop and implement the Strategic Marketing plan with the Director of Marketing  Conceptualise, develop and implement successful B2B market propositions and gotomarket strategies for new and existing products that contribute effectively to the company and division`s strategic aims and objectives. Communicate these across multiple channels including online, print, presentations and social media  Provide the SWOT analysis on product and sector performance with relevant feedback loop into the Strategic Marketing Plan.  Track the development pipe and keep uptodate with developments in place ensuring this feeds into the marketing plan  Work with Sales team to produce ongoing communications, sales presentations and collateral  Develop and launch product and audience networks for sale  Ensure assets are classified for both audience, geographical and physical capabilities  Use audience measurement tools to enable relevant audience networks to be launched and to feed into the strategic development plan for developing products that reach desired target audiences  Plan and implement appropriate research to support and give insight into the product and audience  Translate research findings into meaningful gotomarket messages  Working with the Development Director and Director of Marketing  Product devise and produce corporate tender responses as and when they arise  Manage and maintain relevant sections of the company website ensuring all information is up to date, onbrand and onmessage  Manage the marketing budget for the division and give regular tracking updates to the Director of Marketing. SKILLS QUALIFICATIONS Degree educated Marketing qualifications preferable e.g. CIM or degree level 5 years` experience in a similar role Good copy writing skills Experience of working with research methodologies and data preferable Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment specialises in marketing jobs across Creative, PR, Clientside, Account Handling and Executive. We offer unrivalled opportunities across all specialisms and industry sectors, presenting you with only the best marketing jobs. Although we try to respond to all applications, the high number we receive means this isn`t always possible. If you have not heard from us within **** hours, please assume that your application has not been successful. For more information, visit www.blueskiescareers.co.uk and we`ll make sure we do our best to find you the perfect marketing role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingManagerMediaOwner_job****