Title: Product Marketing Manager – make your mark
Webindex: 69247957
Company: RESEARCH TALENT HUB
Description: Product Marketing Manager make your mark Salary: ****  ****  bonus Location: Central London THE ROLE / COMPANY: A great opportunity for an experienced Product Marketing Manager with a flair for producing creative marketing collateral to oversee new and innovative product in the UK. This is an incredibly diverse and rewarding role You will work for an exciting new venture between a global brand in the mobile industry and a ground breaking market research / business intelligence house. Day to day responsibilities will include assessment of (and strategic reaction to) competitive offerings, investigation of client needs, external product positioning, messaging and collateral. The successful candidate will drive and develop local marketing material for the newly launched product including press releases, launch materials, client presentations, promotional films, advertising, online and social media activity. In this important role, you will need to quickly become an expert on the product, the market, the client list, and competition and be able to translate this knowledge into high impact materials that clearly communicate the value of the Product to the marketplace. ABOUT YOU: This role requires an extremely creative, talented and dedicated Product Marketing Manager with strong business knowledge and excellent organisational abilities. You will need to build relationships with key stakeholders internality (across both businesses) and externally hence superb communication skills are essential. You are highly energetic, passionate and driven with oozes of selfconfidence and charm. You ve got firstclass presentation skills and amazing writing skills (highimpact sales materials). It s essential that you are an established Product Marketing Manager with about 5 years plus product marketing experience. You are proud of your track record developing effective and creative marketing collateral, such as web content, slip sheets, sales materials and case studies (we d like to see some evidence of these with your application). You have also a proven track record of establishing credibility with key customers, prospects and business partners, sales, customer support and development.