Title: Consumer Content Editor – Online Copy
Webindex: 69168371
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Consumer Content Editor  Online Copy Lichfield, Staffordshire Up to **** DOE Our client specialises in affiliate marketing and online comparison tools and content. An opportunity has now arisen for a Consumer Content Editor to join their team. This is the ideal role for an accomplished writer with superb knowledge of SEO and social networking sites looking to join a thriving company. Our client offers an exciting and fastpaced environment in a citycentre location with excellent transport links. As the Consumer Content Editor, you will be responsible for managing all digital output from the third party content to freelance contributions. Acting as a consumer champion, you will gather leads, research materials and generate compelling copy in a timely fashion. Your role will be to improve brand awareness and drove traffic to various areas of the site. You will aim to build upon out client's excellent reputation as an authority in their business sector. Acting as the main voice for our client, you will liaise with the commercial team and the CEO in order to deliver a wide range of quality online publications, such as news, blogs and guides. To be considered, you must have:  A thorough understanding of SEO, Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook  Ability to manipulate internal CMS  A relevant degree in journalism or similar As the Consumer Content Editor, you must have excellent interpersonal and communication skills, both written and verbal. You must also be innovative and determined to achieve outstanding results. To apply for the role of Consumer Content Editor (Online Copy), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Consumer Content Editor, Online Copy, Editor, Creative Writer, Content Editor, Journalist, Copywriter, Content Administrator, Content Editor, Creative Writing. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ConsumerContentEditorOnlineCopy_job****