Title: Strategic Marketing and Planning Manager
Webindex: 72447697
Company: Decostyle Recruitment
Description: Our client is an industry leading corporate that works across a variety of sectors including financial services, telecommunications, public sector and utilities. Due to continued growth and expansion they are searching for an experienced Strategic Marketing and Planning Manager to join their highly successful team. The role will be based out of their London offices. The Strategic Marketing and Planning Manager will be a strategic thinker and business planner. Ideally from a Consultancy background with a practical and insightful approach, the Strategic Marketing and Planning Manager will work with the Marketing Director, developing the UK Growth Playbook and Strategy Plan including ongoing management, development and analysis of the Growth Playbook and key verticals alongside the UK Vertical Market Leaders. The Strategic Marketing and Planning Manager will identify key growth verticals, market types, audiences and market segmentation. They will be expected to analyse the organization, customers, competitors and the business environment in which our client operates and from here they will provide objective advice and expertise skills with the aim of creating value, maximizing growth and improving the business performance. Primarily concerned with the strategy, management and operations the Strategic Marketing and Planning Manager will assist by identifying options with recommendations. Key Duties to include:  Generate insight to test and challenge the growth playbook strategy agenda.  Play a significant role in thought leadership, project and stakeholder management to stimulate and challenge the thinking of the management team.  Own the process and input for UK business cases and board papers.  Work directly with the Managing Director, Finance Director and Marketing Director in the development of International Board presentations and reports.  Provide a structured approach to problem solving, to diagnose, structure and evaluate strategic issues in a way that produces innovative insights and solutions.  Generate business insights through research, market and financial analysis and modelling (both qualitative and quantitative); delivering structured hypotheses coupled with business acumen.  Provide Executive Management with relevant, accurate, reliable, valid, and current information to assess the competitive marketing environment.  Support and manage the Strategic Planning process;  Work with the Marketing Director to deliver full strategic reviews and annual strategy refreshes. We are looking for someone who can demonstrate success at a senior level in both strategic marketing and planning in a business to business environment. The successful Strategic Marketing and Planning Manager will have excellent stakeholder engagement skills up to Executive level and a proven track record of delivering marketing strategy. This is an excellent opportunity to work for an industry leading organisation, with excellent training and a clear and established career path. So if you feel that you have the necessary experience and credentials, please apply now for immediate consideration. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/StrategicMarketingandPlanningManager_job****