Title: Senior Account Manager  ****k, below the line and shopper marketing
Webindex: 70087738
Company: MODA consult
Description: Senior Account Manager, ****k We are looking for a strong Senior Account Manager to join a top London agency, working on a range of clients. The agency is one of the best in it field, and they have a great reputation. The successful Senior Account Manager will have the opportunity to work across **** leading brands. This role would be great for you CV. The successful Senior Account Manager will have a fantastic agency track record, and ideally you'll be comfortable working on shopper marketing, FMCG or retail marketing / advertising. We're looking for a Senior Account Manager with at least 4 years agency experience, and you'll be confident managing a number of projects at any one given time. The Senior Account Manager will have excellent business acumen, ambition, drive with an entrepreneurial approach to your work. The Senior Account Manager must have excellent attention to detail, with a good eye for creativity. The Senior Account Manager must have retailer or FMCG experience ideally, and the ambition to produce best in class work within the retail environment and to work collaborately with the wider team within the agency. The Senior Account Manager will work closely with the loop team, to develop integrated campaigns. The Senior Account Manager will support the Senior Account Director, helping to build strong relationships with clients at all levels. You'll work very closely with the creatives and planners, and the Senior Account Manager will assist the Account Manager. We're looking for a Senior Account Manager who is ambitious, with a passion for people, brands, retail, culture and life. You'll be a Senior Account Manager who has a magnetic personality, and you'll be somone who can inspire others. Educated to degree level, we're looking for a strong Senior Account Manager who has good agency experience. You'll get retail, shopper marketing and advertising and you'll be a Senior Account Manager who can lead clients. It's a great agency and they're going to have a good 2013. They're looking for a Senior Account Manager who can come in and really make a difference on this account. The Senior Account Manager will genuinely be able to add value to this client, and we're looking for someone who has an ambitious attitude. The Senior Account Manager will also work on digital campaigns, and how shoppers interact with brands from a digital perspective. There are opportunities to genuinely grow your skill set, and develop as an account handler at an agency like this. If you are an experienced Senior Account Manager then we want to hear from you immediately. This is a great role, so get in touch today if you're a Senior Account Manager looking for a new challenge. Senior your CV to rickmodaconsult.co.uk or press Apply Now and send your CV this way. At MODA consult we specialise in agency recruitment, if this role is not right for you then don't worry, we have a number of other roles at Account Manager, Senior Account Manager, Account Director, Senior Account Director and Group Account Director level. Get in touch for more information.