Title: Digital Executive
Webindex: 68694362
Company: Ad Lib
Description: This is an exciting opportunity to make your mark and play a pivotal role managing innovative and creative digital activities to develop and grow the online channel for a thriving, entrepreneurial business, operating across a range of sectors with both B2B and B2C audiences. If you are an ideasdriven, analytical and resultsfocused Digital guru with strong technical skills, read on You will develop and deliver the online strategy and manage the website on a day to day basis; focusing on driving website traffic and conversion, and maximising its potential to engage with B2B and B2C target audiences. From managing content, developing new web pages and applications, and gaining insight through Google analytics, you will work to tight deadlines in an ever changing and fast paced environment ensuring best value and ROI is achieved. You will be heavily involved with key elements of website strategies (conversion, brand, design and usability) including test plans, reporting, optimising and making recommendations wherever possible. With strong technical ability and a creative eye, proven experience in a similar role managing websites along with coding and testing experience is essential. This might have been gained agency or inhouse, either way you will have all round digital knowledge within design and production including CMS experience (ideally Umbraco), Google Analytics, UX UAT, and the ability to create and analyse A/B Multivariant tests . You will be a people person just as happy working autonomously, as in a team, a natural communicator who will relish making this opportunity your own. Knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript (including HTML5,CSS3, jQuery) and Adobe Creative Suite along with a relevant degree qualification is desirable. In return you can expect a salary of up to ****k depending on experience and a passionate, sociable and driven team to become a part of. Please apply now for further information. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DigitalExecutive_job****