Title: Senior User Experience Research Consultant
Webindex: 72684422
Company: Source
Description: Senior User Experience Research Consultant required by small UX consultancy who work with some exciting clients across a wide range of sectors. They specialise in testing and research as well as training but looking to steadily widen their offering through design and production also. You will need to have significant experience as a UX consultant with particular expertise within research and testing as well as management due to there being other consultants who will effectively report to you. This is a varied role within a small team and will suit an enthusiastic, hardworking person with attention to detail. You will lead and manage all user experience activities from proposals, through to delivery. You will understand the whole UX and usercentred design process; from the initial research and testing to creating the wireframes and workflows, and be able to question briefs and suggest innovative methodologies. Your responsibilities will include:  Planning and conducting user research including: usability studies, competitive analysis, user surveys, expert reviews and more.  Leading on all client facing research including stakeholder interviews, kick off meetings, ethnographic studies, user interviews, focus groups, workshops, mobile and tablet usability testing.  Creating presentations and reports, personas, user journeys, wireframes, sitemaps, Axure prototypes, content audits and style guides.  Running training courses for their UX and Mobile UX courses.  Attending UX events in the industry and being a presence and ambassador for the company.  Assist with overall resource planning and forecasting for the whole UX team, and interviewing prospective candidates.  Constantly looking to improve what they do and selling in new ideas to the client.  High standard of report writing and ability to communicate ideas verbally. Admittedly the salary isn't the highest out there compared to others of the same seniority but this is a great opportunity to become a lead figure within a growing business. This will be somewhere UX is the focal point for everything. A nice change to many agency based roles out there Plus there are some great benefits including Healthcare, Pension, Performance related Bonuses as well as commission on leads and even Gadget Allowance The current team are great and will be looking for someone who's just as easy to get along with and of course, professional. Please send your CV ASAP to stand the best chance of getting an interview