Title: Search Marketing Manager (SEO & PPC)
Webindex: 70343473
Company: ARM
Description: Search Marketing Manager (SEO & PPC), C. ****k, West London, Online Brand My client is a growing online luxury retailer based in West London and are seeking a Search Marketing Manager (SEO & PPC) to join the team. The focus of the role will be SEO, however we are looking for ability in handling PPC campaigns. As Search Marketing Manager your main responsibility will be to develop, execute, and maintain all SEO and PPCrelated initiatives for the business. The ideal candidate will be a confident, analytical selfstarter that is able to combine complex data and intuition for aggressive but controlled payperclick investments and take responsibility for growing performance. Key Responsibilities:  Create original content while including necessary keywords, titles and descriptions to improve the performance of our site.  Review and analyze our website, identifying areas for improvement and change relative to SEO.  Develop SEO content to include strategic key phrase placement within compelling copy that maximizes opportunities for indexing, ranking, clickthrough and conversion.  Communicate findings and solutions in detailed written SEO strategy reports and in oral presentations to Marketing team.  Responsible for implementing different strategies such as changing keywords, copy on website, editorial improvements to meet marketing objectives and desired targeted organic search positions.  Consistently look for better ways to design, optimise and execute paid search campaigns  Develop internal and external Link Building strategies to help our website rank well on SERP and drive targeted traffic.  Create/leverage free and paid linking tools for foundational, media and universal link building tactics. Key Skills:  Working knowledge of paid search  can set up campaigns from scratch  Must be passionate about SEO  Proven ability identifying and analyzing competitor techniques and Google indexation & crawlability methodology  Knowledge in technical SEO methodology such as page construction and implementation of optimal site architecture  Knowledge of guiding developers to create a more SEO friendly site The Search Marketing Manager will be rewarded with a generous basic salary and benefits package. This is a great opportunity to join a growing online brand where you can really make your mark from a search marketing point of view. If you are keen to find out more then apply to this ad or contact Alex Marriner, Search Marketing Recruitment Specialist at Advanced Resource Managers on alexmarm.co.uk or call [blocked]. Search Marketing Manager (SEO & PPC), C. ****k, West London, Online Brand This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. We will never send your CV without your permission.