Title: Marketing Intelligence Consultant German or Italian
Webindex: 69992725
Company: Executive Facilities Technology
Description: The Company: Our client enjoys a high profile in the fascinating area of Worldwide Marketing Intelligence in building services technology and related industries. With offices based near Reading they are now seeking a Market Research Analyst who is fluent in Italian or German for the Cabling Solutions and Building Management Systems (BMS). The work load for the new member of staff would include structured cabling report, Building controls multiclient reports and private clients studies for BMS clients and other companies in the Smart building market space. Experience: Although not essential, the ideal candidate will have existing experience in Electronic Security Systems or Intelligent Building Controls due to the nature of their demanding clients in Cabling and Controls and their increasing work load of private client work. You should also have at least 3 years experience in market research/analysis with an agency of corporate company. For the right person this position will provide an interesting and satisfying opportunity to operate with a high level of autonomy within a short space of time, also opportunities to become a worldwide product or geographical specialist, and to develop their own research ideas. Furthermore it involves liaison at senior level, (up to Board level) with key industry players and influencers. The successful candidate must be willing to travel abroad on a regular basis to interview respondents; therefore knowledge of Italian or German languages is essential. K e y tasks (after induction period) Working on and running projects in own team as well as other teams Taking briefs from clients Project management Personal and telephone interviewing Questionnaire design Results analysis Report writing Presentation of findings to clients Desk research using published data Writing press releases Benefits: The company offers the opportunity to start or continue training for professional marketing qualifications if these have not already been gained, as well as other training. Pension scheme ,free parking. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingIntelligenceConsultantGermanorItalian_job****