Title: Email Marketing/CRM Executive
Webindex: 68719139
Company: Epitome Recruitment
Description: Email Marketing / CRM Executive, Dublin **** to **** Our client ebookers is seeking to recruit a CRM Executive to support their PanEuropean CRM / Email Marketing function, reporting directly to the Pan European CRM Programs and Infrastructure Manager. The successful candidate will be responsible for liaising with ebookers staff across Europe to ensure the successful delivery of automated email campaigns to the highest standards. While this role is mostly for English speaking, a fluency in French or German would also be beneficial to the successful candidate. Key Responsibilities Assistance in management of existing ebookers CRM email campaigns. Responsibilities to include sourcing content from local teams for campaign upgrades, liaising with graphic design resources to update HTML template and liaising with data management team for content. New Campaign Development assistance with sourcing material necessary for producing new email campaigns. Responsibilities to include liaising with local teams to source content and involvement in the testing, proofing and prelaunch phase with the rest of the team. Campaign Tracking tracking performance of existing campaigns to ensure no operational issues. Focus on specified KPI s as opposed to business level analysis. In depth knowledge and maintenance of ebookers internal newsletter creation program (training to be provided). Successful candidate will liaise with local users for any issues and escalate to the necessary teams. Use and knowledge of ebookers Email Service Provider systems (training to be provided) Requirements Fluent in French and / or German. ****/ years of experience in marketing and / or ecommerce industry Degree in Marketing and / or relevant ICT or Business Degree. Intermediate Knowledge of HTML coding and / or database management Good Knowledge of Excel including use of Cubes This is a challenging and demanding role, but one that offers the right candidate an exciting career opportunity in a Pan European organisation. If you believe you have the skills and experience required to be successful in this role please forward your CV to Epitome Recruitment today. Epitome Recruitment is an Employment Agency acting on behalf of our client.