Title: Account Executive  PR Agency B2B/Corporate
Webindex: 70161815
Company: Escape Hatch Media Recruitment
Description: A rare opportunity to develop your career has arisen within a fast growing PR agency We're looking for a talented Account Executive to join our clients growing B2B team. The role would be ideal for someone with a minimum of six months experience in the corporate or B2B agency world. Working across a number of different sectors including retail, packaging, food drink and marketing , the role is wide ranging incorporating brand reputation, authority positioning, thought leadership, crisis management, speaker platform and corporate social responsibility campaigns. Handling all daytoday account work, you will have plenty of scope to make your mark, while having the safety net of advice and directional guidance from above. We are looking for candidates that have a great presence with clients, have excellent writing skills and are confident and outgoing on both the telephone and facetoface with journalists. In particular, we are looking for people who are good writers, across a variety of formats. Additionally, while some of the accounts you will be working on involve targeting the national papers with consumerfacing news, many of our clients are in specialist sectors. The ideal candidate will need to have a feel for consumer news, but also to enjoy the challenge of understanding specialist sectors and working with the trade press. Finally, we are looking for someone with a good grasp of social media. Almost all of our accounts involve the use of social networks, and for some clients we manage all of their social media channels. The ideal candidate would have an interest in social media, as well as a good grasp of current best practice. In return our client can offer a job where you will be truly recognised for your hard work and given great training, in a sociable and downtoearth agency. A competitive salary level is available for the right candidate, plus a generous benefits package. Our client is a small agency with big ambitions. The past few years have seen them grow consistently and steadily, and they currently have **** members of staff. They are fun, friendly and supportive. They also believe that the work/life balance is hugely important, and will provide support and training so you feel happy in your role. The team are talented, friendly and sociable and have a genuine passion for their clients and the company.