Title: Online Development Executive
Webindex: 68672745
Company: Faith Recruitment
Description: Online Development Executive Weybridge, Surrey **** to **** per annum My client is seeking an Online Development Executive to execute website development projects and website enhancements in line with the ecommerce plan for company with the purpose to increase conversions and improve usability. Responsibilities will include: Overall responsibility for the daytoday management of website development and enhancements. Manage web site development projects. This is will involve requirement gathering, identifying deliverables, mapping customer journeys, working with creative and development agencies. Working with the Web Development manager to prioritise development opportunities for the websites and hit project and strategy deadlines. Day to day liaison with external agencies to brief, review and implement new developments on time and within budget. Work closely with brand teams to execute onsite campaigns to achieve product targets. Complete content updates across the site through the CMS to support regular marketing campaign activity. Actively seek out feedback from the business, and manage day to day issues with the site identified by users and operations. Support the Online Marketing Manager to provide website changes for SEO or Social activity. Work with the Web Analyst to ensure site reporting is carried out and KPIs are accurately measured across the websites. Perform regular reviews of content and functionality of the websites. Identify new ecommerce and multimedia opportunities for the business. To be considered you will have: At least 23 years’ experience of delivering online projects. Educated to degree level Significant experience working within CMS platforms Experience working with external agencies. Proven understanding of web technology and application to market HTML, CSS, Dreamweaver, Photoshop experience an advantage Experience with Google Analytics Previous experience within an ecommerce company an advantage If you are an analytical, detail focused and confident communication with the ability to create solutions this is an exciting opportunity working within a leading organisation who offer fantastic development.Please apply for an interview. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OnlineDevelopmentExecutive_job****