Title: PR Account Manager  Consumer Healthcare PR
Webindex: 72234655
Company: Fresh Connect Recruitment
Description: An exciting and innovative Consumer Healthcare PR team is seeking a new Account Manager. The agency is expanding and as such they have a vacancy for a new Account Manager to join their talented team of professionals. This company is a great place to work and they ensure that their staff members build inspiring careers. In this stimulating role the new Account Manager will leave a clear mark on the development of this agency's profile and should create measurable results every day. If successful, you will support and work across some amazing Consumer Healthcare accounts, many of which are household names. This agency is looking for a creative individual with a flair for simple strategies that help to raise client profiles. The successful candidate will develop a sound understanding of client business and communication objectives and ensure that projects are delivered on time and within budget. This dynamic agency boasts a truly impressive client list. To be part of this growing team, you must have experience in Consumer Healthcare PR and a genuine interest in this area. You must also be an excellent writer with superb communication and clientconsultation skills. Good presentation skills would also be beneficial. To be considered for this tempting opportunity, you will ideally come from an agency background. Experience working on Consumer Healthcare PR accounts is vital. If you have relevant PR experience and are looking to really boost your career within a top agency, apply today For this and similar vacancies, please contact Gary Hoult on **** **** **** or email garyfreshconnect.co.uk Account Manager, Junior Account Manager, Senior Account Manager, Consumer Healthcare PR, Nutrition PR, Consumer Healthcare PR, Pharma, Pharmaceuticals, London. Account Manager, Junior Account Manager, Senior Account Manager, Consumer Healthcare PR, Nutrition PR, Consumer Healthcare PR, Pharma, Pharmaceuticals, London. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PRAccountManagerConsumerHealthcarePR_job****