Title: German speaking Senior Media Researcher
Webindex: 68683616
Company: Talent Quest Limited
Description: Client Profile: Our client is a wellestablished company within media intelligence, offering public relations professionals tailored solutions to effectively manage their brand coverage. Due to an increase in the need for German media data, we are seeking a passionate and driven media research aficionado to join their friendly and vibrant Londonbased team. Role Description: Media Researchers play a key role in reviewing a wide range of print, online and Social Media outlets (Blogs, Press Releases, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn), to assist in providing the company’s clients with relevant media information and analysis. This is a strongly clientfocused environment, involving extensive contact with the media. Daily research tasks will include: Research telephone calls and media outlet staff verifications Detailed web research, profile writing and media data entry and maintenance  Responding to client requests or data queries, adhering to service levels  Identifying new approaches to media research, exploiting both technology and internet potential In addition to the more datadriven work, you will also perform more editorialbased tasks, including: Making a significant contribution to the German blog Using and further developing your understanding of the German media market and current trends Identifying and discussing the pertinence of media trends via online and Social Media Representing the company at marketing events, explaining the company’s product offering Building key relationships with media industry organisations; enhancing stakeholder relations Person Specification: The successful applicant for the role of German speaking Media Researcher will possess the following: Nativelevel business fluency in both written and spoken German A confirmed interest in media; good awareness of current German media trends Educated to Degree level of equivalent, preferably in a media or marketing based subject Excellent written skills –valuable experience includes writing or editing pressreleases, blogs, social media or web content.  Aware of the critical importance of providing quality data and undertaking research Extremely detail orientated, particularly in the area of displaying data The ability to multitask, and prioritise according to specific business needs Confident, outgoing, personable, a proven teamworker A passionate careerperson, looking to improve themselves within an organisation. Additional Information Talent Quest Ltd is a specialist recruitment consultancy service specialising in Digital, Media, Creative, PR, Marketing, Market Research Insight as well as multilingual supporting functions. Registered offices in the UK. We are also members of the Recruitment and Employment Confederation (REC) and adhere to strict professional practice. We always strive for the highest standards of service however, with the number of applications we receive for some of our vacancies, it is not always possible to get back to everyone individually. If you do not hear from us within 4 days, it means in this instance your application has not been taken any further. We hope that you will apply again for any positions that interest you in the future. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GermanspeakingSeniorMediaResearcher_job****