Title: Director of Search
Webindex: 72447864
Company: Invigorate Recruitment
Description: Our client is looking for a handson Head of SEO to work from their offices in Leeds. If this could be the next step on your career ladder then please read on? With a background in search marketing and many years handson commercial SEO experience, your knowledge and skills will help shape the future of search strategy for our client. They develop strategic, integrated search marketing campaigns that help local businesses but want to take this much further  they are looking for an up and coming digital expert with a solid knowledge of search engine marketing (PPC SEO) with a strong desire to go places. The Director of Search Role: Your time will be divided between strategy, client delivery and working with the team and will initially be a handson and mentoring role. Your key responsibilities will be to:  DELIVER Measurable SEO Results  Our client`s whole philosophy is based on delivering our clients a sound return on investment and this is only achieved through excellence. You must be committed to rolling your sleeves up and putting real energy into every project.  EXPLORE and implement new search engine technologies and products  MENTOR team members, providing professional development through training, handson experience, and collaborative project work  LEAD the overall search campaign life cycle of key clients  PRESENT and educate clients on Search Engine Marketing principles, tactics and strategies. Required Skills and Experience:  EXPERIENCE  **** year's experience within an SEO/Search Marketing role is preferable, however all applicants with a strong demonstrable knowledge of digital marketing and SEO will be considered. A background in marketing and an awareness of current SEO trends / insights and topical SEO tools is essential.  TEAMWORK  Our client is a small but enthusiastic team with adventurous plans and it is essential that you can work well within a team but are capable of producing great results working alone.  TRANSPORT  Based in fantastic premises in Leeds, a car and driving license isn't essential but would be useful. Invigorate Recruitment are acting as an employment agency in respect of this vacancy. Due to the amount of responses we receive, unfortunately we are not able to give feedback to all individuals. If you have not heard back within 7 days, please assume that you have not been successful for the role you have applied for. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DirectorofSearch_job****