Title: Senior New Product Development Manager
Webindex: 72683960
Company: EMR
Description: Overall responsibility:As part of a team working within a highly ambitious FMCG organisation with an expectation of high growth plans. In this position you will be responsible for supporting and developing this growth through exceptional delivery of leading product development in both leading brand and own label products with a wide variety of product areas. Business Context & Background:Our Client is a dynamic international business operating in the 'Food Enhancers' category, Their business delivers both iconic branded and own label products comprising vinegars, pickles, relishes and sauces. With a turnover in excess of ****m, they have engaged in a rapid acquisition and organic led growth strategy creating new opportunities for energetic, innovative and forward thinking staff to join the UK operating division. They are seeking applications from candidates striving for a position where they can personally change things, continuously challenge the status quo, and drive products to become category forerunners. Key areas of responsibility  Working to NPD and EPD briefs set by company marketing, in addition the candidate will need to identify new product development opportunities from customer and consumer expectations  Food products, leading brand and own label  support evaluation of new business development opportunities  working with the production and development teams to drive innovation  manage and deliver projects assigned by the Head of Product Development  budget control  Will have worked closely with major multiples (Tesco, Asda, M & S and Sainsbury)  Knowledge of current New Product Development systems.  The ability to work unaided and on your own initiative is a key.  Experience of dealing with suppliers. Person specification Qualifications:Food Science or related degree. Background experience:The ideal candidate will have a BSc (or equivalent) in Food Science and will have extensive experience within a senior NPD role. You will demonstrate energy with a can do attitude and a proven track record of delivering innovation within NPD and EPD. successful management of teams is preferable but not essential. Previous experience within FMCG food manufacturing is essential. Other factors ****Self starter ****Creative