Title: Strategic Analysis and Planning Executive
Webindex: 68541156
Company: INSTITUTION OF ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY
Description: About us The IET (Institution of Engineering and Technology) is one of the world’s leading professional societies. With more than **** members in 127 countries, we share and advance knowledge throughout the global engineering and technology community. We offer a wide range of products and services and have a large publishing division. Your role We now seek a professional, strategyfocused market analyst to support us in achieving our goals by providing robust market and competitor analysis based on high quality inhouse and commissioned research. Drawing on highly developed organisational, communication and interpersonal skills, it will also be part of your role to manage key stakeholders through the annual strategic planning round. Reporting to the Head of Strategy and International Development, accountable to the Business Performance & Planning Director  and collaborating closely with managers and stakeholders throughout the IET  you will be expected to identify challenges and growth opportunities for the organisation, so as to develop a robust view of these and to make recommendations on how to approach them. To support our international strategy, you will analyse key international markets, to identify partnership opportunities. With other responsibilities ranging from the delivery of timely intelligence reports through to the creation of monthly progress reports to the Board, you will have a key role to play in supporting corporatewide communications. You will also have the freedom to identify, initiate and take responsibility for valueadding projects of your own. Of graduate calibre, you have a proven record in competitor/market analysis, preferably with experience of business planning and strategy development. You are proactive and flexible in your approach, with the ability to plan and prioritise your own workload and to excel in a semiautonomous capacity. You can write effective reports and make convincing seniorlevel presentations, always maintaining high standards of accuracy and numeracy. We will also expect you to have good IT skills, ideally including advanced level Excel. Experience in the publishing industry would be an advantage. If this has fired your imagination and you want to work with a hugely dedicated and enthusiastic team of professionals – both staff and Members – then please email your CV and an accompanying letter to: opportunitiestheiet.org