Title: Brand Partnership Junior Account Director and Account Director
Webindex: 71210576
Company: air recruitment
Description: Brand Partnership Junior Account Director and Account Director, London Up to ****K This agency creates fantastic brand partnership campaigns. They have some of the most creative brands in the business. They re looking for a Junior Account Director and Account Director to work on a variety of exciting projects. We re looking for a Junior Account Director and Account Director with fantastic brand partnership experience. We want a Junior Account Director and Account Director who has the enthusiasm to come up with great partnership promotions, coupled with the drive to put the two brands together. If you're a top end Junior Account Director, or an experienced Account Director who fits into this category, we need to talk. You ll be a Junior Account Director or Account Director with experience in sales, partnership marketing or a media sales background. You ll have a head for planning, creative ideas and partnerships. We want a Junior Account Director or Account Director who can keep projects on track. You ll be able to grow relationships with senior level clients and partners as standard. As Junior Account Director or Account Director, you ll be responsible for generating revenue and profitability on all aspects of partnership strategies and projects. You ll have a background working for blue chip clients (ideally 6 years agency experience). Are you a Junior Account Director or Account Director looking for the next step in your career? If you re the kind of Junior Account Director or Account Director that loves a challenge this agency will want to meet you. This agency has grown hugely over the past year, and want a Junior Account Director or Account Director who can handle pressure well. They re an awesome team to be a part of. As Junior Account Director or Account Director, you'll be working on fast paced clients. We re looking for someone who is confident and a real gogetter. As Junior Account Director or Account Director, you ll also be the kind of person who loves to work closely with creatives and planners. This agency's brand partnership campaigns are exciting and innovative. This agency have a policy of promoting from within, so you could expect to be promoted from Junior Account Director or Account Director quickly if you demonstrate your ability to be at this level. We want a Junior Account Director or Account Director who has a strong understanding of the communications mix, with a focus on Brand Partnerships. You'll have worked at an agency that clearly shows your ability to perform under pressure. You will be a Junior Account Director or Account Director who has excellent communication skills and an outstanding client servicing background. This agency have high expectations for their Junior Account Director or Account Director. This is because they really do push the career of their people. If you are a Junior Account Director or Account Director with the below qualities we want to hear from you immediately. Fantastic brand partnership experience Commercial nous True ambition Excellent strategic insight A really proactive attitude Someone who really wants to kick on in their career If you re this Junior Account Director or Account Director please do get in touch. Please quote AP**** when applying for this role. We specialise in agency recruitment, and always have a wide variety of roles. If this role isn't right for you then don't worry. We currently have live roles for Account Executives, Senior Account Executives, Junior Account managers, Account Managers, Senior Account Managers, Account Directors, Senior Account Directors, Group Account Directors, and Business Directors. Get in touch for a chat, or simply send your CV to us, and we ll get in touch with you. Please visit our website www.airrecruitment.com or try http://jobs.brandrepublic.com/employer/****/airrecruitment