Title: Social Senior Account Manager
Webindex: 70655617
Company: RESEARCH TALENT HUB
Description: Social Senior Account Manager Salary: up to **** Location: Central London THE ROLE / COMPANY: Do you have previous experience in managing social or digital projects for clients in an agency setting? This is the account handling role for a Senior Account Manager s (SAM) who will perform a crucial function in servicing blue chip clients and ensure that campaigns created by this multinational, boutique social media marketing agency are innovative, creative and effective. As the team grows you ll also be expected to manage Account Managers and Account Executives. The agency has won numerous rewards and collaborates with amazing international clients. From listening panels and blogger outreach initiatives to influencer identification and social CRM programmes, they offer a full range of specialist endtoend social marketing services and solutions to help clients adapt to the new social economy. They are a rapidly growing company, with room for candidates to grow and shape their role. You ll work in a friendly and collaborative environment. ABOUT YOU: You ve got previous experience of managing social or digital projects as well as passion for social and how it adds value to client business. In addition you should enjoy being part of the strategic and creative process, ensuring the highest level of client service. You are entrepreneurial, a selfstarter and a makeithappen person. Experience in the agency is essential for this role. You have proven track record creating clientfacing presentations and proposals and crafting inputs from different sources onto a clear, concise and effective outputs. You are an excellent communicator with very strong marketing skills. You ve got demonstrated experience in social, digital marketing and online research and have delivered social campaigns for blue chip clients. You ve got proven client servicing skills, including demonstrated understanding how to effectively manage and operate clients accounts daytoday. Please get in touch for more details