Title: Brand Manager  Retail Consumables
Webindex: 66543015
Company: Strike Jobs
Description: A company based in Wimbledon are looking to recruit a 'Brand Manager'. You MUST have experience of working with Retail consumable products and a healthcare background would also be advantageous. The role incorporates the following  Develop, implement and monitor the UK annual marketing plans. Execute effective consumer communication plans to drive awareness levels. Liaise with media agency to ensure the implementation of agreed media plan. Contribute to research, design measurement of media plans. Execute launch plans for new products. Liaise with PR to ensure the agreed PR plans Assist in preparing the brief to the PR team to design a PR plan based on brand plan Work closely with team to maximise PR opportunities. Develop and update category insight through interrogation of the IRI market data and production of the monthly reports for Iron category. Develop and update consumer insight and understanding using available consumer data Utilise EPOS data to monitor mix, cannibalisation success of new product development (NPD) to contribute recommendations for how to improve sales results. Track the results gained from initiatives in order to recommend improvements and share successes. Work closely with sales team to gain an understanding of key objectives challenges by account. Use this knowledge to make recommendations for promotional activity, product range and account support. Work closely with the Global Brand Marketing team to represent local position on Global NPD and Communications initiatives You MUST have the following skills / experience  Desirable Educated to degree level and/or a Marketing or relevant Business qualification Key Skills and Experience Essential Previous experience in Brand Marketing for 1 years Effectively communicates ideas, briefs, plans, objectives etc The ability to communicate complex technical information and interpret this for different audiences Experience of the complete cycle of devising and executing a brand plan An able and persuasive presenter Prioritise and organises work to meet deadlines without direct supervision An aptitude for and experience of analysing and interpreting data Basic knowledge of MS Office: Word, Excel, Powerpoint Desirable Working knowledge of digital marketing, in particular, experience of content management systems This is a fantastic opportunity for the right candidate to join an established organisation with excellent career prospects and generous staff benefits. Applications must be made via our website  www.strikejobs.co.uk  or click the Apply button below