Title: Marketing Coordinator (Maternity cover)
Webindex: 69172432
Company: Adecco Group
Description: A Marketing cocoordinator vacancy has become available on a temporary basis, covering maternity leave of 9 months which may be extended to 12 months. The overall purpose of the role is to provide ongoing support to the Marketing Manager and liaise with the relevant marketing agencies and department managers. The company prides itself on offering 5 star holiday accommodation across multiple sites in the Lake District with their Head Office located near Kendal which is where you will be based. You duties will include  Producing marketing materials and organising promotional events, direct mailing and advertisements  liaising closely with design agencies, printers, PR and media agencies  Carry out bookings for advertisements and publications on a national and regional basis  Assist in the organisation of general events, shows and exhibitions  Check process all invoices relating to advertising, marketing printing.  Maintain stocks of promotional materials through regular updating, redesigning and printing.  Undertake a range of administration duties and rate negotiations with newspapers and publications.  Produce marketing reports and provide feedback on advert responses and campaigns. Required experience:  GCSE/O Level Maths English (or equivalent)  Basic Marketing qualification  IT literate in Word, Excel, Access and PowerPoint  Previous experience within a marketing position.  Capable of briefing, designing and executing marketing campaigns.  Understanding of print specifications, artwork, design processes and proofs.  Ability to put together briefs for new campaigns and proposals.  High level of accuracy and attention to detail.  Ability to communicate effectively clearly with customers.  Exceptional time management skills ability to work under pressure.  Demonstration of creativity and ability to visualise campaigns.  Positive, enthusiastic and flexible approach to work.  Able to drive with access to transport. You will be required to work **** hours over 5 days per week, Monday to Friday. To apply for this position, please forward your CV no later that Friday 1st February. Interviews will be scheduled for week commencing 4th February.Adecco is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingCoordinatorMaternitycover_job****