Title: MARKETING MANAGER / MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS MANAGER
Webindex: 71298106
Company: Serata Search  Ltd
Description: MARKETING MANAGER / MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS MANAGER RETAIL / TECHNOLOGY ****K TO ****K PLUS EXCELLENT BENEFITS PACKAGE. BASED PRESTON AREA. Our client is a leading technology company who are part of a global drinks /beverages company which are a household name and an iconic brand. Due to huge growth we are looking to a Marketing Manager to support the Sales and Marketing Director. This is a senior role which will play a key part in the organisations growth and strategy plans. The role will also involve travel to the Far East and USA as required. This is a incredibly exciting role with phenomenal scope for career development. Main Duties and Responsibilities Marketing Programs and Brand Development:  Creates brand sales priorities.  Works with Marketing to develop key selling initiatives.  Manages execution of brand marketing plan including merchandising, promotion, research and product development, including packaging. Ensures consistent messaging, imagery and quality standards.  Maintains accountability for approved brand budgets including planning, tracking and quarterly business updates.  Interfaces with production assisting on brand forecasts at SKU level for longrange production planning, track shipments/depletions against harvest as well as participate in packaging/production meeting. Sales Execution:  Manages, in conjunction with Sales, distributor pricing, deals and promotions for assigned brand(s).  Monitors and manages distributor inventory.  Develops, tracks, and reports success of distributor sales incentives.  Conducts regular sales meetings to educate and motivate distributor sales teams and works with distributor brand teams to develop local marketing programs.  Works with internal sales team and distributor sales team to make account calls. Owns the sale goals. Communication:  Communicates monthly brand business status and programs to VP Marketing, including marketplace goals and accomplishments, promotional programs, inventory, merchandising status, and wine availability issues.  Communicates with Sales to achieve strategic business goals including promotion/program deployment, soliciting feedback and new ideas, communicating brand messaging and prioritizing portfolio initiatives.  Ensures that brand strategies are implemented within PR initiatives. Coordinates details with the Public Relations team or internal resources for branded special events, appearances, competitions and story pitches.  Performs as an effective and eloquent ambassador for the brand(s). Analysis:  Analyse brand performance and competitive information using several forms of intelligence. Identifies opportunities by channel, market, consumer, product or other for brand consideration.  Initiates or suggests analysis of financial performance to influence strategic plans including, but not limited to, pricing, costofgoods and promotions.  Works with Sales to identify issues/opportunities, promotional needs and implements necessary programs by channel. Main Skills needed A strong proven marketing / branding / communications background within the technology sector  Vending, Coolants or similar ideally Knowledge of the retail industry Possess the relevant marketing qualifications, degree and/or CIM Strong strategic, analytic and creative skills. Excellent/impactful presentation and communication skills. Ability to balance multiple significant priorities, meet deadlines and thrive in constantly changing and challenging environment. Attention to details a must. Be revenue and profit focused Computer literate Selfmotivated, teamoriented ethics and excellent interpersonal skills. Some travel required