Title: Mobile Ad Sales  Large Media Owner
Webindex: 66904961
Company: Ultimate Asset
Description: THE COMPANY My client produces **** iconic media brands, in print, online and mobile formats. The websites collectively reach over 14 million users every month, in a range of sectors. The portfolio offers something for everyone, and their titles are household names. A great set of brands to represent. This is an exciting opportunity to join a brand new advertising medium with a large Smartphone Media Owner. The medium is growing rapidly as millions daily launch their favourite Smartphone applications. Smartphones are evolving into powerful 'always on' personal computers, and it's just getting bigger and bigger. You could be working for a new breed of mobile sales teams focusing only on premium publishers and offering a wide variety of premium ad units. The day to day for the Sales Manager includes: Identifying key brands to target, either direct, or through their respective media agencies Selling targeted advertising on premier Smartphone applications. Demonstrate to clients a brand new advertising opportunity at the forefront of digital advertising technology. Keeping abreast of key mobile industry developments, and formulating opportunities for growth Ensuring repeat business through effective client servicing and management THE CANDIDATE The following skills / experience are essential to qualify for this role: Must have sold digital media inventory. I'd really like you to have a proven track record of success too You must have an extensive personal 'black book' of significant media agency contacts where you can immediately start selling inventory. Ability to develop creative ad solutions, and pitch to agency teams with confidence and ease Experience developing strong relationships at all corporate levels from agency decision maker to client Marketing Director Get in touch to find out more. If you're even thinking about moving into mobile, then you should get in contact, as you'll probably do it further down the line anyway