Title: Data Analysis
Webindex: 68676319
Company: Support Services Group
Description: smart.**** Ltd is one of Hertfordshire's fastest growing and most dynamic recruitment companies. We are an energetic team of professional and smart consultants who are committed at exceeding both our candidate and client’s expectations. 'One Career  Go For It' Job Title: Data Analysis Reports to: Marketing Manager Located: Stevenage, Herts Contract: **** to 12 Months F/T Maternity Contract  with the possibility to be extended Purpose of Role: Maximise potential income from new existing data within the business Salary: **** p/a Duties of Position include;  Control Marketing New Business Data Storage  Manage effective access and use of Marketing New Business data  Work with company IT departments to ensure Marketing New Business client data is securely stored, that it is also effectively correctly managed.  Develop new data storage processes systems as required, including; CRM systems, ensuring successful secure integration of all client data.  Compile control accurate appropriate central New Business databases (APM, Brooms and B****) for all client markets as directed by Marketing Manager.  Control ongoing data improvement processes including: Cleansing deduplication Addition of records (inbound enquiries, new data sources) Data refinementfor all New Business client data, including third parties  Liaise with Affinity partners to ensure accurate safe management of membership lists within business IT systems.  Ensure the business manages data operates within all appropriate regulations guidelines.  Maintain data integrity using appropriate control processes for staff access to data.  Control successful integration of new data into systems databases including purchased records, inbound new business enquiries supplied data lists from Third parties.  Perform interrogation business analysis of data to identify trends opportunities suitable for New Business campaign activity. Present analysis results to Marketing Manager as directed.  Produce accurate data lists for lead generation campaign data quote booking renewals as directed by Marketing Manager including:  Deduplication of data  Crossreferencing  Sort relevant lists by product, by team, affinity partnerships and geographical areas  Perform interrogation business analysis of data to identify trends opportunities suitable for New Business campaign activity. Present analysis results to Marketing Manager as directed.  Operate appropriate processes to enable teams to accurately record new data acquired during campaign activity, and manage reintegration in to main databases.  Produce campaign MI for all inbound outbound campaign activities measured against set KPIs  New Business Data:  Develop control processes for tracking and analysing new business data from data sources to sales record, including:  Ecommerce  Affinity partnership data  Existing client data  Customer Service Survey  All incoming enquiries  Lapsed lists  Cancellation lists Should you strongly feel you have the skills and experience for this position, please submit your CV. If you have been short listed for this role, a member of the smart**** team will be in touch with you in the next **** working days. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DataAnalysis_job****