Title: PR Copywriter Account Associate  German or French Speaking
Webindex: 68679559
Company: Language Matters
Description: Our client, a global b2b marketing public relations agency, is currently looking for a B2B PR Account Associate/Copywriter with strong German or French language skills to join their team in London. The main task of this role is to implement strategic public relations programs and help support a fastgrowing client base. The candidate has to be able to communicate and write in German or French with a confident presence and business style and has to have at least some relevant experience in public relations. The role involves proactively generating targeted publicity in European print and online trade and business media and building relationships with key media. Profile Fluent in English and German or French Must have relevant B2B PR experience in an agency or formal business setting Technical or business writing experience with strong copywriting skills Strong French or German and English writing skills, with good grammar and vocabulary knowledge Degree in journalism, public relations, marketing or communications NB: If you have applied for any other languagematters vacancy there is no need to reapply, as your CV will be considered for all of our vacancies that match your language skills and work experience. To apply, please send your CV in Word format to Frank Etman, CVs in any other formats will not be accepted. We work constantly to provide equal opportunities for all, regardless of age, gender, ethnicity, social background, religion, disability or sexuality. NB. Client requirements dictate that we can only accept applications from candidates who are available for facetoface interviews in the UK within 24 hours. Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK or hold a valid work permit. Please note that we contact successful candidates within **** working days. We will consider you for all our vacancies now and in the future. Please do not reapply unless requested to do so. Language Matters is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PRCopywriterAccountAssociateGermanorFrenchSpeaking_job****