Title: Marketing Manager  Enterprise Marketing Technology and Advertising
Webindex: 71197986
Company: SBC Recruitment Ltd
Description: Marketing Manager needed by a market leading Advertising / Technology company The Company: Truly revolutionary multinational Technology /Advertising Company that has experience huge growth. Has won multiple awards for Best Place to work. With offices all over the world including London, New York, San Francisco, Rome and many more. They are already recognized as a global leader ranked as the number one current offering. This is time of huge investment and growth into the company and a great time to join and take your career to the next level. Marketing Manager Position Overview: As the Marketing Manager you will develop highly effective marketing programs to drive pipeline growth. You will manage marketing programs from inception to completion, including market scoping, goto marketplans, content development, lead generation programs and success reporting. You will also manage sponsorships at industry events, conferences, and webinars. Responsibilities of the Marketing Manager: Planning and reporting oSupport the development of marketing plans by setting objectives, strategies, tactics and budget to meet regional revenue goals oReport on leads, opportunities, and revenue for all marketing programs Demand generation: Build pipeline opportunities by creating and executing innovative and effective demand generation campaigns in a variety of formats: oIndustry events and conferences oWebinars oWeb content oOnline media oChannel and partner promotion oEmail Content oCreate regional marketing material and localize corporate material to ensure that value propositions are effectively communicated, reach the right target audience and persuade prospects. oCreate content assets, including email offers, best practices lists, infographics oManage creation of thought leadership content (blog postings, bylines) using outside consultants and company subject matter experts Public relations oWork with corporate office to manage public relations agencies, securing news coverage, byline placement and speaking opportunities Events : Manage speaker participation, including themes, pitches, content creation and speaker logistics oEndtoend planning and execution of trade show participation Web site : oManage local versions of website and coordinate changes with corporate office For the Marketing Manager positionYou will need to meet the following requirements: ****  6 years relevant work experience Have an advanced understanding of enterprise marketing technologies and/or digital advertising and industry trends/developments Experience with Salesforce or other CRM system required; Eloqua or other marketing automation a big plus. Proficient with MS Office products (Excel, Word, Powerpoint) Comfortable working in a fastpaced environment If you are interested please apply asap. Or contact me for feedback and more details.