Title: Account Manager (junior)
Webindex: 69685406
Company: Corporate Communications Recruitment
Description: Our client is an independent creative agency which combines strategic and creative thinking to deliver compelling and effective corporate communications is looking to hire an uber talented Account Manager. This role will suit candidates with 25 years experience. Academic backgrounds in design, business, marketing multi media studies are preferred. Commercial experience in a design/marketing consultancy or client side would also be beneficial. Good written skills are a must. The agency needs to rely heavily on the Junior Account Manager for accuracy. A genuinely exciting range of offline and online projects await the right candidate. Junior Account Manager Role The role of the Junior Account Manager is to support the account directors within the team in managing the successful delivery of Client projects such as developing and producing Annual Reports, Corporate Responsibility Reports and other corporate comunications, in both print and online. Responsibilities Responsibility for assisting account director in the successful daytoday project management and smooth project delivery Assist the account director in the development of accounts Ensure all financial processes are adhered to Assist the account director in developing Client relationships Provide proactive support for your team Participate in new business pitches To comply and contribute to the requirements of our Corporate Responsibility standards. Reporting Relationships Reporting to: Account Director and Group Account Director Working closely with: Publishing Teams Digital Team Strategy Unit Finance Team The agency has a diverse range of large clients. Clients are exclusively FTSE 100 and **** corporates: Disciplines currently include: Corporate Reporting external comms literature (corporate, etc) CSR strategies internal comms strategies internal brand expression (from external brand guidelines) engagement campaigns