Title: Customer Insight Analyst  SAS Base
Webindex: 67754089
Company: Blue Pelican
Description: The key point of this role will be ‘insight’ and your ability to statistically analyse large volumes of complex data with the specific mandate of identifying the truth held within. Then, once identified, turning this truth into commercially robust insight which the business can take action upon to help drive their strategic advantage. Your work will focus specifically on the customer, working with the business to answer challenging problems through the application of insight, and since the business problems can vary, so will the range of statistical techniques you apply to solve them. You could be doing anything from segmentations, cluster analysis, predictive modelling, CHAID, data mining, etc, etc. It really depends on the business question you’re looking to answer as to how you will best approach finding it. However, there is one fundamental you will need to know and that’s SAS. The primary tool they use is SAS Base, and with a range of vacancies currently open, they need you to have experience of using SAS and have a good solid handson grasp of utilising this tool in a commercial environment analysing large volumes of customer data. THE TEAM The analysis function is broken into **** main teams:  Customer Insight (where these roles sit)  Marketing Optimisation  Commercial Analysis The analytics team is currently being built, once complete will be around **** people and will be part of the customer management division, a function of around **** people. THE COMPANY They’re a household name and a consumer champion brand. A well established pureplay online company who are NO**** in their sector. Their website attracts and interacts with millions of UK consumers and offers a range of products and services with the sole focus of championing the consumer and saving you money. With the building of this team, the company is looking to put data at the heart of the operation and empower everything they do. The belief in driving this comes right from the top, the CEO, who happens to come from one of the UK’s top customer insight consultancies. THE BENEFIT You will be joining the company at an exciting time of its development. Although this team is newly established, there will be opportunity to develop within the business quickly. The divisional director is looking for hungry, ambitious and high performing analysts to join his function and knows from experience how to build, motivate and reward those who are looking to shine. If you would like to know more, get in touch today and we will be happy to help. Role: Customer Insight Analyst – SAS Base  Marketing Optimisation Location: London, West End Salary: **** to **** basic Benefits: 20% bonus and comprehensive benefits package including pension, healthcare, life assurance, etc. Experience Required:  Highly numerate, preferably demonstrated through academics  Must have experience working as an analyst in a consumer centric environment  Good, solid knowledge of SAS Base, utilising the tool in a consumer centric commercial environment  Commercially savvy, able to clearly link together the business problems with analysis work, arriving at a point of insight  Comfortable working with large, complex data sets  Good communication skills, as you will be articulating the findings of your analysis to nontechnical teams.  Must have the necessary visas to live and work in the UK TO APPLY For further information please contact: Colin Doree Managing Consultant  Blue Pelican Marketing [blocked] colin.doreebluepelican.com You can view all our vacancies on our web site www.bluepelican.com, or call [blocked] and ask for the marketing division.