Title: Research Statistician
Webindex: 68679300
Company: Morph Talent
Description: Research Statistician Our client, a Top 30, award winning Market Research agency is looking to appoint an Experience Analyst to work with one of the UK's largest advertisers. Candidates must have at least ****2 years’ experience of working agency or client side in market research. The Agency Our client is an innovative, award winning market research agency using a combination of real time response through text messaging, online diaries and more traditional questionnaires, to unearth new insight on the ways people are connecting with brands. They work with some of the biggest advertisers both in the UK and globally helping them to make decisions about their campaigns. Last year they were shortlisted for Best Small/Medium Enterprise at the National Business Awards and also nominated as Best Agency in the Market Research Awards 20****. This year they are finalists in the Best Place to Work category. There is simply no better time to join an exciting team. Experience Analyst As an Experience Analyst (EA) at you will have a clear understanding of statistical techniques used in market research and be able to present your analysis to both internal teams and clients in a clear and concise manner, advising both on key insights of the analysis you do. You will have at least a 2:1 degree in Statistics or a subject which had a statisticsheavy component and have 12 years’ experience of working agency or client side in market research. Your responsibilities will be twofold: 1. There are standard tools that we have developed and use with our clients. You will be responsible for performing the analysis when these projects are undertaken for clients and although the function of the tools are standardised, the details of their application can vary substantially. You will be responsible for liaising with account teams, ensuring the analysis is done correctly and the results are correctly interpreted. You may also be required to present the analysis and insights to both internal teams and to clients. 2. You will also be heavily involved in mid to long term projects within the analytics department including investigating and developing best practice for statistical analysis, ensuring robust and efficient processes and procedures are adhered to, and developing new and innovative tools and techniques for harnessing our unique methodology to deliver insight and recommendations to clients. Experience and advance proficiency in Microsoft Excel is necessary, and experience with using the statistical programme R would be preferable. Though experience with other statistical code based software would also be an advantageous. You will be an excellent communicator both internally with your colleagues and externally with clients. Apply now to become our Experience Analyst This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ResearchStatistician_job****