Title: Volunteer Marketing & Communications Coordinator
Webindex: 68673880
Company: Forces Recruitment Services
Description:  Planning of marketing strategies to achieve agreed objectives and sales targets, within agreed budgets.  Maintaining a functional control of all facets of the operation ensuring that all elements are given adequate support and that all parties are within scope of the marketing effort.  Assisting the artistic director with media in order to achieve local national coverage whilst maintaining accurate records.  Monitoring the website publishing all new events and updating the ticketing systems.  Composing distribution of mailings to clientele through all outputs including mailing lists, newsletters and social media.  Correlating data held within the box office alongside the marketing data and analysing success/failures in order to make progressive amendments to strategies in the future to increase positive results.  Finalising and printing concert programmes in the 'house style', from drafts produced by the artistic director, as well as assisting the founders with the production and distribution of seasonal media, internal external event flyer's including copywriting and proof reading prior to publishing.  Act as the point of contact liaising with various venues, customers, musicians, volunteers and events promoters. Skills and Experience  Interest in arts music  High level of IT literacy  Detail orientated with an interest in factbased research  Budget control/awareness  Excellent communications skills  Analytical  Innovative  Flexible  Leadership experience  Ability to work under pressure to tight deadlines  Driving licence and own vehicle essential due to the remote location in the countryside and no availability of public transportation  Clerical experience is advantageous. A willingness to be active in personal development through participation in relevant conferences and seminars will demonstrate the candidate's commitment to skills acquisition and networking. 30 hours per week is to be expected though this may be varied between office and home based work subject to the requirements of the founders. All applications must be received by 28th January 2013 to be considered for this role. Appointment will be subject to a criminal background check If you are interested in this vacancy please click 'Apply' This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/VolunteerMarketingCommunicationsCoordinator_job****