Title: PR Project Consultant (Stakeholder/Public Consultation)
Webindex: 69069452
Description: Project Consultant (Public Relations, PR) **** Ipswich Stakeholder, Public Consultation, PR/Communications Agency Responsible for the day to day management of a programme of (PR) community engagements in the Suffolk area. The successful candidate will be the key (internal and external) point of contact for all matters relating to the programme of community engagement and community forums. Supporting the Project Director and Managers in delivering the public consultation. Key responsibilities include coordinating and attending a series of evening stakeholder meetings and managing the administration in support of these meetings. Other responsibilities include maintaining project records and databases, attending client and stakeholder meetings, writing and preparing project materials, reports, liaising with all stakeholder groups. Must be prepared to attend evening and weekend events (up to **** per month). You should be; Selfmotivated and use initiative, have strong interpersonal and communication skills Good IT skills in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook and Project. Plus good typing speed. Good writing skills, grammar, spelling and punctuation. Good creative writing skills are advantageous. Duties will include: Managing a detailed programme of stakeholder engagements Researching project route/location and providing stakeholder/community mapping and reports Contributing to assessment of major project issues, likely community reactions and concerns Researching all aspects of a scheme that will have positive and negative impacts on local communities, with the Project Manager Producing and maintaining stakeholder databases (to include political and media) with the Project Administrator Providing input to community relations risk assessment Implement agreed media monitoring procedures for local, national and technical trade printed and broadcast media Provide support to the Project Manager in organising and attending public events Prepare for and attend meetings with project stakeholders with Project Manager (to include members of the local community, representative groups such as Residents Associations, environmental and local interest groups, political representatives, local authority officers, media and objectors/antigroups You should have previous Communications, PR, Stakeholder or public Consultation experience. PR/Comms Agency would be advantageous but clientside is considered, The role is for a 12 month contract with view to permanent role, starting immediately. Opportunities for promotion. Clean UK drivers licence and access to a vehicle essential