Title: Brand Manager  Skincare
Webindex: 70682710
Company: Pukka Herbs Ltd
Description: Pukka Herbs Ltd is a dynamic entrepreneurial company manufacturing award winning organic herbal teas, remedies, food supplements and skincare products, with excellent distribution through a diverse customer base including major UK grocer channels, independent health food trade, web and wider wholesale markets in Europe, Asia and North America. Pukka Ayurveda skincare is unique; naturally active and organic. At its heart is Ayurveda, an ancient Indian philosophy of health and wellbeing, which advocates skin detoxification and nutrient replenishment. As Pukka's Skincare Brand Manager, you will be responsible for getting under the skin of consumers to identify key insights that will unlock growth opportunities for the skincare range. You will seek out ways in which you can take consumers on the Pukka journey through educating and inspiring them with exciting, pioneering skincare products and initiatives. You will educate consumers and the trade, both in the UK and internationally, this will also involve full lifecycle product management, market research, competitor analysis and NPD, as well as packaging changes. You will inspire agencies and distributors to excel in their work, by developing a skincare hub of brand communications and guidelines of promotional activities for customers around the world. You ll also lead and coordinate all aspects of new or evolutionary skincare development from concept to launch. If you re passionate about skincare and beauty then this could be your dream job, with ownership and responsibility for both the strategy and activation. You ll be working in a friendly team of people who are passionate about changing the world the natural way. It s going to be a highly rewarding role full of challenges and individual problems to solve and where great results can be achieved at the end. In order to be considered it is hoped that you will bring Brand and/or Product Management experience, ideally with a background in beauty, skincare or cosmetics, and a marketing diploma or qualification. Online marketing skills and a working knowledge of digital and social media is also useful as you will be working closely with the Ecommerce Manager, as is team management experience because as the company grows it is expected that your role could too. To be a part of Pukka s exciting journey, please apply to this advert with your CV along with a covering note on why you think you are suitable. Please note, this vacancy has been registered exclusively with Hays Marketing, and all third party CVs will be forwarded to Hays. For further information and to apply online please click on the Apply Now button