Title: Analytics Manager  SQL
Webindex: 68805898
Company: Harnham Search and Selection Ltd
Description: Analytics Manager SQL This is a fantastic opportunity to join a global brand name company at an exciting time of growth and development. The company is looking to further develop its analytics function and is looking for an analytics manager with advanced skills in SQL. THE COMPANY: Our client is a wellknown global giant looking to invest into its analytics function. The company is looking to grow its marketing analytics department and develop datadriven insights across all of its products within both B2B and B2C markets. THE ROLE: Our client is looking for an analytics manager with proven experience in the area of customer insight and analytics. The role will involve working on varied projects and undertaking different forms of statistical analysis within a predominantly SQL based environment. YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: To be considered for the Analytics Manager role you must have the following skills and experience:  Advanced skills in SQL queries, procedures, coding etc.  A strong analytical and marketing background  Experience formulating strategy and delivering datadriven insights  Experience using SAS is beneficial but not essential  Experience leading an analytical team THE BENEFITS: The successful candidate could earn up to ****  benefits package HOW TO APPLY: To be considered for the Analytics Manager position, hit the Apply button above now, or contact Jonathan on **** **** **** or jonathandurnfordsmithharnhamsearch.com KEYWORDS: SQL, SAS, CHAID, regression, propensity, insight, analysis, analytics, analyst, strategy, data, B2B, B2C, analytics manager ABOUT HARNHAM: Harnham Search and Selection are specialists within the analytics and data markets, focusing on niche areas of recruitment where many of the UKs businesses find hiring quality employees a challenge. We are one of the UKs largest suppliers of analytical staff, and have an impressive client list, ranging from SMEs to some of the worlds leading bluechip pharmaceutical companies. Our consultants undergo intensive training to become experts within their fields. Analytics Manager SQL