Title: Global SEO Manager  Off Page
Webindex: 70099927
Company: ARM
Description: Global SEO Manager  Off Page SEO, to ****k DOE, Central London My client is a multi national, FTSE250 organisation employing over **** staff globally. As they continue to expand their Digital Marketing team, an exciting opportunity has arisen for a Global SEO Manager to join them focussing on Off Page SEO / Link Building. Reporting to the Head of SEO, the Global Off Page SEO Manager will work in partnership with an On Site SEO Specialist covering over 40 countries. You will have a creative link building background, be an excellent communicator, and business savvy. To be considered for this unique role, you will need to have the following skills;  Proven track record of working in the SEO industry with hands on knowledge in developing and executing Link Acquisition programs  Proven track record of delivering results from large scale SEO campaigns across eCommerce sites  Knowledge of using a variety of link analysis tools  Proven and verifiable working background in obtaining high quality, authoritative links in a variety of industry sectors  Strong analytical skills, with the ability to interpret information, news, data and research quickly. You will be rewarded with a generous basic salary and first class benefits package. With the office located in Zone **** in the heart of Central London, it's easily commutable from a variety of London and Home Counties locations. To learn more about this career enhancing role, apply to this ad now, or contact Alex Marriner, Senior Search Marketing Specialist at Advanced Resource Managers on alexmarm.co.uk with a current copy of your CV in word format or call [blocked] for a confidential discussion. Global SEO Manager  Off Page SEO, to ****k DOE, Central London This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. We will never send your CV without your permission.