Title: Vice President, Agency Management
Webindex: 67803674
Company: VMA Group
Description: This international bank is seeking a Vice President who will be responsible for the ongoing delivery and management of agency and assurance activities across the portfolio of marketing agencies that help the bank effectively monitor performance, risk and commercial value. In particular, you will have responsibility for integrated agencies and print agencies and be responsible for building strong networks and relationships with key stakeholders internally and externally. The Vice President Agency Management function should be recognised as the first point of call for agency and marketplace knowledge and be recognised as being effective, efficient and value adding. The successful candidate should be able to demonstrate several years experience of agency management as well as a know ledge of market research. An understanding of the Financial Services environment is also preferred. Key responsibilities of the Senior Associate include: Manage relationships with agencies, ensuring that both parties are on board the same strategy Building strong networks and relationships with key stakeholders internally and externally Develop a strong knowledge of the relevant agency market, keeping abreast of trends and agency talent pools Create an agency fact base, detailing individual capabilities, talent, geography etc Requirements: Demonstrable agency management experience. Ideally strong working experience involving high value relationships High level of communication skills and an ability to effectively communicate with internal and external stakeholders Managing and maintaining relationships at a senior level Previous experience in leading annual supplier contract reviews Interested parties must have the relevant visas and/or passports to work in the UK, and must be available for a facetoface interview in London during early January In the first instance please send your CV in word format via email to John Harte on mccvsvmagroup.com quoting reference JAH**** VMA Group is the global resourcing specialist for corporate communications. To view all our current vacancies, please visit our website at www.vmagroup.com VMA Group is committed to equal opportunities and is a Diversity Pledged Recruiter. Have you thought about a career in recruitment? Why not work for us? http://vmagroup.com/workforus/