Title: Marketing, PR and Social Media Executive
Webindex: 68683257
Company: Capita Education Resourcing
Description: Capita Education are looking to appoint a Marketing, PR and Social Media Executive based in Westminster, London. Within this varied position, you'll work within a brand new marketing team supporting the Marketing Manager as a '2nd in command' to brainstorm creative marketing ideas, support the implementation of marketing strategies and develop brand awareness. This is an incredibly diverse and rewarding role that offers variety and breadth of experience working across all elements of marketing. About You You are proud of your track record developing effective and creative marketing material, such as web content, newsletters, sales materials, eshots and case studies (we'd like to see some evidence of these with your application). With extensive experience of PR, email marketing, social media, HTML and photo editing software you'll be confident using multiple platforms and your creative flair will ensure you are always thinking outside the box and are innovative in your ideas. You'll be part of our fastpaced and busy team in Westminster, therefore, effective time management, efficient problem solving, accurate writing and artwork proofing skills and the ability to implement a test and learn approach to marketing activity will be essential in order to make this role a success. About Capita Capita Education is one of the leading education recruitment companies in the UK. We work with thousands of schools every week, placing teachers and educational staff into temporary and permanent positions from our 19 offices. As well as being part of the Capita Group, a FTSE 100 company with over **** employees, we have also seen growth across our business with an increase in market share in 2012, new roles being created and investment for new initiatives. These are exciting times for Capita Education. 2013 will enable you to make your mark in this key role as we embark on establishing an internal marketing team, increasing our brand awareness and developing marketing material for newly launched and future projects. How to Apply To be considered for the role of Marketing, PR and Social Media Executive you will ideally have either a Graphic Design or Marketing degree with at least 2 years experience within a full marketing role. You will possess a creative and commercial flair, have an eye for detail and have the ability to build relationships internally and externally. To apply for the role send your CV to Zoe Levett, Internal Recruiter, including a brief cover letter and evidence of marketing material you have created. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingPRandSocialMediaExecutive_job****