Title: Marketing Executive  London
Webindex: 68684555
Company: ALTERNATIVE NETWORKS LTD
Description: Alternative Group is a leading communications and technology integrator which builds and implements intelligent communications and technology solutions for businesses. We use a diverse range of telecommunications and IT technologies to deliver right fit, effective solutions, underpinned by excellent service. Our exclusive billing and management application, Synapse, revolutionises how our clients oversee their telecoms and allows them to run reports on all aspects of their estate, log faults, and ensures they budget correctly. For our clients, it's an integral part of their working life. After a multimillion pound investment, continued product development and organisational growth we are looking for a Marketing and Training Executive to support the Head of Synapse with the marketing, promotion and maintenance of Synapse. Key Responsibilities Accountabilities: Training Provide training on the use of Synapse, to clients and to Sales/ Client Management teams. Prioritise training to deliver optimum sales and retention benefits. Assist in the roll out of new features and functionality across the business, so that all Sales/ Client Management can effectively demonstrate it and articulate the benefits Provide continual, ad hoc, training of Synapse to internal Sales/Client Management functions. Synapse marketing Work to collate analyse data on Synapse utilisation, user nos. and quality. Using this data, formulate ways to drive marketing and activity to target clients; deliver programmes to increase utilisation (perhaps of key functionality) and the quality and numbers of users. Particularly focus on targeting clients that are underutilising Synapse and perhaps not using at the correct level within their organisation (e.g. IT director). This activity to include targeted training and demonstrations and attendance at client meetings with them to provide promote Synapse usage and gather feedback through open questioning. Align marketing activity to ensure it drives sales and retention activity. Analyse data to target existing clients that are approaching contract end; ensure utilisation, quality and number of users are aware of using all relevant features. Propose create Synapse collateral multimedia events where appropriate. Arrange focus groups with key existing or target clients to understand what feature and developments Synapse requires for generic and/or target customers. Competitor Information and benchmarking Understand where the Synapse sits in the market amongst its competitors. Identify key trends in the market and relate this to the development roadmap. Understand and communicate the strengths and weaknesses of competitor products internally to enable our staff to sell against them more effectively. Synapse Social Media Maintain the groups and presence on all social media relating to Synapse, measuring user numbers, their roles, relevance to our target markets etc. Drive uptake and following of social media to existing and prospective clients. Deliver regular content for user nonuser enrichment across all media types. Manage feedback and interactions that come in from social media and email. Marketing Administration Production, collation and management of marketing collateral. Essential Criteria: Previous training experience Previous experience within a marketing role Previous experience in a client facing role of working within a virtual team. Ability to build rapport and effective external and internal working relationships Ability to manipulate analyse numerical and CRM data to deliver conclusions and recommendations and to drive marketing action Desirable Criteria: Previous experience within the telecoms industry Previous sales experience Professional Social Media experience Telecoms experience This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingExecutiveLondon_job****