Title: Event Marketing Trainee
Webindex: 70333191
Company: Strategic Five Marketing
Description: Event Marketing Trainee Location: Birmingham, West Midlands Think your ready to make the leap and step in to this role of a lifetime? Work alongside industry experts and work at top retail events throughout the Birmingham and West Midlands area. At Strategic Five Marketing we interact on a face to face basis with our clients current and new customers which provides consumers with a tailored and unique interaction, allowing them to feel comfortable asking questions and to know they are receiving an honest answer which provides a great experience. Our clients rely on our constant ability to monitor and develop their products and services to stay competitive on the market. We are able to track their products and sales from beginning to end and monitor quality and retention of customers. Due to our success in Birmingham over the past two year our clients are continuing to grow so they have allowed us to expand into the EVENTS DIVISION. We are looking for **** Event Sales Assistants to help us with this new division. What Event Sales Assistants will be in charge of: Providing cost effective Event Marketing solutions at local retail events throughout the Midlands area Specialising in Event Marketing and Face to Face channels Brand Awareness and Customer Acquisition Delivering high end long term quality donors and customers Tailor made sales and marketing strategies to suit each and every client National and International Campaign coverage. What we need from you: Great customer service skills Some relative experience in sales Leadership skills The willingness to learn and develop Great communication skills A Vibrant personality A great team player Immediate start Full product training provided Please provide the reference: EVTS**** when applying and provide the most recent contact details as the administration team will contact shortlisted candidates within **** hours. If you want to maximize your earnings, we recommend attending an interview to meet with management because your initial earnings are based solely on completed customer applications. You will also be asked to spend a full observational day with a member of our company to help determine if the opening is right for you. This is part of our client s evaluation and participants will not receive compensation for their time. Due to the high demand of our growing business we place priority on individuals who are able to start ASAP. What you should do: Please send your CV with the best contact number and a cover letter explaining why you are the right candidate. Only candidates who are being short listed will be contacted for an appointment. ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE WILLING TO COMMUTE TO THE BIRMINGHAM CENTRE CITY ON A DAILY BASIS.