Title: Employee Engagement Programme Manager
Webindex: 68992932
Company: EMR
Description: One of the UK's best known organisations has an exciting opportunity for an Employee Engagement Programme Manager to join their internal communications team. In this unique role, you will play a key part of driving the company's internal engagement programme. Over the course of the year the top 150 senior managers roadshow across the country meeting with thousands of front line staff through internal conferences, Q&As, town halls and site visits. In this role, you will proactively work with senior leaders across the business to project manage all aspects of the employee engagement programme from inception to delivery. Specific tasks will include the management of events (programme and production), preparing comprehensive briefing documents, liaising with business leaders on logistics of events and roadshows, developing and executing measurement and feedback systems for the programme, manage relationships with external suppliers/agencies, and utilise the newly developed online employee engagement platform. As the ideal candidate, you will need a strong track record of project management experience, ideally within an internal communications and/or corporate events context  either inhouse or agencyside. You are able to demonstrate logistical and production ability as well as ideally have have an understanding of effective employee engagement programmes, both virtually and face to face. Most crucially you have an enthusiastic flexible and selfstarting attitude, and are an excellent team player. This is a great opportunity for an ambitious professional to play a key part in one of the most innovative employee engagement programmes in the UK, and this role is a true careerbuilder. Please be in touch for immediate consideration. As we receive such a high volume of applications every day, regretfully, we are only able to respond to successful candidates who will be contacted within two working days. We wish you the best of luck with your search