Title: Marketing and Busniess Development Executive
Webindex: 72684438
Company: Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment
Description: Marketing Executive, Welwyn Garden City, 2429,000 My client, a leading provider of print finishing systems, are looking for an experienced and highly motivated Marketing Executive to join the team. There will be lots of opportunity to use your own ideas and get involved in design work and the overall marketing strategy. This is a varied role that will allow the successful candidate to work with a range of people in a number of different areas of marketing.  Design, monitor and review email campaigns  Successfully manage and be proactive with the CRM system  Lead generation  Organise, promote and attend various exhibitions throughout the year  Run the social media  Brand management  Input into the marketing budget spend  Maintain and update the website  Create and distribute an inhouse newsletter The successful candidate  Excellent communication skills, with clients and the sales team, written and verbal  Highly motivated  Be creative and have the ability to work independently  Be able to get to the offices easily (car allowance provided)  Have experience in a similar industry (e.g. manufacturing) This is a challenging role for an enthusiastic marketer looking to make an impact. The role will report directly to the managing directors and will require the candidate to work closely with the sales manager. There will be lots of opportunity to use your own ideas and get involved in design work and the overall marketing strategy. NB The client is currently based in Perivale but will be moving to Welwyn Garden City in the next 2 months If you have any questions please get in contact. Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment specialises in marketing jobs across Creative, PR, Clientside, Account Handling and Executive. We offer unrivalled opportunities across all specialisms and industry sectors, presenting you with only the best marketing jobs. Although we try to respond to all applications, the high number we receive means this isn`t always possible. If you have not heard from us within **** hours, please assume that your application has not been successful. For more information, visit www.blueskiescareers.co.uk and we`ll make sure we do our best to find you the perfect marketing role.