Title: Sales and Marketing Coordinator  Brazilian Portuguese, London
Webindex: 68374164
Company: System Recruitment
Description: Sales and Marketing Coordinator  Brazilian Portuguese language, Wimbledon Job Type: Temporary Contract – 3 Months with the possibility of a permanent post Location: South West London, Wimbledon Salary: Pro rata ****  Bonus Start Date: ASAP Duration: 3 months Reference: SalMarkBrazil A successful, high profile company in the international cargo sector is now seeking to recruit an experienced Sales and Marketing Coordinator with fluency in English and Brazilian Portuguese languages to work from offices in Wimbledon, South West London. My client wants to create a new temporary position in their London office, reporting to the Regional Manager – Brazil. The position is open immediately. The period of employment is expected to be around three months. If you were to prove yourself as a valuable addition to the company that could be extended and even made permanent. The position calls for a person to engage in Marketing and Customer Service calls. The company have potential clients that they wish to advise about activities in Brazil. They already have a substantial list of clients that they wish to approach and you would be expected to find other potential clients by reviewing publications and web sites. Ideally you will speak Brazilian Portuguese although candidates from Portugal will be considered. The candidate will have a university education and will speak and write fluent English and have a very good phone manner. You will of course, need reasonable computer skills related to sending Emails and use of the Web for searching. Training required to carry out the task which is basically finding the correct person to send company information to will be given. The role will suit individuals currently working as a Sales Executive, Marketing Executive, Marketing Coordinator and have fluent Brazilian Portuguese language skills and living within a commutable distance of Wimbledon, South West London or be willing to relocate. With over 20 years of experience System Recruitment offers excellence in Permanent and Contract recruitment in a wide range of industry sectors. Though we are a generalist agency, a particular strength of ours lies in Information Technology including Technical, Sales and Managerial positions. We are able to tailor our approach to your needs in order to work effectively with you and provide real value.