Title: Graduate Account Manager (PR/Digital Media)
Webindex: 69023198
Company: Grad Central
Description: Are you an Engineering, Electronics or Technology Graduate who has ambition of working within Marketing, PR and Communications? The perfect opportunity has now arisen for a Graduate Account Manager to join a leading PR and Digital Media Agency based in central London. Role: Graduate Account Manager (PR/Digital Media) Location: London, Central Salary: ****  **** (depending on experience) Our client provides a specialist technology service, and therefore require Graduates with a technical degree to join the business, to enable them to work with a variety of clients within the electronics, telecoms and engineering sectors. The successful candidate will support the Account Directors in the delivery of marketing communications campaigns. Furthermore, the role will entail: Client liaison Management of SEO projects Management of client projects Generation of Marcom materials Coordination of client Marcom activities including press release production and distribution Press liaison Report development and generation Presentation development and generation Desk research The successful candidate will be educated to degree level within an Engineering, Electronics or technologically based discipline. Candidates do not require any previous experience, although it would be a significant bonus. Our client requires candidates to be able to demonstrate the drive and determination to pursue this career. In addition, you will be a selfmotivated team player, with naturally confident communication skills. Candidates will be IT literate, especially with Microsoft Office software. Grad Central is a new service aimed at matching the best graduates with companies across the West Midlands and is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. If you have not previously registered on the Grad Central website, by applying for this role you agree to be automatically added to our database of job seekers. You will be issued with login details to your own Grad Central account where you can update your profile with your job preferences, set up job alerts and access our bank of helpful job hunting information. If you do not wish us to hold onto your details you can delete your profile from our database by logging in and following the relevant options. We do not pass on any information to third parties. Please refer to our website for our full terms and conditions