Title: Digital Account Manager  Big name brand
Webindex: 66904920
Company: Ad Lib
Description: We have a new and exciting Digital Account Manager opportunity up for grabs working on a brand new account for a big name consumer brand, so if you`ve got a grounding in agency life and have a good understanding of online and web content, then this could be the one for you. As an Digital Account Manager you`ll have responsibility to ensure the account runs like clockwork from day one. They`re after fantastic account handlers and communicators to produce highly detailed briefs for content / website changes and see web projects through to delivery. A team in Europe are managing the CMS so you`ll brief them on all content and website changes for this big brand global site, coordinating your projects through QA, testing, sign off and delivery phases, whilst also keeping the client up to date and everything documented accurately along the way. Agency experience is essential to be able to hit the ground running, however they`re open to both Account Executive or Junior Account Manager levels. You could be within an integrated or pure digital environment, either way an impeccable attention to detail and good knowledge of digital and content is essential, as is experience creating perfect briefs and communicating them with confidence. Your excellent time management skills will see you juggling multiple projects with ease and delivering on time, with a flexible and professional approach. And if you`re fluent in Italian or have interests in automotive brands this will be the icing on the cake, but not essential. In return you can expect a salary of ****k  ****k depending on experience, plus benefits and the occasional trip to Europe too. As a growing agency they also offer good long term prospects for the future too, both on this and other accounts. Based in Wiltshire in lovely offices they're an easy commute from Bristol, Bath or Swindon areas. They need to move quickly so if you, or anyone you might know, could tick all the boxes then please don`t hesitate to get in touch.