Title: B&Q Customer Insight Analyst  Bespoke
Webindex: 71844015
Company: B&Q PLC
Description: Role Purpose To manage and communicate research and insight activities to develop a deep understanding of the Home Improvement customer, competitor and market, to drive profitable growth and support delivery of B Q objectives. Role Objectives Designs and manages qualitative and quantitative research projects, from inception to delivery, with third party agencies. Applying best in class analytical and research methodologies. Develops strong relationships to influence the B Q agenda with customer, competitor and market findings. Champions customer led decision drive profitable growth and support delivery of B Q goals. Provides actionable insight, communicating this simply and clearly at all levels of the business and for all channels (store, web, mobile, call centre). Sources, analyses and summarises secondary external or internal data where appropriate. Liaises and partners with other teams within Customer Insight to deliver comprehensive and joinedup insight with behavioural analysis Communicates B Q's progress against customer measures and makes recommendations for improving the customer experience. Takes responsibility for specific Insight projects or challenges and works with other teams within the Insight team to produce and communicate final results and recommendations. Knowledge/Skills/Experience Required Essential skills: Proven experience in research and/or strategic planning experience with a proven ability to investigate, evaluate and analyse information to produce actionable insight to agreed deadlines. Knowledge of a variety of qualitative and quantitative research techniques with the ability to define the most appropriate research methods to meet objectives. Analytical; understands and can apply analytical and research techniques to answer business questions. IT skills  basic data analysis skills using Excel. Confident in using PowerPoint for preparing engaging presentations Knowledge and experience: Curiosity; has an innate passion and curiosity for understanding and investigating customer behaviour and how this can improve business performance. Customer focussed; understands the needs of internal and external customers, responds promptly and ensures the customer is at the forefront of their thinking. Commercial awareness; is able to context insight and recommendations through a good understanding of business drivers and dynamics (including highlevel strategy, sales, costs, profits, competitor activity). Excellent interpersonal skills, able to proactively network across functions and influence at all levels. Strong verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to moderate groups and clearly communicate insights. Good organisation skills with the ability to manage simultaneous projects across differing stakeholders.