Title: Marketing & Social Media Manger
Webindex: 71431576
Company: Rokit Ltd
Description: New Year resolution, get a great new Job. If you have the talent we have the opportunity. Our brand new web site will be up and running shortly. Established in 1986, ROKIT is a strong and influential brand. Our products are worn by trend setters from movie stars to football players, pop stars to TV personalities; we are a source for stylists, the press, and an inspiration for half the designers in London and beyond. We are regularly featured in over **** major magazines a month. At ROKIT we not only recycle clothing: we have a workshop where our own team of designers customize vintage clothing and fabrics to create new and unique pieces. We do all this here in London. We are entirely sweatshop free and do not use Third World sweatshop labour. We have our own line of high quality handmade shoes designed and made here in the UK by one of Britain’s oldest specialist shoe manufacturers. ROKIT is a London institution. ROKIT already has a successful web site, even though by today’s standards our present site leaves much to be desired. Our new site which will be up and running shortly is state of the art and for which we have great expectations and plans for growth. This is an opportunity for the right candidate to take charge, and manage the ROKIT brand, marketing and social media channels in order to take us to the next level with our new web site. The successful candidate must really understand the latest developments in social media, have at least two years experience managing social media for a web site and some experience in the marketing field. You must be a high achiever, focused, self motivated and really get a buzz out of seeing the results of your labours. You will be responsible for all aspects of ROKIT’S social media management including but not limited to: Our Blogs, Twitter, Facebook, Pintrest, Flickr, Instagram and ENewsletters. Experience in events and promotional campaigns would be an advantage. You will be representing the voice and personality of the ROKIT brand through promoting and increasing our online presence. You will also be working with stylists, bloggers, PR companies, magazine editors and the crew from our existing shops and our graders and pricers in the warehouse (all good people). You must be positive, approachable and motivate others. You must be energetic and creative, a sound copywriter generating copy on a daily basis to raise the company profile. You need to be skillful at promoting product and providing interesting and engaging content relevant to the ROKIT brand, thereby increasing traffic and sales to the site. You must have excellent analytical skills, a good knowledge of SEO and the ability to work to deadlines. A background in fashion and some knowledge of vintage clothing will be an asset. As a member of our team you will also have important input into the products we carry and the expansion envisioned. We are offering a reasonable wage plus a great bonus which will reflect the effort you put into the job. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingSocialMediaManger_job****