Title: German speaking Design and Marketing Executive
Webindex: 68688022
Company: Language Matters
Description: A successful luxury beauty company with wide international exposure is currently looking for a German speaking Design and Marketing Executive to join their dynamic and busy team. As the German speaking Design and Marketing Executive, your responsibilities will be to create/manage content, translate, edit and monitor the German version of their website and all other relevant online outlets used by the company's marketing dept. The German speaking Design and Marketing Executive will also be required to offer creative input and marketing strategy thus ensuring an effective online presence. The successful candidate will be actively responsible for a wide range of design and online marketing projects, where campaigns will be actively launched and monitored on the company's websites and other digital outlets. Excellent verbal and written communication skills in both German and English are essential to be successful in this role along with a positive and independent attitude always delivering to the highest standards and relevance. Profile Fluent German and English, written and spoken Solid and proven experience editing content and articles for websites and online media outlets Proven track record of marketing, managing website and online content/implementation projects Passion for beauty and luxury products with an excellent understanding of the online platform High level of communication skills in offering excellent support to clients Previous translation project experience is essential Ability to multitask and prioritise work with attention to detail Proficiency with Excel, PowerPoint and other translation programs is required NB: If you have applied for any other languagematters vacancy there is no need to reapply, as your CV will be considered for all of our vacancies that match your language skills and work experience. We work constantly to provide equal opportunities for all, regardless of age, gender, ethnicity, social background, religion, disability or sexuality. NB. Client requirements dictate that we can only accept applications from candidates who are available for facetoface interviews in the UK within 24 hours. Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK or hold a valid work permit. Please note that we contact successful candidates within **** working days. We will consider you for all our vacancies now and in the future. Please do not reapply unless requested to do so. Language Matters is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GermanspeakingDesignandMarketingExecutive_job****