Title: Magazine and Media Coordinator
Webindex: 68711769
Company: National Federation of Fish Friers
Description: The National Federation of Fish Friers (NFFF) is the official voice of the UKs fish and chip industry. Established in 1913 its head office and Fish Frying Skills Training Centre is located in Meanwood, Leeds. We are looking for a highly organised and efficient media coordinator to join our small team of head office administrators who look after our membership, quality accreditation scheme, training, industry qualifications and other NFFF initiatives. This is an exciting and varied opportunity that would ideally suit someone with a B2B sales, customer service or communications background and a flair for journalism or creative writing. The role holder will be responsible for coordinating the Federation's media, this includes the NFFF website, external PR and communications, and an industry magazine which is produced and published eight times a year and ranks in the top three industry publications. Magazine: The role holder will be responsible for ensuring the optimum amount of advertising income is received for each six weekly issue, planning the layout and content of the publication, writing and editing articles, collating content, images and artwork, submission to the designers and seeing the magazine through to publication and distribution. Website : Duties include the management and maintenance of the website, ensuring the look and functionality of the website is in keeping with preagreed objectives. Liaising with an external web design team to ensure the website is kept up to date with relevant news items and content on a daily basis. PR: L iaising with the NFFF management team to prepare, distribute and manage external communications from the NFFF, including press releases and group emailing to members and associate members. Writing PR for various NFFF activities and initiatives B2B and consumer facing. Essential Skills/Experience : Experience with MS Office applications including Word, Excel and Outlook (Word Press desirable). Competent use of internet and search engines. Effective written and verbal communications skills. Ability to communicate effectively at all levels. Effective numeracy skills. Ability to work to tight deadlines. Ability to multitask and prioritise workloads. Ability to convert enquiries to sales. Proven experience in telesales and cold calling with positive results. Personal profile: Self reliant with a real can do attitude. Enthusiastic team player. Great organisational skills. Excellent telephone manner. High standard in customer care. Good attention to detail. Good sense of humour. Car owner preferred, with full clean driving license. Hours: Office hours Monday to Friday. Occasional weekends (**** or **** a year) to attend industry exhibitions and events. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MagazineandMediaCoordinator_job****