Title: Middleweight Graphic Designer
Webindex: 69686183
Company: White Label UK Ltd
Description: Middleweight Graphic Designer  Experienceled Creative Agency Leicester Square ****K  benefits White Label is an experienceled creative agency. We work with brand collaboratively to create meaningful connections through memorable experience. Driven by live activation and amplified throughtheline, White Label delivers integrated communications helping to make brands socially and culturally relevant. Now in our **** th year, White Label is looking for a middleweight Graphic Designer with 3 years of experience to lead the charge across all our visual output. This is a tremendous opportunity for an ambitious designer to make a careerdefining move The Role: Managing all of our creative design output across a variety of consumer touch points, this role is perfect for someone with the ability to develop and deliver innovative and creative design concepts across a variety of media. The output of our creative work is fairly diverse and as such, you will need to be comfortable working across a whole range of disciplines including POS, print, packaging, press and digital. You must be passionate about design and brands and excel both creatively and technically. You must also have a solid understanding of integrated marketing and be a great communicator, as you will often need to manage other agencies. This is a sole designer role, so you must be selfmotivated, results driven and demonstrate a thirst for new trends and popular culture. Key Skills: Extensive knowledge and understanding of the production process and methods, including key art working, retouching, and visualizing skills Core understanding of the latest Adobe Creative Suite (including Photoshop, InDesign and Illustrator essential) Experience in adhering to brand guidelines The proven ability to work well under pressure, handle multiple projects and estimate realistic deadlines and meet them Ability to manage a design studio, including creating and enforcing design processes Additional digital knowledge such as Flash, Dreamweaver and After Effect skills, an asset We are looking for someone who is naturally collaborative, but is comfortable managing all aspects of the design department on his/her own. Someone who is professional, yet sociable. Someone who is smart in the way they design and operate. As well as someone who is engaging and always curious to learn new things. If this sounds like your cuppa tea, please click the Apply now button below