Title: Account Director – Oxford  Salary up to **** depending on experience – Ref ****
Webindex: 69247714
Company: ALLEN ASSOCIATES
Description: If you have exceptional time management skills with the ability to proactively manage others, this could be the perfect opportunity for you to really make a role your own. Our client, a globally recognised organisation, is seeking a driven individual with extensive account management experience, gained within the Pharmaceutical industry, to join their forward thinking and handson team. It will be your responsibility to act as line manager to a team of Account Managers and Executives. You will agree annual targets with clients and will report to the Client Services Director. You will ensure all client issues are identified and resolved effectively whilst upholding quality customer service. Other key responsibilities of the role will also include; identifying opportunities for additional business, supporting sales, marketing and business development teams. You will be required to oversee and manage new client deployment, having some involvement in major client operations. To be successful in this role you will have proven senior level client management experience gained within the pharmaceutical sector. You will also have excellent communication skills, including outstanding employee management skills with the ability to build and maintain strong working relationships with both staff and clients. You will be comfortable working in a team environment with excellent presentation and interpersonal skills. Other ideal attributes are: Possessing the knowledge and abilities to understand client needs, utilising problem solving skills to deal with potential client issues IT literate and confident using Word, Excel and PowerPoint Excellent time management and organisation skills Experience of managing employees and teams English and Maths GCSE C grade or above, educated to a degree level If you are interested in applying, please email your CV and covering email including current and required salary details Allen Associates is one of Oxfordshire s leading recruitment companies, with Marketing, Finance, PA/Admin, Human Resources and Temporary divisions. As part of our assessment process it is a requirement for all potentially suitable candidates to visit to our offices. Interviews will be arranged by prior appointment once your CV has been screened by a Consultant. Allen Associates only operates in the UK and can only process applications from candidates who are currently eligible to live and work in the UK. Allen Associates is an Equal Opportunities Employer and operates as an Employment Agency for permanent recruitment and an Employment Business for temporary recruitment.