Title: Marketing Manager  Health sector
Webindex: 70767939
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Capita Health and Wellbeing is the fastest growing division within Capita plc, providing healthcare products and services to private sector businesses, the NHS and independent healthcare providers. Our services include performance improvement systems and consultancy, occupational health services, decision support software, benchmarking tools, market research, provision of medical helplines, and medical assessment and reporting. Capita Health and Wellbeing currently have a vacancy for an experienced Marketing Manager to join this high calibre team and help drive growth across the division. This is a great opportunity to work across a number of businesses in both product and service marketing, utilising the full range of marketing tools to create a tangible impact on business performance. Understand market and business needs and support the marketing partner in developing tailored strategies and marketing plans for each business. Assist with the tracking, measuring and reporting on the performance of campaigns. Carry out competitor and market research and analysis. Develop and update marketing material e.g. supplier liaison (design and print), copywriting, proof reading, ensuring brand compliance, distribution both internally and externally. Develop new content/ideas to engage target audience via social media and add posts to social media sites  currently Twitter and LinkedInTo be successful in your application, you should demonstrate the following skills and experience: Practical experience across a range of marketing activities Good copywriting skills  able to understand key messages and create compelling content Able to work under pressure and to tight deadlines Understanding of how to segment markets and position businesses/products in different target markets Knowledge and or experience of the Healthcare sector would be also be beneficial Please note there will be some travel to Basingstoke Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us