Title: Research Director (Qualitative)  Healthcare
Webindex: 68540573
Company: RP CUSHING
Description: RPCushing are working in partnership with one of the most innovative and highly respected, full service domestic and international research agencies who operate predominantly within the Healthcare and pharmaceutical sectors. This is an incredible opportunity to join a company who regard their employees extremely highly giving them autonomy to get involved in many aspects of the research. Employees are put on projects from the beginning and are expected to juggle multiple projects at any one time, keeping you busy and offering immense variety into your working day. The organisation have split teams accordingly so that researchers can concentrate on research because administration and field support is offered elsewhere within the business. Whilst the organisation do expect diligent, hard work from their employees, in return they offer a superb working environment with a healthy work life balance, coupled with the opportunity to work on some unique and interesting projects. As the Research Director, you will contribute to the profitability of the group, through the effective and efficient implementation, delivery and marketing of the organisations range of services and adhoc projects. The Director should be able to share ideas of genuine market research expertise that can provide a competitive edge for the organisation. It will be a varied and challenging role and will include; taking the lead on project design, fieldwork, analysis, interpretation and presentation writing for all research projects. You will also be involved commercially with business development of existing and new clients. You will continue to develop research skills and build areas of expertise and excellence thereby adding to the companies ethos of quality, innovation and creativity in pursuit of delivering clear and compelling research outcomes that meet and surpass the client's objective. So if you have demonstrable experience in the pharma sector with strong qualitative skills and excellent people management skills, then this is your chance to progress your career with a hugely respected company. For more information and a confidential chat, please submit your CV with a short synopsis of why you are interested in and right for this vacancy. All applications are treated confidentially.