Title: Marketing and Media Executive
Webindex: 68668080
Company: One To One Recruitment
Description: A selfmotivated, proactive, enthusiastic and ambitious marketing professional is required to implement a marketing and sales plan for a well established, entrepreneurial company in York. This position seeks an outgoing individual with a solid foundation of marketing knowledge and experience who is looking for the next step up in their career. Ideally possessing a qualification or relevant degree in this area, the successful candidate will be responsible for the strategic and operational duties of the marketing department. The role holder will be responsible for producing press releases, news articles, trade articles and coordinating PR activity on a local and national level. Responsible for the communication of the company brand ensuring all collateral, communication, content and tone of voice is in line with the brand identity. Managing and regularly updating the company’s social media and social networking sites. Driving online activity to social mediums, providing reports on website traffic and social media activity. Responsible for the coordination of direct mail and email campaigns ensuring appropriate messages are sent out to relevant audiences in good time. The successful candidate will have a good working knowledge of Photoshop to produce designs inline with the company brand and will have had experience of working with outside agencies to produce design and print. Experience of project management and coordination of exhibition attendance would be beneficial but is not a requirement. The role will also require the successful candidate to work alongside others to make outbound calls to prospective clients, to make appointments for the organisations Account Executives. This position will give the successful individual the opportunity to shape the role and be a key influencer in the development of this companies’ marketing and social media strategy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingandMediaExecutive_job****