Title: No Experience Needed  Start Today
Webindex: 72482148
Company: Tempest Elite Marketing
Description: No Experience Needed  Start Today  Immediate starts available  Central location  Fun environment If you love talking to people and want to make money while you do, then this is the opportunity for you. Onsite product training provided. We are looking for anyone with a passion for helping others and or a desire to make fast money. This leading, well established company is known for its highly developed, streamlined management and marketing systems. Placing importance on independence, impartiality and unbiased technical insight, this role is attractive to individuals seeking recognition, work/life balance and professional growth. Previous telemarketing experience is an advantage however onsite product training is provided. Must be bright and bubbly with customers and enjoy talking to people, must be enthusiastic and driven towards goals and targets. Successful applicants will have the chance to work in one of our two main programs; Entrylevel Sales and Customer Service. We have an impressive record in training people with no industry experience, into confident, highly skilled sales people. If you re a fast learner and love dealing with people or have Hospitality or Bar experience, this could be for you. Team Management/Business Development. These openings are available for the more ambitious. We are looking for competent individuals we can fasttrack through our entrylevel sales program, to help us manage and coordinate future campaigns, sales teams and clients. This is an excellent platform to develop in a business role. We are, therefore, seeking an individual that is ambitious and driven to exceed all sales expectations. All compensation is paid weekly and is based entirely on the individuals completed sales at the end of the financial week. Compensation involves uncapped earnings and bonuses. Related searches: junior no experience graduate school leaver college sales trainee marketing customer gap year