Title: Community Manager/ Consumer / Central London
Webindex: 66701645
Company: Foundry, The
Description: Do you love social media? Do you want to make followers and online communities fall in love with brands? This exciting integrated communications agency is looking for a Community Manager and social media whizz. Community Manager/ Consumer / Central London c **** Historically, this is an issuesbased communications consultancy built around award winning behavioural change work within the consumer space, but it has developed over recent years to be a properly integrated and lithe business with digital, advertising and planning as well as design capabilities. After some exciting new business wins in the last few months, it wants to take on a bright, gogetting and social media savvy Community Manager as soon as possible. You ll have a passion for blogging, microblogging and relationship building and will live and breathe social media, staying uptodate on all different functionalities of all major social networks, including Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Google, Pinterest, Instagram and Tumblr. You ll be familiar with various analytics tools and will be able to keep pace with online buzz and start exciting conversations. Is this you? You ll be expected to manage and implement the editorial plans for large consumer accounts, each with their different requirements for content. As the go to person for each community, you will be proficient in analysing insight data and will be able to feed this back to the rest of the team (including senior management) in a way that is clear and digestible. This position is equivalent to an Account Manager level role, so you ll have experience of managing people, will be naturally creative and strategic and will be an excellent written and verbal communicator. If you can demonstrate your creativity and love for social media through your own published articles and/or blog posts, that s even better. This is an excellent opportunity for a budding social media guru of the future. If you have intellectual gravitas and a hunger for working in an extremely integrated way, get in touch by sending your CV to Hetta at The Foundry bestthefoundry.co.uk Job Ref. HR**** www.thefoundry.co.uk