Title: Senior Account Manager, Experiential, FMCG, Entertainment, London, ****k
Webindex: 69858203
Company: Dynamic New Alliances
Description: The Agency: A leading Experiential agency, based in a desirable part of Central London in a fantastic office. They are a pureplay experiential agency, multi award winning, covering everything from brand activation, field marketing, festivals, sampling campaigns, PR stunts, Gorilla Marketing the whole experiential remit. They are around **** people strong, which covers everything from client services, project/operations management, strategy, creative and everything else that goes with a wellstructured and established agency. The Role: This agency, ranked very highly in the UK, is looking for a Senior Account Manager to work across a number of brands, predominantly within the FMCG and Entertainment sectors. The work will cover festivals, sampling, gorilla marketing and will involve a high level of strategy and creative thinking. As a Senior Account Manager you will report directly into an Account Director and Manager an Account Executive and Account Manager. The role will be very client facing, dealing with client issues on a daily basis, requiring the Senior Account Manager to act as a consultant, helping their brands grow through creating award winning campaigns. This fantastic opportunity also comes with plenty of scope to progress from |Senior Account Manager to Account Director. The Ideal Candidate: The ideal Senior Account Manager will be highly skilled in delivering small and large scale Experiential campaigns. Experience working with FMCG clients would be highly advantageous but not essential. What is really important is an ability to think strategically and really understand the brand and the aim of the client. In terms of personality, this is a lively agency with a great social element to work life. They are looking for someone who can really fit in and add to the atmosphere in the office, in a really positive way. Also, someone with management experience would be ideal as this opportunity comes with people to manage. This is a fantastic role, with plenty of scope to progress and grow in a top experiential agency. We expect a high number of applications so please don t hesitate to apply but understand that we cannot get back to everyone if your application is unsuccessful.