Title: Head of CRM
Webindex: 69201423
Company: Select Recruitment Gibraltar
Description: SRGEurope are delighted to be recruiting a Head of CRM for one of Gibraltars leading Online Gaming businesses. They are one of the world's leading independent bookmaking and gaming groups. This Gaming business currently attracts customers from more than 160 countries. The company's rapid growth in the last ten years has taken the industry by storm. The call centre handles thousands of bets every day both from the UK and abroad. The successful Head of CRM will look to develop the CRM process that underpins the daytoday customer communication process including contacting all live, lapsed, registeredonly and other customer classifications contained within the database. Targeting, segmentation, crosssell and crosscommunication initiatives will be required to help drive as much value as possible from the existing customer base. The main responsibility of the Head of CRM will be to provide plans and directives for driving forward and increasing active customer numbers through the provision of strong CRM policy. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES OF THE HEAD OF CRM:  To grow and develop active weekly/monthly customers  Help maximise revenue returns from the existing customer base  Responsibility for planning all retention based and reactivation based activity within the business and to outline a schedule for doing this  Manage all points of outbound communication with prospects and players  Identify clear crossselling opportunities between customers, products and departments  Create a suite of communication templates that can be used for various campaigns to targeted and segmented groups of customers  Create and manage promotions to help acquire new players  Develop a series of reporting templates that help provide clear evaluation of all CRM activity and help display its impact on the business  Work with the various teams across Sportsbook, Casino, Poker, Affiliates, Online and Offline marketing and creative to help maximise CRM output and effectiveness  Be responsible and accountable for forecasting and budgeting all costs and expenditures and ensure accurate and timely reporting of all ROI?s and revenues.  Ensure any capital or resource requirement is supported by a thorough and concise business plan  Handle and evaluate unsolicited enquiries and marketing opportunities from any/all relevant thirdparty prospects  Ensure the CRM team have relevant KPI?s and their performance is managed accordingly  Identify and address any training and development needs of the CRM team The successful Head of CRM will be expected to integrate all CRM activity with other areas of the business in order to create a consistency of communication. Therefore good internal communication skills with an ability to influence and convince others within the business will be imperative to help promote the benefits of CRM to the wider Executive management team. QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS & EXPERIENCE OF THE HEAD OF CRM:  Be able to work in a structured way in a fastpaced environment  Demonstrate a track record of having delivered similar policy in a previous role  Express a genuine interest in developing the businesses CRM process  Have at least a **** year background in Betting and Gaming  Be a strong communicator, with good interpersonal skills.  Be confident in liaising with all levels of management The successful Head of CRM will be offered a full time contract with a high basic salary and market leading benefits package. If you feel you have the relevant skills and experience for this role then please apply immediately. Skills: | CRM | Customer Relationship Management | Sportsbook | Casino | Poker | Affiliates | Online | Offline | Marketing | Customer Retention | Gaming | Betting Manager | Customer Communication |