Title: Marketing Manager  entrepreneurial technology provider
Webindex: 71408470
Company: AD LIB
Description: It`s exciting times for this centrally located cutting edge technology provider. With business booming, they are now looking to bring in a talented Marketing Manager to help the business continue to flourish in particular the US, Australia and Asia. If you have a passion and interest in technology, an awareness of the ever changing market and a real interest in being part of it, coupled with a cando` attitude and a strong marketing and digital background then this could be the role for you  Working closely with the Head of Marketing you`ll be instrumental in supporting the success of the business` marketing strategy. Bringing with you a wealth of ideas and knowledge, you`ll enjoy a varied role including brand development, PR, digital marketing and the chance to be involved with industry specific events. The development and execution of marketing plans and campaigns, both online and offline, will be your responsibility and you will demonstrate a real enthusiasm and understanding for social media, SEO, Google Analytics/Adwords and online PR. You`ll enjoy autonomy, constantly seeking opportunities to market and increase awareness and tracking the success of your work. To apply you`ll be degree educated and CIM/CAM qualified, and will demonstrate at least 3 years commercial experience. You will be analytical, organised and have strong project management skills; confidence and the ability to build rapport easily will come naturally to you and you should be incredibly motivated and ambitious. Ideally you will have experience of working within a company during a period of growth and change and have run your own website or blog. You will also have CMS experience and a knowledge of WordPress and HTML. Excellent copywriting abilities and a strong interest in apps, smartphones, blogging and social media and the technology sector as a whole will be the icing on the cake. In return you can expect a salary of up to ****k, dependent on experience, and an exceptional benefits package encompassing private health insurance, stakeholder pension scheme and flexitime. If you, or anyone you know can tick these boxes, then contact Hannah at ADLIB, we are looking to shortlist asap