Title: Insight / Marketing Analyst  Leading Euro ecommerce client 
Webindex: 71962677
Company: PeopleGenius Ltd
Description: Our clients are a Global ecommerce travel company with a presence in over 160 countries. We re looking for an accomplished Insight / Marketing Analyst with excellent Analytical skills to join their Intelligence team. Candidates would ideally have a second, SouthernEuropean language, though this is not a prerequisite The role involves defining business needs, developing related analyses from Sales and Marketing, modelling and providing recommendations to senior stakeholders. You ll assist in the forecasting processes, conduct appropriate statistical analyses and participate in complex business analyses projects from concept to completion  interacting with various global departments. You ll also work closely with the ETL team to prioritise tasks, though no technical data warehousing skills are needed. This role is an excellent opportunity to develop within a global company  and will require regular travel across the EU. You ll require the following skills and experience to go forward for interview:  First and foremost you ll have a strong background in solving complex business problems with modelling and analytical solutions.  Ecommerce / Travel industry experience would be highly beneficial  Must have highly advanced Excel skills, with VBA ideally  A Degree in Maths, Stats, Economics etc would be a prerequisite  You ll be highly flexible and able to adapt to meet business needs. This really is an excellent role with some amazing benefits and opportunities available within this rapidly growing, exciting company. Please feel free to call or email Dan Holdsworth of PeopleGenius Ltd in order to discuss this role in more depth. A Full role profile is available on request. You must have the right to work in the EU in order to apply for this role. Keywords: Marketing Analyst, Insight Analyst, Senior Analyst, Senior Marketing Analyst, Senior Insight Analyst, ecommerce, Insight Analyst, Senior Marketing Analyst, Senior Business Analyst London, South East, City, South London, Victoria, West London, East London, North London, Essex, Surrey, Hertfordshire, Buckinghamshire