Title: PPC Search Engine Marketing Executive
Webindex: 70677176
Company: Adam Recruitment Limited
Description: Our Client, a leading sports equipment retailer with a growing ecommerce team, is currently searching for a talented Search Engine Marketing Executive with a background focusing mainly in PPC. This opportunity for a Search Engine Marketing Executive to join the business comes as a result of recent relocation of the companies offices, following excellent profits and an increase of investment in the Ecommerce team. The successful candidate will be responsible for planning, optimising, implementing and analysing natural and paid search engine marketing activities. Since ecommerce is the growth area for the my Client, this opportunity is naturally vital for the future growth of the business. The candidate will assume responsibility for primarily paid search, but will also work very closely with the organic SEO team members. The Search Engine Marketing Executive will possess a solid understanding of online retail, and have a strong background focused on payperclick (PPC). This role requires the ability to operate on both a strategic and tactical level, touching all aspects of the search marketing roadmap including keyword management, creation of campaign messaging, bidding strategies, creative testing, and analytics. Key Responsibilities Management of the P/L of the channel by tracking, reporting, and analysing all PPC initiatives and campaigns; responsible for forecasting and budgeting and reporting of performance to budget of channel. Manage the daytoday search marketing activities across multiple search engines (Google, Yahoo, MSN, Bing, etc.) including the campaign planning, implementation, budget management, performance review, and optimisation of paid search campaigns. Partner with 3rd parties to deliver PPC and SEO strategies Responsibilities include keyword research (discovery and expansion), review and editing of creative copy (titles and descriptions), review and analysis of web site performance metrics, and optimisation of campaigns. Grow and optimise our keywords portfolio through testing (A/B and Multivariate) with ad copy, landing pages, bidding strategies, negative keywording, etc. Develop near and longterm PPC account strategies, roadmaps and execute daytoday tactics that increase revenue, site traffic, conversion and margins across UK and International markets Integrate strategies and recommendations into other active marketing channels such as Email Marketing and Social Media. Knowledge Skills Required Of Graduate caliber Experience managing paid and natural search programs for wellestablished online retailers Should hold some combination of the following certifications: Google Adwords Certification, Google Analytics Certification, Yahoo Ambassador, etc. Requires handson knowledge of best practices in SEM and a proven trackrecord of delivering qualified traffic from both an acquisition and conversion standpoint Strong analytical skills with ability to drive meaningful actions from large data sets Fundamental knowledge and experience with web analytical tools and interfaces, especially Google Analytics, is required Web platform experience including content management and ecommerce systems preferable Ability to multitask and prioritise in a fastpaced and dynamic work environment Posted by Doug Elliott of Adam Recruitment Ltd To apply for this PPC Opportunity, click Apply Now