Title: Marketing Manager  Retail
Webindex: 68407761
Company: Noble Lancaster Partnership
Description: Marketing Manager, Retail Location Walsall – West Midlands – Major Food Retailer Salary **** to **** (depending on experience) Reports to: Head of Marketing Job Summary Manage the delivery of agreed marketing programmes for the company which will assist in achieving its strategic aims, objectives and financial goals. The role demands that the colleague delivers monitors and evaluates marketing campaigns within budget to support the overall strategy of the business in a way that maximises return on investment. Other responsibilities include monitoring and evaluating customer research, market conditions, competitor data and implementing marketing plans using a broad marketing mix, including CRM and ecommerce, to increase profitable sales and customer retention. Overall responsibility is held by the post holder for all marketing, advertising and promotional activities. However, occasionally situations may arise that require the post holder to perform other duties or tasks as may be reasonably requested by the Company . Candidate Profile The post holder will have previous retail marketing management / supervisory and budgetary experience and will be a strong leader who leads by example. They will also have an excellent knowledge of the latest marketing techniques. The post holder must be a real people person with a positive, can do approach; someone who is comfortable handling multiple, often conflicting opinions, and has a real passion for putting customers at the heart of all activities. The post holder will be a good decision maker, highly organised and an effective communicator with the ability to influence, develop and build relationships with key stakeholders and able to lead a team effectively to achieve optimum performance. The post holder must also be able to drive as travel to various retail outlets will be necessary. Qualifications Degree holder or equivalent qualification within Marketing. Minimum 4 years’ experience within retail marketing environment and a proven track record of performance. Key Responsibilities The post holder shall:  Take responsibility for the Retail marketing function and manage the Retail marketing team.  Develop strategic p lan s to drive retail sales above and beyond the normal promotional cycle.  I mplement and communicate campaigns / initiatives with clear objectives, budgets a nd timelines.  Strategically plan and launch CRM to effectively target customers members with an aim of deepening loyalty, and retaining customers.  Work closely with ecommerce to develop our online marketing presence.  Develop and deliver coordinated marketing plans for store launches / retail initiatives, supported by sound business proposals.  Gain buyin and support for initiatives by building good working relationships with marketing colleagues, key suppliers and other key teams within the Retail Group e.g. Store Operations Central Operations.  Liaise and provide support to Central Operations in the generation and delivery of promotional and marketing communications.  Be responsible for the production, delivery and distribution of the Retail Food promotional materials.  Manage a small number of team members and utilise indirect resource effectively.  Understand up to date marketing techniques and the wider Retail Industry.  Resp onsible for ensuring Marketing S ervices meets its agreed service level agreements ( SLA ’s)  T ake reasonable care for the health and safety of themselves and of others who may be affected by their acts at work. In addition, all employees are expected to work within the terms of their contract of employment and adhere to Company policies and procedures.