Title: Email Marketing Project Manager
Webindex: 69734102
Company: Jobs at Capita
Description: An exceptional opportunity for an experienced Email Marketing Project Manager to join this exciting health division of a FTSE 100. The NHS Information Service for Parents(ISP) is an email and SMS service which launched in May 2012 and already has over ****k users. The service allows expectant parents and those with young babies to sign up to regular emails and text messages providing them with information on pregnancy and parenting. We are looking for a highly organised project manager to coordinate the ISP programme of work on a daytoday basis. A key part of the role consists in identifying technical issues and ensuring they are rapidly resolved. Key Responsibilities:  Respond to all technical service desk tickets in a timely fashion and ensure all ISP service desk tickets are being handled properly  Investigate any wider technical problems and ensure rapid resolution  Keep project team and esp. product lead informed of any serious technical issues  Escalate serious issues to avoid impact on a wider group of users or on reputation of ISP  Come with up with practical suggestions that would reduce the number of technical issues raised by users.  Day to day management of email supplier  Work closely with project management and delivery team on all technical delivery  Write instructions for internal use on how to resolve common minor technical issues  Set up, chair document weekly meetings with internal ISP team/ with email supplier/ with project team, ensuring named individuals are given clear actions and deadlines  Create and maintain a highlevel project plan identifying key dates for further developments to ISP products as well as regular monthly deliverables such as the management report  Work with closely DH colleagues involved in ISP programme  Seek opportunities for partnership/crosspromotion with third parties  Work closely with reporting team and ISP Editor to ensure reports are delivering the intelligence required by the business and the client  Work with Customer Insight team to help them develop research proposals etc to gather user satisfaction data etc on ISP  Work with the SEO Manager on optimising ISP and SEM work  Monitor performance of emails/microsite/social media/SMS and work with team to find ways of improving them  Assist with the creation and updating of automations in the email system  Coordinate regular testing of signup functionality on emails and sms  Work on ISP subprojects as and when required.  Coordinate email design changes  Liaison with social media manager, to inform their plans for the ISP social media channels The Email Marketing Project Manager should have a strong background in project management, good knowledge of digital products experience in email marketing. A good understanding of product development and good written skills is also important. Excellent long term development career potential.Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.