Title: PR Account Manager  Food & Drink PR
Webindex: 67393479
Company: Fresh Connect Recruitment
Description: A wellrespected London PR agency, specializing in Food & Drink is looking for a new Account Manager to join their team of PR professionals. Working on a number of wellknown brands on Food & Drink accounts, you will take a hands on role collaborating closely with colleagues on PR strategy and making sure the best results are delivered to a range of excellent clients. Taking a key role and working on some innovative and influential PR campaigns you must have experience motivating, inspiring and influencing other team members to create the dramatic results your clients expect. The successful candidate will be highly confident working across Internationally known Food & Drink brands and will continuously endeavor to exceed client expectations and meet their demands and business objectives. To be considered you should also have client servicing ability and a wide knowledge of Food & Drink PR as well as consumer/brand PR and the PR Industry overall. Presentation skills are vital along with excellent written and spoken communication skills. In order to be eligible for this exciting position, you must be an expert when it comes to Food & Drink PR. Excellent communication and media relations skills are completely vital and experience working on big brands would also be considered highly advantageous. You will benefit from working at a firstrate agency and flourish within a highly supportive environment. If you have the passion for Consumer PR, love Food and Drink accounts and are commerciallyminded, apply today For this and similar vacancies, please contact Julia Fenwick on **** **** **** or email juliafreshconnect.co.uk. Account Manager, Senior Account Executive, Junior Account Manager, Public Relations agency, Consumer PR agency, Food PR, Drinks PR, Consumer PR, Brand PR, FMCG PR, Brand Communications, Food PR, Drink PR, London. Account Manager, Senior Account Executive, Junior Account Manager, Public Relations agency, Consumer PR agency, Food PR, Drinks PR, Consumer PR, Brand PR, FMCG PR, Brand Communications, Food PR, Drink PR, London.