Title: Internal Communications Business Partner
Webindex: 69930071
Company: Badenoch Clark
Description: Working for a well known UK brand, you will play a pivotal role in supporting the development and management of internal communications within this fast paced, complex business. Reporting to the Head of Internal Communications, you will join a large team of IC professionals and work together to develop creative and engaging communications, which will support this companys growth agenda. You will also provide bespoke internal communications support to group central functions, working closely with senior stakeholders across the business. This company is going through an exciting period of change and growth and is undertaking a number of large programmes and projects across its business. You will also provide internal communications support to these projects as required. This is a great opportunity to develop your IC skills in a busy environment, whilst working with a friendly and fun group of people. Specific responsibilities would include: Working in partnership with business areas and senior stakeholders to provide expert internal communications advice and support. Internal communications and campaign management for business change programmes as required. Developing bestpractice internal communications that meet the needs of the business, stakeholders and audiences. Delivering internal communications to time and to budget, and managing ongoing measurement and feedback activities to ensure communications are delivering against agreed objectives. Skills & Experience Required A strong background of developing and delivering internal communications, ideally for large, complex organisations. Experience of providing internal communications support to senior stakeholders and business managers, ideally from an IC Business Partner perspective. Some experience of internal communications within a Change environment would be useful Evidence of delivering endtoend internal communications campaigns, from taking the brief to measuring results. Experience of developing and delivering internal communications strategies and plans and successful delivery. Ability to understand and articulate key messages to different audiences. Sound knowledge of bestpractice internal communications. Delivering creative approaches to internal communications. Project management experience. Excellent writing skills www.badenochandclark.com  Let's find the career that connects with your life.Badenoch & Clark is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch & Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User.