Title: PR Account Manager  Food & Drink  Consumer & Trade PR
Webindex: 71686872
Company: Fresh Connect Recruitment
Description: An Account Manager is being sought to direct a range of exciting campaigns. This highly respected Integrated PR agency works for a multitude of prestigious Food & Drink and FMCG clients across trade and consumer sectors. Based in London, this role will see the successful candidate working with a list of established, household name brands. This is a handson role for a driven and focused individual who has a clear passion for Food & Drink PR. The successful candidate will oversee the successful development and delivery of innovative and influential work. The new Account Manager will ensure that all clients receive fantastic support and that business objectives are met. They are looking for an Account Manager with the following skills and experience: Strong account managing skills including client servicing, reporting and budgeting Excellent written and verbal communication skills A positive, friendly and proactive approach teamed with strong interpersonal skills An excellent understanding of UK media (consumer and trade) across all media channels including social media and digital A creative touch and the ability to effectively brainstorm and conceptualise in fresh new ways The ability to line manage and foster professional development in colleagues It is essential that applicants have some experience helping to win new business, a genuine drive to succeed and the ability to regularly develop new ideas. This agency is seeking someone who has plenty of energy and a proactive approach to account management. You must have a clear understanding of the role which PR plays in the marketing mix and be able to show your passion and the breadth of your knowledge across the media (including digital/social media.) This is a position for someone who has previous experience at Account Manager level. The ideal candidate will have solid, highly relevant Consumer PR and Trade PR experience along with experience working within a Food & Drink oriented PR agency setting. You must also have fantastic communication skills (both verbal and written), media relations skills, a talent for client consultation and excellent colleague management abilities. If you are creative, influential, resultsdriven and looking for your next position, apply today For this and similar vacancies, please contact Julia Fenwick on **** **** **** or email juliafreshconnect.co.uk Account Manager, Senior Account Executive, Food PR, Trade PR, Food and Drink PR, FMCG, Consumer PR, Public Relations, London. Account Manager, Senior Account Executive, Food PR, Trade PR, Food and Drink PR, FMCG, Consumer PR, Public Relations, London.