Title: Russian speaking Forex Marketing Manager
Webindex: 68687086
Company: Language Matters
Description: This is an excellent opportunity with a successful startup firm specialising in Foreign Exchange. They are currently looking for a Russian speaking Strategic Marketing Manager with outstanding experience and skills in Forex and brokerage markets to develop business and marketing strategy in the CEE/CIS region. They seek a Russian speaking Marketing manager for an ASAP start, who has the thorough knowledge of the CIS regions/market and ability to drive their growth and market the company in these regions. The role involves providing senior client account ownership, strategic oversight and managing the entire CIS marketing strategy and implementation. The ideal candidate has several years' experience working within forex/brokerage and an excellent knowledge of the CEE/CIS markets. Profile Fluent Russian with English both written and spoken. Proven track record in Forex and brokerage Excellent knowledge of the Russian speaking markets and territories Solid several years' experience driving and achieving growth within the CIS Can demonstrate an excellent understanding in financial markets and specifically Forex merchandising and content tools and criteria. A confident leader with a positive approach and cando attitude NB: If you have applied for any other languagematters vacancy there is no need to reapply, as your CV will be considered for all of our vacancies that match your language skills and work experience. To apply, please send your CV in Word format to Ricardo de Abreu, CVs in any other formats will not be accepted. We work constantly to provide equal opportunities for all, regardless of age, gender, ethnicity, social background, religion, disability or sexuality. NB. Client requirements dictate that we can only accept applications from candidates who are available for facetoface interviews in the UK within 24 hours. Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK or hold a valid work permit. Please note that we contact successful candidates within **** working days. We will consider you for all our vacancies now and in the future. Please do not reapply unless requested to do so. Language Matters is acting as an employment business in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RussianspeakingForexMarketingManager_job****