Title: GRADUATE: Media Research Executive
Webindex: 71964553
Company: Mail Online
Description: MailOnline is the biggest newspaper site in the world. As the site continues to expand, so does our advertising proposition. We continue to launch new advertising sales teams internationally and extend our mobile and tablet offerings. The advertising sales dept requires a Graduate Media Research Executive who will play an integral role in the pitch process, supporting the sales teams by providing compelling insights about our audience. This will involve utilising all available audience data: TGI, comScore, Hitwise, Omniture and data from research we have commissioned. We are seeking a resourceful individual with a genuine passion for research and analytics, who will be able to skilfully draw info from many different sources to create succinct, compelling sales stories Reports into Insight Manager. Key Responsibilities:  Assisting the advertising sales team on daytoday pitches by utilising audience datato demonstrate the desirability of MailOnline to advertisers and also to generate creative ideas during brainstorms.  Analysing data from our research panel, ad effectiveness surveys and other commissioned projects.  Creating and updating content on the Mail Connected Website.  Accompanying sales teams to meet agencies and clients, presenting audience data and research findings, and liaising as to how we may involve them in future research projects.  Supporting strategy team by providing them with materials for a proactive sell, including audience segmentations, market insights and category analysis. Building case studies.  Using Omniture to analyse MailOnline traffic and utilising these insights to further create sales stories. Required Skills and Aptitudes:  A minimum ****:1 degree (or equivalent) preferably with a research element.  320 UCAS points (or equivalent)  Minimum **** GCSEs including Maths, English Language and Literature with grades ranging between A to B.  An adaptable team player with the ability to juggle several tasks at once in a fastpaced, dynamic environment.  Excellent PowerPoint and Excel skills.  Strong verbal and written communication skills.  Strong numeracy and analytical skills.  Commercial awareness and digital marketplace knowledge.  Ability to think strategically and creatively.  Attention to detail. Please include a covering letter with your application, detailing why you would be an ideal candidate for this role.