Title: Insight Analyst  SAS / SPSS  Marketing Agency
Webindex: 72384876
Description: Insight Analyst needed for one of the leading Direct Marketing and Data Intelligence agencies in the south west. Understanding data is critical to helping drive value for the agency`s clients. Everything they do  from analysis through to consultancy starts with the data and it is critical that they get it right. This is where you come in The role of Insight Analyst is key and one that works closely with the agency`s marketing strategists and their clients ensuring that data and the insight you develop plays a key role in influencing marketing decisions. You will be responsible for providing analysis and insight solutions and reporting across a range of blue chip clients and sectors. Typical projects include segmentation activity, profiling, propensity modeling and reporting  though there are also ample opportunities to get involved in the development of new ideas and products that the agency can take out to their base of over **** clients. This is a role for an Insight Analyst who is able to grasp a particular issue or opportunity and apply their knowledge, experience and intuition to deliver a great end product for the client. The salary on offer is extremely competitive. The top end of the salary is on offer to candidates with either specialist knowledge of warm data in the charity sector or an Analyst with DM agency experience. You will need to be able to work in a fast paced agency culture (prior marketing agency experience would be beneficial) and be able to respond positively to change. Key attributes we look for are a passion for exceeding client expectations, a cando attitude and a flair for finding creative solutions to complex problems. We look for selfmotivated, hardworking ambitious individuals who are able to work both autonomously and as part of a friendly, but focused, team. The Role:  SAS or SPSS Analyst reporting in to or working alongside (depending on experience) an experienced Lead Analyst  Working with the Lead Analyst and Client Leads to scope out and deliver analysis projects  Liaising with the database management team to develop written briefs specifying data requirements for analytical projects  Developing presentations to summarise analytical approach, output and implications  Interpreting analytical output and developing recommendations to feed back to the client  Developing relationships internally and working to identify ideas and projects that could use insight` across our internal teams and our external client base  Working with the Lead Analyst and Client Leads to present back findings to clients  Documentation of key findings and learnings Required Skills and Experience  Strong and demonstrable experience of working with SAS or SPSS (Ideally SAS  Previous experience of using SAS (2years). SAS Base/Stat are preferable but will consider Enterprise Guide)  An understanding of segmentations and modelling applied to marketing data  A practical approach  not too theoretical but able to apply creative thinking to deliver an actionable end product  A willingness to work around problems / less than perfect data  Able to view projects within the commercial context  able to identify the best solution for our clients but also a solution that will drive profit for the agency  A focus on the end product  with responsibility for many of the deliverables to the client, you will need to be confident everything produced meets our strict quality standards  A good communicator both written and verbal  Good client facing skills  Able to work individually or as part of a team  Able to work on multiple projects simultaneously To apply for the role of Insight Analyst please send your CV to t.allenhenrynicholas.co.uk and call Tony on **** ****