Title: Senior Account Manager  Content Writer
Webindex: 69537296
Company: Hanson Search
Description: Are you a driven creative that loves to get stuck in to fastpaced client work? Are you experienced with digital campaigns and social media? If so, this Senior Account Manager role could be the one for you My client is an awardwinning, independent boutique communications consultancy with a sterling reputation throughout the market. As part of their plans to broaden the services offered to their bulging list of bluechip clients, they are looking for a dynamic and inspired individual to work across some of their largest contentdriven accounts. This role requires a proactive attitude to juggle multiple deadlines, in an environment passionate about technology and its rapidlychanging nature. An exceptional writing ability and a spark for production of digital content (such as infographics) are essential qualities. Strong communication skills with proof of using these to develop media contacts and broaden your network are also invaluable. A successful candidate must: Have experience creating content for both offline and online marketing materials Be well versed in effective use of social media in B2B and B2C areas of business Be a creative thinker and have strong writing skills A second European language or exposure to event management projects would also be advantageous but not essential. With brilliant career prospects, if this sounds like the progression for you, please contact Amy Stewart at Hanson Search on **** or email amy.stewarthansonsearch.com. Not for you? Recommend a friend and be eligible for our referral reward scheme. We can only respond to those people who are successful at application stage, but all details will be held on file and Hanson Search will contact you in the future if we have a suitable position. Hanson Search encourages applicants from all ages backgrounds. Selection is based on merit alone, but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the advertised country. Hanson Search specialists in Strategic Communications recruitment. With divisions in Consumer, Corporate, Financial, Healthcare and pharmaceutical, Public Sector, Technology and Public Affairs. Serving the UK, European and international markets, for agency and inhouse; freelance and permanent work. REC accredited.