Title: Senior Strategy Planner / Consumer / Government & Public Sector/ Central London
Webindex: 69745410
Company: Foundry, The
Description: Do you love facts and figures? Do you want to help brands understand their audiences and create campaign identities to solve commercial problems? This exciting integrated communications agency is looking for a Senior Strategy Planner to join its growing ranks. Senior Strategy Planner / Consumer / Government Public Sector/ Central London c **** Historically, this is an issuesbased communications consultancy built around awardwinning behavioural change work within the consumer and public sector spaces, but it has developed over recent years to be a properly integrated and lithe business with PR, digital, advertising and planning as well as design capabilities. After some exciting new business wins in the last few months, it wants to take on a clever, insightful, robust and gogetting Senior Strategy Planner. Very few people carry this title in PR and communications circles, and even fewer people do the right sort of work to fit the bill, and so you ll be a rare breed; a veritable unicorn in a field of PR ponies. It s fundamental that you come armed with experience of government and public sector clients as they will form a significant part of your client base, together with those rooted firmly in the consumer and commercial space. You might have gained this experience in agency or inhouse, so long as you can appreciate the often complex working practices of the public sector machine and the patience and sensibilities required to get the best out of those clients. You ll have a passion for facts and figures, will be very comfortable with statistical analysis, market research and data, and will have solid knowledge of social science methodologies. You ll be adept at brainstorming, running workshops and working with a diverse mix of creative people to develop creative solutions, and will also thrive on the challenge and pace of new business pitching. Aside from the geeky , knowledgebased side of things, you ll be a people person through and through. A robust, gently confident and charming character who ll listen and be collaborative will thrive in this role. As part of your armoury, you ll also be able to work alongside creative people, will be a natural problemsolver and will be emotionally intelligent, entrepreneurial and friendly. You ll be able to take information and know what to do with it how to relate it to an audience, how to solve problems and how to work without ego. You ll enjoy doing things properly with factbased arguments and clear plans for evaluation of your campaigns. You ll report in to the Strategy Director, who has an unmatched track record of training and developing some of the most successful integrated planners in the industry. To that end, if you want to make great ads in the advertising world, enjoy working on one or two accounts or shy away from any more than a handful of new business pitches a year, you re not going to fit the bill. This is an excellent, unique opportunity for a special person to join a very special organisation. If this is you, tell us Get in touch by sending your CV to Hetta at The Foundry bestthefoundry.co.uk Job Ref. HR**** www.thefoundry.co.uk