Title: Customer on boarding Executive
Webindex: 68602899
Description: My wellestablished market leading client are looking for an experienced 'Customer on boarding Executive'. You will work along side the ecoms team and the sales division to increase the conversion on customers purchasing online. Daily duties include: Understand customer online ordering objectives; articulate applicable online ordering solutions and standard approaches. Manage customer online ordering implementations Work in partnership with customers to fully understand their online ordering objectives and requirements Identify the appropriate component of the online ordering solution that best fits customer objectives and requirements optimising the commercial return through a reduction in cost to serve. Provide reports on the progress of the rollout, escalating issues as necessary reporting. Ensure that strong project management is applied to each customer. Work closely with the Marketing Manager to ensure the all customer requirements are captured for consideration in future online ordering solutions Work with senior sales team and account managers to continually develop the understanding of online ordering. Continual development of own understanding of online ordering, and the associated technical and business skills needed to implement online ordering solutions Knowledge, Skills & Experience Essential: Ability to communicate and work with people at all levels Ability to communicate and work with customers at all levels The capacity to understand systems and processes, and how they may impact upon both customer organisations Strong project management skills with the capability to identify deviance from schedule and take remedial action to address Desirable: Experience of an online ordering environment. If you have relevant experience apply now for more details. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk