Title: Media and Content Officer
Webindex: 67321463
Company: Leeds College of Music
Description: Branding is the art of becoming knowable, likable and trustable ﻿ Salary ****  **** per annum subject to performance Leeds College of Music: We re radically changing how we deliver the marketing mix here at Leeds College of Music and we want to hear from talented individuals who are seeking their next step. With a restructured team and a soontobe launched rebranded website, you ll have a passion for customercentric communications that drive commercial impact. You will be instrumental in building reputation for customer excellence through the development and implementation of an integrated marketing strategy. We re seeking individuals with the capability and passion for putting the consumer at the heart of everything; to develop a worldclass customer contact strategy, outstanding event programmes and a coherent and exciting brand strategy. The Role: As part of a restructured department, this newly created role will help propel the brand forward and has two priorities: Firstly it is focussed on media and community relations, incorporating digital and social media. It has a key role in establishing LCoM as the 21st century s conservatoire for preparing the new generation of musicians and involves developing the national and international profile in online, broadcast and print media. You would implement all media relations aspects; developing positive relationships with journalists; identifying and placing news stories; and monitoring and evaluating the media relations strategy. Secondly, you will be contributing to the new website s content strategy implementation. With an outstanding record in media and communications work, you will be an exceptional writer with a passion for brand storytelling and able to elicit high quality content from diverse sources. You will have extensive experience of developing content for a wide range of audience groups, both on and off line. For further job details please click on the 'Full Job Decription' link above. To apply online please click on the Apply Now button.