Title: Art Director/Senior Designer
Webindex: 66573566
Company: Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment
Description: Art Director/Senior Designer, Full Service Agency, West Yorkshire, **** Perm, ASAP A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a talented Art Director/Senior Designer to join a Full Service Agency in West Yorkshire. The agency works on everything from advertising campaigns, to branding and online campaigns, and the people there are likeminded creatives, who are great They are looking to bring on board a talented Art Director/Senior Designer to work across the board, generating ideas to present to the client, either with or without a Copywriter. You will come from a strong agency background, and will be able to push the boundaries in terms of concepts and design. This exciting opportunity will also see you presenting to clients when needed, and working closely alongside the Creative Director to come up with innovative concepts for campaigns. There is also fantastic career progression within the agency. To be considered for the role of Art Director/Senior Designer, you will have the following skills:  Previous agency experience working in a similar role on blue chip brands  Experience working across both print and digital for integrated campaigns  Experience in Brand Communications and Direct Marketing  A thorough understanding of photography, typography and printing techniques  Experience Art Directing as well as being able to Design using Adobe CS  InDesign, Illustrator, Photoshop (a knowledge of Flash would also be an advantage but not a necessity)  Work well as part of a team, under pressure, and to tight deadlines  Be highly motivated, well organized and have a good eye for detail If this role sounds right up your street and you would be interested in finding out more then please send me your CV and Samples today This really is an amazing opportunity to join an agency where there is great career progression and you can get stuck into some great campaigns. Art Director/Senior Designer, Full Service Agency, West Yorkshire, **** Perm, ASAP Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment specialises in marketing jobs across Creative, PR, Clientside, Account Handling and Executive. We offer unrivalled opportunities across all specialisms and industry sectors, presenting you with only the best marketing jobs. Although we try to respond to all applications, the high number we receive means this isn`t always possible. If you have not heard from us within **** hours, please assume that your application has not been successful. For more information, visit www.blueskiescareers.co.uk and we`ll make sure we do our best to find you the perfect marketing role.