Title: Researcher/Writer
Webindex: 68540821
Company: RSG CONSULTING
Description: Do you have a passion for investigation and creating content? We are a small research and consulting business, working on groundbreaking, innovative and international projects. Our clients include major international law firms, the Financial Times and other professional service organisations. Our outputs are research reports, consulting assignments, microsites, short films and events. The role involves creating research projects and writing reports for content marketing projects for clients. An understanding of business and the City, with a strong interest in economics, current affairs and business management is essential as is the ability to think conceptually and analytically. Understanding lawyers would be an asset but an interest in human behaviour, leadership and innovation would be equally helpful. Whilst a formal background in statistical research is not necessary, a track record in interviewing is essential, either on or off the phone. You must be able to talk to senior people and be able to present to demanding audiences. The ability to tell a story is crucial. The role would suit an exjournalist looking to get into growing a small business or a communications professional looking for a more meaty content generation role. But we are open to bright, imaginative people who can convince us they can help us grow our business. Core skills will include: Top level academics, ****:1 degree level minimum Business/City experience, interest in economics, philosophy, psychology, marketing Top level communication skills Proficient Office **** particularly Word and Excel. At least three years writing and research experience You need to be commercial and practical whilst also able to thrive in an informal, relaxed but hardworking environment. This is a real opportunity to grow with the company and enjoy in its success. Please apply through sending a cover letter of **** words detailing why you would like to work with us and a current CV. More details about the company can be found at www.rsgconsulting.com. Send your letter and CV to reena.senguptarsgconsulting.com