Title: Marketing Executive, Financial Services  Manchester
Webindex: 71707046
Company: System Recruitment
Description: Marketing Executive, Financial Services  Manchester Job Type: Permanent Location: Manchester Salary: **** to **** Start Date: ASAP Duration: Permanent Benefits: Pension, Life Reference: MarkExFinServMan A successful, high profile company in the Financial Services sector is now seeking to recruit an experienced Marketing and Lead Generation Executive to work from offices in Manchester. The ideal candidate will come from a Marketing / Digital Marketing background and have experience of Lead Generation within a Financial Services environment. You will have experience of dealing with business to business relationships, detailed knowledge of lead generation, ability to prioritise and ensure that monthly tasks are completed by the team, digital marketing experience including SEO and PPC campaigns. You will Control of marketing function to include drafting of marketing plan, control of budgets, control of monthly lead generation, supervision of affiliate program. Your key responsibilities will be to generate leads from lead providers and affiliates. To control lead flows to ensure that the business generates sufficient viable leads to hit target. This will involve developing jointly with Business Development Manager new lead sources and new affiliates. Control of marketing budgets and plans and supervision of affiliate campaign jointly with BDM. The role will suit individuals currently working as a Marketing Assistant, Marketing Supervisor, Marketing Executive and living within a commutable distance of Manchester, Bolton, Blackburn, Oldham, Stockport or willing to relocate. With over 20 years of experience System Recruitment offers excellence in Permanent and Contract recruitment in a wide range of industry sectors. Though we are a generalist agency, a particular strength of ours lies in Information Technology including Technical, Sales and Managerial positions. We are able to tailor our approach to your needs in order to work effectively with you and provide real value.