Title: PR Manager / Online Content Editor  (Art Retailer)  London
Webindex: 67058802
Company: Guru Careers
Description: PR MANAGER / ONLINE CONTENT EDITOR (ART RETAILER)  LONDON We are seeking a passionate and charismatic PR Manager with writing and blogger experience to join a leading producer and retailer of quality art prints and framed pictures. As a skilled PR professional you will help create a unique tone of voice for all websites as well as building inhouse PR capabilities. Read On With creative partners that include prestigious institutions such as the National Gallery, London, Vogue and The Andy Warhol Foundation our client is the leading online art retailer in the UK. With offices in both London and Brighton they are passionate about art and have, for the past 25 years, been searching the world for the latest emerging artists and trends. Joining as a PR Manager with online content editing skills you will get a fantastic opportunity to help expand one of the UK's most exciting online brands. It will be your responsibility to make sites richer and more engaging by bringing to life the products and the company using unique access to artists and imagery to highlight their skilful craftsmanship. Working closely with Marketing, Publishing and Design Teams you will collaborate to build an inhouse PR function helping to set the PR strategy and approach. New products, artist stories and relationships with key museums make for great PR stories You will take a lead in developing, writing and distributing these stories. You will report directly to the MD. To qualify We are seeking a well connected PR pro who can demonstrate: Proven ability as a PR Manager with experience in online content editing (you should love seeing your stories in print). Experience of driving and executing PR strategies. Strong media connections and relationships including the ability to network with people in the industry. That you are internet savvy (you should have a blog or have contributed to websites in the past). Prior experience of working as a Journalist or in PR in a relative industry. Strong interpersonal skills and ability to present and promote concepts to others. Have a passion for interior, art and design products. That you are organised, good under pressure and fun to work with. This is a unique opportunity that will see you join a leading internet brand offering a competitive salary, a great working environment, career development and benefits. Get in touch Keywords: PR Manager, PR Management, Public Relations Manager, Online Content Editor, PR, Journalist, Interior Design, Design, Art, PR Management Jobs in London, UK PR Manager, Public Relations Jobs, Head of PR, Public Relation Management Jobs in London, PR Management Jobs in Farringdon, Public Relations Jobs in London, PR Jobs in London, Central London, Farringdon. Guru are an employment business renowned for delivering careers networking to the Marketing / PR sector. In this instance Guru are managing the selection process for this particular PR Manager / Online Content Editor campaign on the behalf of our client. We offer a transparent service to both clients and candidates which means that if you pass our initial filtering criteria (based on your CV suitability against our client s requirements) we will email you with the client s details and also pass your complete application to the client for consideration. By applying to this role you are granting consent for us to work in this way. One final note, your application will only be used in conjunction with this specific role.