Title: Brand Marketing ExecutiveCOSMO Restaurant Group Head Office
Webindex: 69803991
Company: Cosmo Service Ltd
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for a creative and enterprising Brand and Marketing Executive to join an independent, dynamic, and rapidly expanding restaurant group. COSMO is a critically acclaimed Pan Asian Restaurant Chain that is opening restaurants all over the United Kingdom. We strongly believe in our philosophy of 'Cook Fresh, Eat Fresh' and providing delicious freshly prepared food in stunning restaurants with prices that offer exceptional value for money. This is one of the many reasons why over **** people eat at COSMO every week. With an impressive portfolio and new restaurants opening in Derby, Doncaster, Nottingham, Edinburgh, Leeds and Sheffield in 2013 and a further **** planned for 2014 this role promises to be a fantastic career development opportunity. The Role: The Brand Marketing Executive will be a key figure in devising and implementing the Company’s branding and marketing strategy. You will work closely with the operations teams and Restaurant Managers to set up and monitor promotions and other marketing initiatives. Reporting directly to the Marketing Director your main responsibilities will be:  Creation and maintenance of bespoke branded communications and marketing material  To design and implement annual marketing and promotional strategies to maximise sales and consumer awareness including copyrighting for newsletters, adverts, leaflets, flyers  To monitor competitor activity and manage tactical campaigns  To drive online marketing initiatives including emarketing, website development and social media e.g. twitter and Facebook, blogs and online advertising  To increase website and social media traffic and ensuring content is fresh and exciting to our consumers  Ensuring all restaurants are informed of all key marketing initiatives well in advance of launch  Control and management of all marketing budgets  Management of multiple external UK agencies – external marketing consultancy (Brand and Marketing Guardians), media buying, advertising and social media to ensure quality of work and creativity  Formulate, direct and coordinate marketing campaigns to promote new restaurant launches, working with graphic designers, advertising, promotion and PR companies  Implementing and Managing Marketing Procedures and Processes  Daytoday assistance to the Marketing Director The Candidate: In order to be considered for the role the successful candidate will need to demonstrate:  A minimum of 3 years previous marketing experience preferably agency or inhouse  Educated to Degree level in a relevant discipline. E.g. Marketing.  Self motivation and enthusiasm with great organizational skills  Excellent communication skills both written and verbal. E.g. Copyrighting and creative writing ability and proof reading of marketing material  Creativity and innovation with excellent attention to detail  An interest in graphic design, design and or photography  Ability to multitask and prioritise workload to meet tight deadlines  Good IT / web based skills essential. Including MS Office, Photoshop, and Publisher etc.  A good understanding of the restaurant and hospitality sector This is a great opportunity for someone who wants to progress in the role and become an integral part of the marketing and branding of our established restaurant brand. If you are interested in being considered for this position, please send a covering email and updated CV with a recent photo to chloe.hucosmorestaurants.co.uk and stating the position you are applying for. Please note, we are only interested in applicants with the relevant experience and background specified for this role, and you must have the legal right to work and reside in the UK, without any immigration restrictions or conditions. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BrandMarketingExecutiveCOSMORestaurantGroupHeadOffice_job****