Title: Artworker Opportunities
Webindex: 68602714
Description: Hays Marketing have a number of opportunities for experienced Artworkers in the Manchester area. THE ARTWORKER POSITIONS ARE FOR BOTH FREELANCE ARTWORKERS AND ALSO CANDIDATES LOOKING FOR A MONTH BY MONTH ROLLING CONTRACT This is a varied role to produce accurate print ready and digital artwork from client briefs on time and on budget being at all times commercially aware of the amount of time needed for completing the task. The role will also be responsible for developing a graphic designer's layout options into artwork that is ready for prepress, print or online. You will use your expert knowledge of print production, reprographic and imaging processes and equipment to interpret and define a creative or artwork brief, alongside art directing photographers and illustrators and source images from commercial libraries suitable for design projects. Also meeting with customers and/or account managers to discuss the business objectives and requirements of the job and help to develop design briefs by gathering information and data through meetings and own research, you will offer advice and help on individual projects, and identify any potential problems/issues. The role will be working as part of a team with printers, copywriters, photographers, other designers, account handlers, web developers and marketing specialists. For these roles you will be educated to HND level with a specialist design related qualification and a thorough understanding of the production of print ready artwork and repro across multiple print formats including colour profiling and pdf proofing. It is essential you have an up to date, comprehensive knowledge of digital artwork techniques including typesetting and image manipulation and retouching and considerable experience within a creative service environment. Your experience will include a comprehensive working knowledge of industry standard Apple Mac design platforms and software including Adobe Photoshop CS5, Illustrator CS5, Indesign CS5 and Acrobat Professional. Some experience of working within a large and complex organisation (private or public sector) is required, as is the ablility to create artwork for print or online from concepts created by a graphic designer and be able to lead on campaigns, ensuring consistency on creative elements while ensuring that jobs are technically correct. Before applying, please ensure you have a portfolio with evidence of work on brochures, working from corporate guidelines, outdoor, layout work,some online work and also displaying a degree of creativity. You must be a good designer too and have a good eye for design. CLOSING DATE: MONDAY ****/****/**** AT 2PM Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk