Title: Marketing Acquisitions Manager
Webindex: 71443981
Company: 1st Central Insurance
Description: Do you love digital media and creativity? Do you thrive on breaking new ground, trying things that have not been tried before? Are you driven by the desire to want to design and create things that are better than what has been done before? Do your ideas and inventions help move things forward, improving on what previously existed through your insight and application? If you are someone who looks at information and enjoys understanding what this means and combines it with creative expression, then read on as this role could be great for you At First Central Insurance Management we are currently looking for an Acquisition Manager to join our Marketing department. You will be responsible for creating, delivering, tracking and reporting fully integrated marketing activities and campaigns to drive traffic to the website, develop brand awareness in the digital space, aid conversion and improve customer engagement. You will also have ownership of Social Media and PR Channels. Reporting in to the marketing director you will be required to:  Work alongside our partner agencies to develop a strategic marketing acquisition plan  Significantly increase brand recognition through creating marketing campaigns across all channels.  Develop and implement SEO strategies that deliver costeffective and profitable traffic to our site  Develop and implement word of mouth and social media strategies that will generate uplift in brand awareness.  Build a social media content plan, driving high consumer engagement and eventually sales conversions via the social media channels.  Manage the implementation of ongoing online campaigns across all media platforms including podcast, videocast, social media etc  Manage ongoing relationships with digital agencies and affiliates including budget and account management  Help drive development and delivery of eCRM campaign activity to manage existing customer relationships to maximise retention and upsell / crosssell activity  Manage FSA and legal responsibilities to ensure compliance and regulatory needs are met for all online marketing activity.  Develop and deliver an effective promotional plan using various marketing channels including email marketing, Natural search, PPC, Affiliates, PR and Social Media  Ensure effective measurement and tracking of all customer communications  Review report on outcomes of marketing initiatives and use this information when planning future campaigns  Assist in the management of external parties including creative agencies and other specialists to ensure the annual marketing plan is delivered to budget and within the time parameters  Ensure all marketing materials produced are delivered in accordance with all marketing principles and especially regulatory guidelines(TCF) To be considered for the role you must be able to demonstrate a good track record in digital marketing alongside previous experience of managing a team. You will need to be CIM/ IDM qualified and have both brilliant written and verbal communication skills. You will have a logical approach to problem solving and be experienced in both online and offline marketing. If you have experience in the financial services sector then this is great however not essential to be considered for the role. You will also need to:  Understand the importance of web design, development, web usability and accessibility  Have a good knowledge of natural search and search engines  Have Knowledge of FSA and ASA guidelines to financial promotions The ideal Marketing Acquisitions manager will be able to demonstrate a strong leadership style whilst keeping the team motivated in a high pressure environment. So if you have the ability to think creatively and turn ideas in to reality then this is the ideal opportunity for you, APPLY TODAY Marketing Acquisitions Manager Haywards Heath Salary : ********ey Locations; Haywards Heath, London, Brighton, Worthing, Eastbourne, Crawley, Horley, Redhill, East Grinstead, Tunbridge Wells, Burgess Hill, Uckfield, Hailsham, ShorehambySea, Hove, Newhaven, Seaford, East Sussex, West Sussex, No terminology in the advert you have seen is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation, and we will gladly accept applications from all sections of the community. You should receive a form of response within 28 days of applying. By applying for a vacancy through Kudos People Ltd you will automatically be allocated with a unique username and password to our award winning recruitment company. To take full advantage register your details in full and access thousands of vacancies. Should you not wish to complete your registration please email branded.a****lgapiv****lzcvwow.aptrack.co