Title: CRM & Social Media Manager
Webindex: 69467664
Company: FMCG Connect
Description: Job Description My client is going from strength to strength. They are enjoying a period of sustained growth and coupled with the opening of a new major leisure destination in 2014, they are evolving and looking to add some key positions to their marketing team. Working with the Digital Marketing Manager you will lead our integrated Social and CRM strategies and oversee the implementation of the respective activity and communications (both online and offline) across the business. Analysis of segmentation opportunities and developing and driving contact, advocacy and engagement strategies are significant to this role; as you will be committed to generating increasing returns on investment and yield as well as improving guest loyalty, brand reputation and profile. Desired Skills Experience Educated to degree level, you will have a minimum of 3 years experience leading and managing Direct Marketing/CRM (including eCRM, mCRM and sCRM) and Social Media strategy, projects and campaigns. Experience of using data, customer segmentation, analytics and monitoring tools at the centre of work to support strategy, planning and campaign management and evaluation is essential. You will have strong project management and planning experience and be able to demonstrate the ability to manage multiple projects and priorities simultaneously. You will also have management experience and be a strong team player. The ideal candidate will have a genuine interest in social media and have excellent influencing and communication skills. Good general knowledge and experience of digital marketing, including knowledge of principles of SEO and experience of social technologies, monitoring software and engagement strategies is also required. Experience within a leisure or travel environment is preferred but experience of large, complex database driven marketing and CRM environments is the fundamental element to making the role a success.