Title: Account Director  Integrated / BTL Agency – ****k  benefits
Webindex: 69857687
Company: Fill Recruitment Ltd
Description: The role Are you at Account Director level? Have you, as Account Director, ever worked on a highly regulated sector  such as lottery, gaming, alcohol or tobacco? If so, this could be the role for you The agency, need a strong Account Director to join their team, delivering BTL activity for this global account. The role of the Account Director will be to become the 'right hand' to the Managing Director and Director  ensuring that agency work in London is smooth, seamless, delivered on time and that client expectations are managed. The role of an Account Director is pivotal, having responsibility for leading and directing their accounts, building and developing their clients business through strong relationships and creating the conditions and opportunities for others to thrive and produce the best possible work. No two pieces of business have the same requirements so the Account Director must work closely with their team to ensure clarity on the division of responsibilities to ensure they are best set up to deliver. It s their responsibility to set the tone and mood of the team and to dictate the structure and running of the account. The agency need an Account Director that is forwardthinking and drives excellent client service, developing a culture of rock solid delivery to a team mindset of going beyond just what is asked for by clients. Leading by example, the Account Director will inspire the team to meet their own high standards. As Account Director you will be directly responsible for the retention, strategic direction and financial growth of the business s client accounts. This includes managing clients, revenue, team and cost base. The Account Director must also have some 'gravitas' to lead this client and this team  as the Account Director will have a fair bit of autonomy too. Given the challenges of regulated industries  lottery, alcohol and tobacco  the Account Director must have previous experience in this field, but also truly understand the implications within retail and general shopper marketing. It's a big role for a big personality And it's a high profile role which can also involve some travel, at times. As Account Director, whilst BTL marketing is a strength and skill, you'll be required to participate in TTL thinking and strategy development. The agency work closely with a number of agencies to form a collaborative approach, so an Account Director with strong TTL skills and / or a solid understanding of how BTL can work with ATL  would be an asset. The Account Director may be required to travel periodically  within Europe. Key requirements for the Account Director: Solid agency experience Proven leadership relationship building skills Ability to lead, mentor deliver when needed Solid experience with regulated sectors such as  lottery, alcohol or tobacco Proven strategic skills commercial thinking to influence the strategy, the creative product and the client s view of the agency as a trusted partner. The agency take good care of their people, with strong remuneration, benefits, an active social scene and long standing client relationships. Lastly, if you have the confidence, experience and gravitas  and as Account Director you don't shy away from challenges  then this could be the role for you. If you, as Account Director have these skills required experience, please get in touch today quoting AK**** To apply for this role, please click the 'Apply' button below. If this role is not what you re looking for, then don t worry. At Fill Recruitment we specialise in all agency positions. We are currently recruiting for Planners at all Levels and account handlers at Account Manager, Senior Account Manager and Group Account Director levels. If you would like to find out more please visit our website: www.fillrecruitment.com or try http://jobs.brandrepublic.com/employer/****/fillrecruitmentltd/