Title: Creative Writer  Healthcare Advertising Team  Bucks
Webindex: 68671382
Company: Fresh Connect Recruitment
Description: Our client, an expanding and successful Healthcare Advertising agency, has a unique opportunity for a Creative Writer with a specialism in medical and life sciences to join their successful Buckinghamshire based team. The agency is looking for a dedicated and ambitious individual. It is absolutely vital for this position that applicants have a solid background in medical sciences and can use and translate complex medical terminology, so although this is a creative role for a passionate writer, you must also be a healthcare specialist in order to be considered. The new Creative Writer in this talented Healthcare Advertising team will ensure that projects are delivered on time, will be responsible for both internal and external client satisfaction and will contribute to new business pitches. The new Creative Writer will also adhere to core agency values at all times and undertake a range of other ad hoc writing duties. Key elements of the position include:  Taking responsibility for the daytoday delivery of writing and editing projects  Writing in accordance with both internal and external client requirements, deadlines and the ABPI Code of Practice  Taking responsibility for the quality of written materials, including them being on time, on brief, pitched appropriately and comprehensively referenced  Working with the Art Director and Designer in order to develop creative concepts from brief to completion  Working with Science Writers on jobs to ensure that content is appropriate, accurate and scientifically credible, as well as being marketable and expressed with creative effectiveness  Updating the accounts team on project progress  Understanding client brands and disease areas  Liaising with clients and conducting client meetings  Reviewing work which has been undertaken by freelance writers  Participating in new business development and pitches In order to be considered for this position you should have extensive experience as a copywriter within the Pharmaceutical industry. Ideally you will come from an academic science background and hold a degree in a related discipline although that is not essential provided you have acquired a deep, thorough knowledge of medical terminology and therapy areas. You must have proven experience of working with an Art Director and experience pitching and presenting to healthcare and pharmaceutical industry clients. Excellent written and verbal communication skills, the ability to accurately interpret and complete client briefs and a willingness to learn and apply new skills are all essential. Adaptability and flexibility are both important qualities along with reliability, good time management skills and project management skills. You must be proactive, versatile and proficient with Word, PowerPoint and Excel in order to be eligible. Applicants must also be prepared to discuss their portfolio of work at interview. If you want to boost your career at an exciting agency working alongside industry experts, apply today For this and similar vacancies, please contact Gary Hoult on **** **** **** or email garyfreshconnect.co.uk Creative Medical Writer, Medical Copywriter, Life Science Writer, Healthcare Writer, Healthcare Advertising, Pharmaceutical, Pharma, Bucks, Buckinghamshire. Creative Medical Writer, Medical Copywriter, Life Science Writer, Healthcare Writer, Healthcare Advertising, Pharmaceutical, Pharma, , Bucks, Buckinghamshire. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CreativeWriterHealthcareAdvertisingTeamBucks_job****