Title: Communications Officer – Transformation Services
Webindex: 62010291
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Communications Officer  TransformationServices Reference no: Northumberland **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: NE**** 2 What s involved with this role: [For guidance as no JD is attached to this particular order] To proactively develop and deliver communication plans for specific projects and Council services, working closely with service teams and key stakeholders (including partners) in conjunction with Marketing specialists. To encourage and develop positive, effective, two way communication with stakeholders. To contribute to the various publications, newsletters, briefings and online media produced by the Council. This includes identifying key ****pportunities for positive stories, researching and writing articles, taking photographs and managing design services where appropriate. To work together with an editorial board to steer the direction and content of key Council publications. To build and develop effective relationships with the media and other partners. To carry out proactive media work with local, regional, national and trade press to promote good practice, positive news stories and provide information to residents about Council services. This includes researching, writing and pitching features and news releases to the media. To write press releases and press statements on behalf of the Council, working with the Executive Members and Corporate Management Team. To manage media relations. To ensure that all communication activities reflect the corporate identity and branding. To work closely with the web team to ensure communications material is developed and maintained on the Council s websites and intranet. To monitor and produce evaluation reports on media relations To carry out other duties which are consistent with the nature, responsibilities and grading of the post, including supporting other members of the Marketing and Communications team, particularly the Internal Communications Officer, where appropriate. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are available to start work immediately OR at short notice. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Appropriate professional qualification e.g. Journalism or Public Relations (or working towards a professional qualification), or three years practical experience of Communications PR in either the public, private or voluntary sector Minimum of 12 months recent experience of developing, delivering and evaluating communication and PR plans for highprofile projects, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation Experience of writing press releases and press statements on behalf of senior management Experience of working with and building effective relationships with the media Experience of print production, writing and editing copy for the web, reports, print and media Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Transformation/Communications Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 12 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited