Title: Graduate Advertising Optimisation Analyst  (Online Display)  London
Webindex: 68689691
Company: Guru Resourcing
Description: GRADUATE ADVERTISING OPTIMISATION ANALYST  (ONLINE DISPLAY)  LONDON We are seeking an analytically minded Graduate to join a pioneering business specialising in intelligent online display advertising campaigns. It is proud to include Avis, Sky, Starwood Hotels and John Lewis in its long term client list. Read on Situated at the forefront of the online media industry you will be joining an award winning business which delivers efficient, integrated online display advertising across a variety of platforms. Combining pioneering technology with a highly analytical approach it delivers exceptional results and ROI for its clients. As a graduate entry level member in the team your role will be all about delivering great performing realtime online advertising campaigns. You will manage the daytoday running of advertising campaigns, maximising campaign efficiency, undertake project work and product and process development whilst developing your optimisation skills. To qualify We are seeking talented graduates who demonstrate a highly numerate and analytical approach. As a guideline you should be able to show: An education to degree level. Strong analytical and numerical skills. A passion for technology and/or advertising. Strong problem solving skills. Excellent written and spoken English including strong interpersonal skills. A strong work ethic – selfmotivation with the ability to take the initiative. Fluent in German or French (although not essential). This is a unique opportunity that will see you join an organisation that prides itself in delivering high performing advertising solutions for some amazing client names all within a fun, professional and rewarding working environment Get in touch Keywords: Graduate, Optimisation Analyst, Ad Ops Analyst, Graduate Media Analyst, Media Analyst, Campaign Analyst, Online Advertising Analyst, Media Graduate Online Advertising Jobs, Digital Marketing, Media Agency, Media Agency, Media Agency Jobs in London, Graduate jobs, Graduate jobs in London, Analytical Account Management Jobs in London, Graduate Media Analyst Jobs in London, Central London, Farringdon, EC**** Guru are an employment business renowned for delivering careers networking to the Media / Marketing sector. In this instance Guru are managing the selection process for this particular Graduate Advertising Optimisation Analyst campaign on the behalf of our client. We offer a transparent service to both clients and candidates which means that if you pass our initial filtering criteria (based on your CV suitability against our client’s requirements) we will email you with the client’s details and also pass your complete application to the client for consideration. By applying to this role you are granting consent for us to work in this way. One final note, your application will only be used in conjunction with this specific role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateAdvertisingOptimisationAnalystOnlineDisplayLondon_job****