Title: Search Account Manager (SEO)
Webindex: 68679739
Company: Digital Personnel  LTD
Description: Leading Global Marketing and Media Agency requires a Search Account Manager focused within SEO to support their Global Search team working across a variety of high profile clients from their offices in London. The agency is a leading media services network with tremendous billings The network consists of offices located globally with a dedication to forge competitive marketing advantage for businesses and their brands. The Search team is now the world's largest search specialist within a marketing services company. The Search Account Manager will report into the Search Digital DR Partner working across a number of global clients across varying industry sectors. This role will play a pivotal role in the day to day ownership of key client engagements and managing a team of Search Managers Search Executives. The ideal candidate will be expected to hit the ground running building client relationships and leading by example for the team's search managers and executives. An excellent knowledge of SEO alongside client relationship, project management and leadership skills are key elements of this role. The Search Account Manager will be expected to successfully manage existing client engagements as well as upsell additional search services. Measurement will be upon the performance of the individuals you are responsible for. Candidates will offer the following key skills and knowledge;  34 years search experience, particularly within SEO but also PPC, ideally with exposure to managing global search clients.  Excellent project management skills.  Agency experience.  Client relationship and leadership skills.  Experience of Digital Direct Response marketing is essential.  Language skills desired.  Ability to identify business opportunities. This is a great opportunity for a talented Search Specialist to further develop their knowledge for a leader within the marketing and media landscape. Please do not hesitate to apply for further information Digital Personnel is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Digital Personnel is a specialist recruitment consultancy supporting the digital media market, developing recruitment partnerships with innovative interactive businesses on a global scale. Digital Personnel supply the talent so that our clients can focus on creating and implementing online marketing strategies that continue to push the boundaries within this everevolving industry. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SearchAccountManagerSEO_job****