Title: Director of Marketing, Content and Commercial Development
Webindex: 69961745
Description: A newly created role has arisen for this national event which focuses on the importance of skills and careers, and is the largest of its kind in the UK. The show is run and delivered by a team of people including a CEO, three directors, multiple heads of and their teams around them. You will sit as a Director with **** heads of reporting to you. The purpose of this role is to take strategic responsibility for the planning and delivery of activities relating to marketing and communications collateral, the show's content and experience, and the commercial development of the show, its sponsors and profits. This will encompass a large volume of campaigns and work including sponsorship, procurement, the content of the show and the audience experience, volunteer development, funding of local programmes, PR for the show, visitor marketing, branding and collateral, and communications support for sponsors/partners. You will have a dedicated team around you to support and ensure that: Marketing and communications activities capitalise on the opportunity of the show and local programme activity raises the public profile of further education, skills and apprenticeships Concepts are developed to ensure that content delivered is meaningful and contributes to the commercial development of the show Commercial propositions are developed to ensure the show meets its commercial targets whilst maximising the potential to develop bespoke opportunities for sponsors using the concepts, products and assets of the show A strategy is developed that combines marketing activity (specifically brand and public awareness) with the commercial propositions to sponsors and the wiser sector and that the show delivers a tailored experience for all audiences Resources (including agencies, suppliers, contractors, budgets) are managed effectively To be considered for the above role, you will have extensive experience at a management level either running and delivering a large scale event/conference to a national audience, or within the Education sector. You will be responsible for the commercial targets and the strategy towards exceeding these so you will need to demonstrate a proven track record in commercial development. This role will start in February/March so someone on a lengthy notice period will not be suitable. As we receive such a high volume of applications every day, regretfully, we are only able to respond to successful candidates who will be contacted within two working days. We wish you the best of luck with your search.