Title: Account Manager  Top Agency  B2B Technology  London  **** plus super benefits
Webindex: 71292933
Company: Median
Description: Account Manager  Superb Top Agency  B2B Technology  London  to **** plus great benefits My client is a truly global PR agency who prides themselves on hiring and developing the best talent. Based in London, they have offices across the world including North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. Whilst best known for their technology expertise, they cover all sectors from B2B and B2C to Corporate. The friendly team are renowned for their imaginative campaigns across a range of global bluechip, marketleading brands. My client offers great training and personal development programmes and super career progression My client is seeking to appoint an Account Manger or Senior Account Manager to join the Technology division. The ideal candidate will possess a solid base of B2B Technology PR experience gained within an agency. Experience of working with clients that operate in the technology, media and entertainment space is highly advantageous. The AM or SAM will be polished and effective at delivering the PR basics. You will possess strong writing and communication skills. A good level of relevant media contacts in B2B technology sector an advantage. As the Account Manager you will be responsible for completing duties on behalf of some of the most iconic brands around and leading more junior team members. Specific duties will include supporting senior team members on planning and message development, executing programmes, developing written material, building strong relationships with clients, demonstrating understanding of clients business and creating pitch angles for features or news stories. The successful candidate will possess: Experience of working with B2B technology brands in an agency environment. Good written and communication skills A potential future leader and good team player In return for your talent and endeavour, my client offers a most competitive salary up to **** depending on experience, plus a superb range of benefits. There is a great training and personal development programme and super career progression. This really is a once in lifetime opportunity for a PR professional to take the next step in their career and join a top agency. Please send your CV without delay and in complete confidence to miriammedianrecruit.co.uk