Title: Marketing and Business Development Manager
Webindex: 68346752
Company: Michael Page Marketing
Description: You will be working closely with the heads of each department and with the key partners responsible for their subgroups. The holder of this role will be expected to make a major contribution towards helping to build both practice groups. You will: ?X Help to develop and execute BD strategies and contribute to the significant growth of the practice group. ?X Support, develop and help to improve the profile of their international crosspractice legal teams. ?X Work closely with partners and other feeearners on developing and converting opportunities for work, both from existing and brand new clients. ?X Work closely with partners and other feeearners to support and develop the group s key client programme. ?X Working the head of client developm You will be a graduate with broad marketing and business development experience. You will have significant experience in a businesstobusiness environment  preferably in a professional services firm, although this is not essential. You must also be: ?X Confident, robust and pragmatic ?X Well organised and someone who delivers what they promise to a consistently high standard of quality ?X A supportive and committed team player ?X A skilled communicator with the ability to influence senior people in the business ?X Creative and open to new ideas ?X Commercially aware and knowledgeable and able to demonstrate that you consistently add value to business development thinking and activities. International Client Please call me to discuss Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy.