Title: Relationship / Sales executive  Multilingual
Webindex: 72627084
Company: C.K.R. Recruitment Limited
Description: Multilingual Client Services Representatives/Sales Executives Job Summary: Our Client is a growing retail financial services/trading Company with very ambitious plans for dramatic growth and transforming the entire Spread Betting/ CFD space by becoming the most innovative provider of financial products in the market. Our Client requires Multilingual Relationship Manager/Sales Executives for immediate employment at its London office. Relevant experience within the CFD/structured products/retail finance sector is preferred but not essential. A strong educational background is desired, coupled with a strong work ethic. The candidate must demonstrate a sound knowledge of financial markets and products. They are looking for those driven individuals to join the sales team for a range of roles and clients. The current client book has recently exploded and an urgent need to bring people on has been generated. This particular role is for a German and Italian speaker, the candidate must have business level efficiency in the languages. If you have ever wanted to utilise your native language or are fluent in any of the above languages than this is a fantastic opportunity to put it to the test. Key Responsibilities:  Actively contacting enquiries to convert into long term client relationships  Developing relationships through upselling and cross selling our German/Italian proposition  Servicing clients via phone and email  Execution of market trades and orders from clients over the phone  Frontline handling of trade queries  Compilation and distribution of reports for the business  The successful candidate will work closely with all areas of the business, particularly the trading function.  You will possess an exceptional telephone manner, excellent communication skills and the natural ability to work under pressure. Package:  The position not only offers a competitive salary, but offers the incumbents the ability to earn a monthly target driven bonus.  Our client is also looking to add personalised incentive schemes designed to fit the lifestyle of the person. (IE: lunches, trips away, etc) Candidate:  Strong Language skills in Italian AND German  Previous experience with sales of FX and CFDs  Excellent communication skills  Selfstarter/motivated to grow in a team atmosphere