Title: Marketing Manager  Photography
Webindex: 69173655
Company: Firecracker Talent Limited
Description: This is a fantastic opportunity to join a market leading organisation based in North Hertfordshire. Being at the forefront of their sector this organisation is driven to consistently provide excellent service to their customers and is continually looking for new opportunities to introduce to the marketplace. The main purpose of this role is to: Develop and execute marketing plans including leaflets, POS, digital marketing, mobile, and field packs. Maximise sales and profit by delivering a proposition that is consumer centric and best in class. Key responsibilities include:  Identify innovative routes to market and brand communication and investigate ways of improving existing products and services, to increase profitability  Manage relationships with agencies and product suppliers and identify potential strategic partnerships  Develop and execute promotional plan for the sales team, monitoring and analysing market trends and competitor activity  Develop and manage performance of web and mobile eCommerce sites  Develop and manage innovative and cost effective promotions both on and offline  Creating and testing new marketing initiatives to increase key conversion metrics  Managing the entire product line life cycle from strategic planning to tactical activities  Lead on tactical promotions and customer engagement strategies You will have strong on and offline marketing experience, be commercially aware and have good market dynamics knowledge. An understanding of customer requirements in a retail environment is key, as is the ability to lead cross functional projects and be proficient in Web Analytics / Google Analytics and the full Microsoft Office suite. Experience within the photography or media sector is highly desirable. As an experienced manager you will be confident in leading a team, driving profits and be able to demonstrate success in running campaigns, innovating and optimisation. If this role sounds like the perfect career move for you and you are able to demonstrate the required skills and experience please apply in confidence. Due to the volume of applications we will reply to shortlisted applicants within 7 days. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingManagerPhotography_job****