Title: Senior Italian speaking Market Research Consultant
Webindex: 72242841
Company: Forest Personnel Limited
Description: Due to business increase, this leading research consultancy is looking for an experienced Senior Italian speaking Market Research Consultant to join them. You will be part of a highly respected business responsible for global market research studies across an interesting portfolio of building services technology within the construction industry. This will provide you with the opportunity to operate with a high level of autonomy within a short space of time, and liaison up to board level with key industry leaders influencers. As part of a multidisciplined professional research team, your role will include after induction: working on and running projects in own team as well as others, project management, facetoface telephone interviewing, report writing, designing questionnaires, preparing proposals, results analysis desk research using published data. As the position requires overseas travel to take client briefs, write proposals interview respondents, fluency in German, as well as English is required. The opportunity of undertaking or continuing professional qualifications in marketing if not already achieved is offered. To apply, you will possess the following:  Experienced background in marketing and businesstobusiness research, preferably from a consultancy, with excellent investigative, problemsolving and solution research skills.  Good analytical interpersonal skills.  Fluency in Italian well as English.  Business or related degree.  PC literacy in standard MS Office suite.  Interest in both UK and international research.  High commercial awareness. You will need to be living within a reasonable commute of Bracknell, Berks and you must have permission to work within the UK. Candidates that do not meet the above criteria may not receive a reply. Technical/Engineering knowledge is not essential, as the emphasis is on market research experience language skills. In return, a salary package of up to ****k is offered (Dep on exp)  benefits package further professional training career development within a specialist, established consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorItalianspeakingMarketResearchConsultant_job****