Title: Portfolio Manager  Credit Card
Webindex: 69247727
Company: NATIONWIDE BUILDING SOCIETY
Description: A more challenging role Nationwide House, Swindon Salary, ****  **** (dependant on skills and experience) Full time, permanent Two hugely successful new product launches during the last 2 years has resulted in rapid growth in market share and Nationwide becoming a major top 10 Credit Card issuer in the UK market. We now have a portfolio of over 2m existing customers and this provides us with some great opportunities to continue to innovate and develop new products and features for a wide and diverse customer base. We are also committed to maintaining our market leading position amongst our peer group for customer satisfaction through new and improved service propositions. A more talented person We are looking for experienced individuals to develop the Nationwide Credit Card portfolio and pricing strategy and work in partnership with other team members to design and implement the broader product strategy to ensure Credit Cards achieve the right financial, income and return on capital performance within the right timescales. You will lead analysis to develop effective strategies and techniques suitable for differentiated customer segments and distribution channels to achieve key objectives of uptake and unit profitability. A key driver in the development and implementation of a portfolio management strategy, you will provide data driven insight to support key objectives of increasing more usage and borrowing on the credit card portfolio. You will also provide support in the development of appropriate strategies to help achieve profitability and growth targets for new business. Commenting and reporting on both portfolio performance and forecasting will be a part of the role as will providing appropriate development support to junior members of the team, including coaching in analytical investigation and reporting, pricing and portfolio management techniques. The ideal candidate will have significant experience of Banking products and markets with strong analytical skills, the ability to interpret and correlate a wide range of business performance measures from multiple sources, assess profitability forecasts, and present information to a senior audience in a logical and structured way. You'll have some SAS analyst experience with ability to create and structure insight using SAS techniques. An imaginative problem solver with the ability to investigate business issues and follow conclusions to resolution/implementation you will have the ability to work with minimal supervision and within tight deadlines whilst maintaining a high standard and attention to detail. Experience of coaching a group of inexperienced analysts in the development of management information, exploitation of multiple disparate data sources and portfolio management strategies would be beneficial. An employer you'll be proud of Our mutual status means we're here to benefit customers, not shareholders. Our commitment to customers, not shareholders, has always been what sets us apart from our competitors. And now, more than ever, our reputation for being open, honest and trustworthy is helping us go from strength to strength. In fact, it's made us the world's biggest building society as well as a major local employer. Underpinning it all is a commercial operation that never stands still. We're always thinking ahead, aiming higher and sharpening our competitive edge. That's why we invest in people who are not only proud of what we stand for, but who also have the talent and drive to boost our performance still further. The rewards you deserve If you put a lot in, it's only fair you should get a lot out. Help us continue to offer customers the best possible experience, and we'll give you all the support, recognition and rewards you deserve. As well as a great working environment and plenty of scope for development and growth, you can expect a generous package that includes pension, life assurance, healthcare and bonus scheme.