Title: Web & Content Manager  Oxford
Webindex: 68707917
Company: Madison Bridge
Description: Email Web Content Manager  Oxford  ****  **** The Email Web Content Manager will manage the company’s global email marketing programme and web content across multiple different geographies. This role will work closely with the CRM manager and Senior online manager to enhance the email lifecycle and optimise onsite consumer experience. This role will be accountable for analysing and reporting on all email activity across geographies each month whilst meeting, and aiming to exceed, the set sales targets. Key Accountabilities: Responsible for managing, driving and executing the email strategy globally, paying close attention to localisation. Working with Senior Online Marketing Manager to devise tactical campaigns and testing plans to enhance programmes. This includes the email address acquisition strategy. Responsible for managing the external email service provider, attending regular face to face meetings and ensuing constant optimisation of campaigns to leverage best practice international standards. Working closely with the Web content Assistant you will be responsible for the timely delivery of promotional content to the website, including new product releases, bespoke landing pages and any additional added value content. Responsible for the delivery of email marketing activity to meet CRM objectives, sales targets, optimise spend budgets, maximise ROI and increase consumer awareness of the brand/product portfolio. Responsible for weekly reporting my channel, running reports and loading into tracking documents Key Activities: To work with the Senior Online Marketing Manager to ensure that all geographies are performing to budget and optimising incremental activity across those geographies where appropriate. Briefing assets to the design team, building the campaigns within the CMS tool and deployment. Implementation and creation of lifecycle campaigns for multichannel and web only customers. Working closely with the CRM manager to ensure understanding of consumer trends by region and plan accordingly whilst taking into consideration macro economics and cultural expectations. Working in conjunction with the Web Content Assistant to fully delivery all site content, promotions and the development plan on time and in budget. Adhoc marketing activities contributing towards Ecommerce KPIs with the Senior Online Marketing Manager Relationships: Internal: Head of Ecommerce/Senior Online Marketing Manger/Design Team/Marketing Manager External: Online Agencies Qualifications/ Experience: To be considered for this you will have a sophisticated understanding of all aspects of email and web content marketing in an international environment. Ideally, you will be from a FMCG background. You not only have a good understanding of all aspects of email marketing, but also in the importance of a customer journey once they reach the ecommerce site. You will have proven experience in working in a fast paced environment and meeting demanding sales targets. Competencies 3 years direct email and web content experience either managing an agency of running in house campaigns internationally. Ability to understand multicultural marketing and have a keen interest in macro economics globally. Track record of analysing email trends and opportunities, and providing and implementing recommendations to improve campaigns, results and sales. Ability to be self directed, highly motivated very detail orientated Effective communicator with internal and external partners. For more infomation please contact Chris Bubb at Madison Bridge Associates. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/WebContentManagerOxford_job****