Title: Publisher Business Development SSP
Webindex: 69054310
Company: Ultimate Asset
Description: THE COMPANY For a large number of years, the company has been an international supplier of digital advertising solutions. They have a suite of very successful products for display, video, mobile and rich media ads. They allow digital marketing specialists, agencies and advertisers to manage and evaluate these forms of advertising in a simple and effective environment. They also provide highquality customer service and local knowhow for a range of high profile media owners / publishers. THE ROLE The Sales Manager plays a key role in ensuring the overall success of the company. The successful candidate will be responsible for establishing strong relationships with key publisher partners and onboarding these partners in order to generate new supply. You will lead all prospecting, negotiation and closing of these relationships and upsell new products. You will represent the company in the market, including attending industry events and conferences. THE IDEAL PERSON FOR THE ROLE You should have a demonstrated track record of closing deals with publishers, ad networks, optimizers and other sources of inventory and a developed knowledge of the digital advertising and internet ad sales business models. The role requires a highly motivated, selfstarter, who can interface easily with external clients. This is a great opportunity for somebody that enjoys dealmaking and working in an exciting space. The Sales Manager must have :  3 years experience in the digital advertising industry, including 2 years in a clientfacing role  Strong knowledge of the digital advertising technology landscape and trends, including ad networks, real time bidding, demand and supply side platforms  Understanding of digital publisher goals and business models a plus  Proven track record of meeting or exceeding sales goals  High energy, selfmotivated and passionate about advertising technology  Travel may be required Get in touch to find out more