Title: Marketing Activation Consultant
Webindex: 69555311
Description: We re working in challenging times and the scale of the corporate turnaround we re engaged in cannot be underestimated but we will achieve our goal. To do that we need good people. People who are passionate about delivering great service for our customers and working hard for each other. We re starting an exciting new chapter in our history it s a big challenge, but it s also a great opportunity. With us you ll have a variety of responsibilities that vary depending on the role you join us in. But one thing is constant  working as part of a team to ensure our customers are listened to, engaged and supported. This idea is central to everything we do, right across our organisation. To succeed here you ll need to be a team player, friendly, helpful and be able to use your initiative. We re looking for a Marketing Activation Consultant to support the Marketing and Customer Communications function. Reporting to the Senior Marketing Activation Manager, you ll work collaboratively with the retail / corporate digital teams to provide business units with information on all local / community and sponsorship portfolio. Additionally, you ll manage all risks and action plans arising as a result of business as usual activity and provide best in class event management, to support the achievement of business and brand objectives. To do this, you ll ideally have the following skills and experience 2  years experience in event management Experience in marketing communications for large organisations Experience in Public Relations and campaign management Experience of building relationships with creative PR agencies Ability to track and reconcile the sponsorship and events budget In return, we offer an excellent employee salary and benefit programme which can be tailored to suit your individual needs. In addition to financial benefits, we offer a wide selection of exclusive lifestyle offers, development and learning programmes, services and support designed to help you manage and balance your own worklife priorities.