Title: International Marketing Manager / Director
Webindex: 70519984
Company: A2Z School of English
Description: Fun young international company seeks marketing manager/director for ballistic global growth. Must have guts and personality as well as authentic domain knowledge and solid professional experience. We teach young adults from all over the world to speak English, but we also train teachers and people who own and manage schools in other countries. We have two UK schools, one in Manchester and the other in London and plan to open a school in Dublin very soon. As the emerging economies develop middle classes that want access to international education and commerce, demand for English as a foreign language is booming. The Middle East and South America also see schools kick off this year, so you will be joining us on a manic growth curve. You will be the only marketer, but you will be required to manage outsourced workers (print designers, copywriters, translators, web designers etc.) and in house staff responsible for creating content (school managers, student bloggers, teachers etc.). The position will involve overseeing the whole span of our marketing to achieve ambitious targets within barely possible time frames: Our perfect candidate:  A number of years in a serious marketing role  Degree educated with marketing qualification  Copywriting/proof reading skills, very keen attention to detail  Exceptional spoken and written English, ideally another language too  International/multi lingual marketing experience  Project management and line management skills, including management of offshore outsourced work  Knowledge of print and design processes, website build and management, Drupal, Video editing, SEO, PPC, Analytics.  Passionate about online and social media marketing, digital native  Ability to communicate clearly and listen well, call a spade a spade  A liking for working under pressure and achieving targets by effective delegation, no excuses  Likes a party and proper coffee  Experience of travel/language learning To a large extent this is a role that will develop and change nearly daily, so you need to be excited by constant flux and daily challenges. To apply email your CV and a covering letter and we will get back to you if we want to interview.