Title: Campaign Manager(s)
Webindex: 68541253
Company: AF SELECTION
Description: Due to increase client spend this well established marketing services agency are actively recruiting numerous Campaign Managers. Working onsite with a leading blue chip client, they are looking for the cream of the marketing world to undertake a full campaign role. As Campaign Manager you will coordinate, rationalise and execute all marketing campaigns working closely with the relevant stakeholders. Your main responsibilities will include being responsible for producing operational and marketing activity across the core business functions, working closely with relevant agencies to drive consistency of creative and copy across external communications, and to work closely with the wider brand team to ensure brand positioning consistency both on and offline. The Campaign Manager is seen as the day to day 'go to' person in driving forwards the synergies between the managed service with the client and the print management team. You will take responsibility for managing projects ensuring that they are delivered on time and to budget across print and online. To apply for this role you will have proven experience in the full marketing mix ideally gained from both client and agency sides, ideally though not essentially in a financial services / regulated environment. You will definitely need extensive experience of creative and campaign management combined with fabulous organisational, planning, multitasking and project management skills.It may well be that you've been working in an agency environment in an Account Management role, but are now keen to move into a more corporate, sole client role. Equally you may have been working in a campaign management role already and are keen to try working life with a major organisation need more It is a given that you will have excellent interpersonal, written and oral communication skills and a proficiency with Microsoft Office applications. You will be expected to know relevant process and procedure and understand why it is important, be aware of the systems in use and be able to use competently understand how the production process works and how changes in one area could have an impact elsewhere. The client is looking to interview early December with a view of successful candidates starting early in the new year. These are all urgent roles to be filled, so please send your CV immediately considered. Please send your CV to consultafselection.co.uk or call Emma Tee or Debra BullmoreDunn for a confidential discussion