Title: Marketing / Communications Executive B2B
Webindex: 68678274
Company: hunt4staff.com
Description: Our client is a longestablished innovative manufacturer of exhibition and display products with over **** UK dealers and a global presence in 72 countries. Due to expanding business and exciting product developments the MD is seeking to recruit an experienced Marketing / Communications Executive. Responsible for all aspects of business to business (B2B) marketing and the promotion and launch of new products, the Marketing / Communications Executive will be an adept operator of traditional communication techniques (PR, mail, brochures) and new marketing strategies (website, blogging, online media, social media) aimed at both maintaining our client’s business presence and in generating new enquiries. This is a great opportunity to join a thriving business at an exciting point in its development. The role also offers the realistic prospect of progression to a more senior position within the company for an outstanding performer. Hunt4Staff is operating as a recruitment advertising partner. As such, every application will be passed directly to our client. As a candidate, you can be confident your application will reach the recruiting decision maker. Your duties as a Marketing / Communications Executive B2B will include: Managing the customerfacing and business to business (B2B) aspects of generating enquiries and consolidating present clients. Managing the website content, writing blogs, emarketing, direct mail, producing promotional Youtube films, Social media, advertising, PR etc. Supporting, and working closely with, the Sales Manager and MD. Product launch and promotional. Occasional travel to visit suppliers and attend trade fairs. More senior applicants will need to demonstrate an ability to create reports on market trends for the MD and Sales Manager to assist them developing the marketing strategy.  The ideal candidate will possess the following skills and qualities: Demonstrable experience in B2B marketing and communications, although not necessarily in the exhibition and display market. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. A confident, professional, friendly and presentable approach to business. Strong knowledge of Apple software and desktop publishing. Some experience of the manufacturing industry would be an advantage. A full driving licence and use of own vehicle. Salary and reward package: Salary of ****k****k depending upon skills and experience. Mileage/travel expenses. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingCommunicationsExecutiveB2B_job****