Title: Marketing Assistant – Maresfield / Uckfield
Webindex: 70826554
Company: Kitchen Door Workshop Limited
Description: The Company; Since ****itchen Door Workshop has grown to become one of the UK's largest replacement kitchen door specialists, supplying Trade and DIY customers nationwide via our website. We are committed to providing excellent customer service and have been rated as 'Excellent' by independent review site Trustpilot We are now looking to build an ‘in house’ marketing team at our offices in Maresfield, nr Uckfield in East Sussex, and seek a passionate marketing graduate who will take responsibility for coordinating and managing all aspects of our marketing activities. The Role; Initially to identify potential trade customers for our kitchen and bedroom door ranges. Find the most effective methods for marketing to them. Help in the design of marketing media. Monitor response from marketing and produce reports. Engage with our trade and DIY customers on an ongoing basis. Your role will also be to coordinate and manage all our marketing activities, both online and offline, including digital media, print media, PR, social media and exhibitions. The ideal candidate will have: A degree in marketing or an associated degree with a marketing specialism Proven experience working within a marketing team A customer focused approach Good communication skills A good working knowledge of Outlook, Word, Excel Internet packages Excellent verbal and written communication skills Strong organizational and time management ability Although we are ideally looking for a graduate with work experience, we will consider applications form graduates who are looking to enter the workplace. This is a fast moving ‘hands on’ role and you must have a flexible personality, with a ‘can do’ work ethic. Reporting directly to the Managing Director you will be responsible for achieving the companies’ ambitious marketing goals. You should therefore be ambitious, motivated and be able to work to tight deadlines. This is a full or part time role. Marketing, online marketing, marketing assistant, marketing executive, online marketing