Title: Talent Agency Assistant
Webindex: 70656149
Company: MERLIN ELITE
Description: A dynamic, varied and fast paced role for a highly organised individual looking for an exciting career in artist management. One of the UK’s leading talent management firms representing a roster of successful personalities from the worlds of Sport and Entertainment. With exceptional organisational ability and excellent communication skills your primary responsibility will be supporting the company MD and will assist her with the management of ****ey clients. We are looking for a savvy, switched on team player with the ability to take direction, adopt responsibility and diffuse potential issues. As a bright, enthusiastic individual you will be a fast learner who thrives in a busy multitasking environment and remains calm under pressure. Relevant experience essential, common sense a must. This role would suit a second jobber with between ****4 years’ experience within a media, advertising, TV or entertainment environment (ESSENTIAL). This is an opportunity for the right individual to develop a career within artist management. Responsibilities: Managing inbound enquiries, taking and answering briefs for client base. Trouble shooting and defusing calls. Building and maintaining relationships with key industry contacts. Organising photo shoots, filming and public appearances. Client Diary Management Logistics, travel, hotel and restaurant bookings. Database Updating Assisting MD with project work and research Direct client contact requiring tact, diplomacy and discretion on a daily basis Key Skills: Excellent organisational ability Ability to multitask and prioritise. Excellent time management. Savvy and switched on with a ‘Whatever it takes’ attitude Excellent Communicator and Relationship builder with great people skills. Team player – content working in a buzzy, hands on office. Selfmotivated with ability to take responsibility for actions. Good industry knowledge and strong commercial awareness. Experience with Databases. Ideally knowledge of ACT Discretion and confidentiality essential.