Title: Marketing and PR Assistant  Super Cool Luxury British Brand
Webindex: 69022431
Company: RecruitmentRevolution.com
Description: Marketing and PR Assistant  Super Cool Luxury British Brand c****  generous staff discount Haslemere, Surrey Aspinal of London have a vacancy for a Marketing and PR Assistant. We are a luxury leather goods brand with a distinctive British sensibility and growing international recognition and have a vacancy for a Marketing and PR Assistant. Join us to drive our marketing and PR activity across multichannel retail, social networking and ecommerce operations. Our company employs a team who strive to achieve the highest standards of quality and care throughout the organisation, in keeping with its luxury positioning. The primary purpose of the role will be to represent us as our front of house ambassador with specific emphasis on being a brand builder, and maintaining our super cool image. Responsibilities will include: > To plan, execute and drive promotional events in UK retail stores and concessions, working with Store Managers to maximise turnover and coverage in their location/centre. > To advise and with support, plan and execute international events and launches. > Develop and maintain relationships with all brand ambassadors, celebrity relationships and business partners ensuring that maximum exposure and promotion of the brand is gained > Measure PR activity and year on year feedback to ensure all target titles are on brand > Manage PR samples and returns stock > Maintain all publicity files and portfolios are up to date and available when required > Ensure at all times that the brand values are adhered to and that across the business the image is maintained to all external and internal contacts. > Assist with mail order and catalogue production > Assist with the recruitment of interns and seasonal marketing assistants that join us to assist with promotional activity The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate a professional work ethic and have a creative eye with excellent attention to detail. You will be equally driven working alone or as part of a team and be a strong and effective communicator at all levels. A quick and critical thinker you will be an important contributor to the future success of this expanding business. You may have experience in the following roles: Graduate Marketing Executive, Graduate Marketing Assistant, Graduate PR Executive. Application Statement: By applying for this role you give express consent for us to process The UK s first online recruitment agency created ****