Title: Senior Marketing Executive Software Services
Webindex: 70767981
Company: BMS Sales and Marketing Specialists
Description: Senior Marketing Executive  Software Services RETENTION: Working with a well established and market leading product, the Senior Marketing Executive will control the customer communications strategy to increase retention and develop brand awareness within the industry. The Senior Marketing Executive will use broad channels including web content, eDM, DM, events and social media. PROPERTY: Used by property developers and investors including financial institutions and local governments, this analytics tool helps map investment and manages risk. Due to the nature and effectiveness of their product, this small but rapidly growing company is expanding their marketing department in the form of a Senior Marketing Executive. The Senior Marketing Executive will sit in a team of 4 people and will be a key individual to ensure client retention and consistent messaging. ABOUT YOU: Having worked as a marketing executive in a B2B environment, you will be a proven marketer with experience of campaign management using CRM segmentation. With a dynamic and flexible approach, you will be looking for ownership and autonomy in your next role. THE PACKAGE: Basic Salary  **** plus bonus Benefits  Healthcare, Pension, 24 Days  Stats Location West London, South West London Contact Mark Simmance  (Apply online only) Reference **** BMS Marketing is a specialist marketing recruitment consultancy with offices in the South East, London and the Midlands. As a business we truly believe that marketing skills are transferable so our aim is to get candidates into the right job with the right company, not just another job in the sector you ve been working in. As a result our clients vary across both B2B and B2C sectors, whether they re well established Blue Chips or total startups. And the marketing jobs we recruit for vary across the marketing mix. If you d like to discuss how we can help in more detail then please give us a call or visit our website at (url removed)