Title: Marketing Executive / Social Media Content Management / Copy Writer / Belfast
Webindex: 67384996
Company: Independent Search Solutions
Description: Role: Social Media Marketing Executive / Copy Writer Location: Belfast City Centre Package: ****k  ****k (Basic Salary / Bonus Related to Revenue / Profit), 20 Days Annual Leave, Gym Membership Role: You will be tasked with managing all digital marketing initiatives. This will include the content management of the main Online Platform and Social Media Interaction. Heavy reliance on Writing engaging content that attracts viewers / users to the main site. Main duties Responsibilities:  Copt Writing for Main Online Platform  Copy writing and content management for Social Medial Accounts – Twitter / Facebook / Mum’s Net / Etc  Blog Writer  Create search engine friendly content for website portfolio  Create and manage email marketing programme / newsletter  Website Administrative Duties / First point of Contact  SEO Experience Required:  A degree in English / Literature / Creative Writing / Marketing  Strong copy writing experience in a professional capacity  Experience in designing, developing and implementing Online Content for companies  Strong experience with Social Media – Facebook / Mums Net / Etc)  Online Platform content management experience Desirable:  Knowledge and understanding of social media monitoring tools.  Experience sourcing and managing content development and publishing.  Discretion to identify threats and opportunities in usergenerated content.  Confidence to take the lead within a team and work collaboratively with other teams.  Comfortable working with, interpreting and presenting data.  Good technical understanding and ability to master unfamiliar tools quickly.  Consistent problemsolving ability with acute attention to detail.  Online marketing experience  An awareness of SEO techniques and web analytics  Excellent Computer Skills: MS OfficeMS Outlook, Word, Excel and the Internet Client: Start Up Business that has been trading for 12 months, has just secured VC Funds for Initial Growth stage. Looking for future employees to come in a join a hard working team that will go on to be future corporate directors of the business. This company offers an innovative platform that takes into account all the worries facing families today; they are taking advantage of modern technology to make it easier for you to keep your family healthy. Already recognised internationally as the ‘Most innovative digital solution for home cooks’ the firm plans to develop the product further and secure further funding and grow revenue streams. With a clear strategy to become the global player in eHealth FoodTech markets. You have the opportunity to join this company at a very exciting time. With the development of the companies Online Platform key to the success of the business an Equity stake is set aside for Key Employees such as yourself in the IT Development Team. Be part of a IT Company that rewards its employees by making themselves their own boss in the future. As a very flat organisation, everyone has an input and everyone’s voice is heard. We are looking for people who can set their own direction take pride in what they create. You will be an integral part of the team will see your ideas eventually influencing millions of people worldwide. If this sounds like a great opportunity that you don’t want to miss out on APPLY TODAY by following the links below and send me through your CV Key Words: Copy Writer / English Degree / Published Author / Content Management / Social Media / Belfast Independent Search Solutions (ISS Ltd) is as the name suggests an Independent Employment Agency that aims to treat all its applicants with the upmost respect and in a professional manner. With a Company code of practice in place you can be assured that your details will not be shown to any of ISS Ltd’s clients without your total consent.