Title: Operations Director – North London
Webindex: 71678791
Company: ASG International
Description: Position: Operations Director – North London Salary: **** – **** The Role As a result of recent contract wins and increasing workloads from existing clients, an exciting and rare opportunity now exists for an extremely energetic and dynamic Operations Director to oversee and take overall responsibility for all operational aspects of the business. Skills required:  The ability to develop, implement and enforce rigorous but pragmatic, simple and effective systems, processes and procedures.  Strong leadership skills with exceptional management skills.  Knowledge of best operational practices.  Knowledge/experience of direct mail production, digital print, VDP, data processes, service delivery and distribution.  Strategic thinker able to advise on future development and investment to meet the changing market trends/demands.  A broad, entrepreneurial skill set. Responsibilities:  Operational and commercial responsibility for all operational areas within the business – commercial services/outsourcing/print management, data services, laser, digital print, print finishing, mailing/enclosing, warehouse and distribution.  Ensure the correct and efficient deployment of resource is in place, including equipment and personnel to match the business needs in a changing and evolving market  Managing the support services of H S, ISO, FSC and other accreditations.  Asses, identify and facilitate operational staff training and development needs. A bout Us ASG – Connecting Marketing Businesses with the very best Talent. W e are a leading Permanent, Contract and Executive Search Consultancy specialising in key areas within Marketing that includes:  Marketing Technology, Design and Development (IT)  Digital Marketing (New Media)  Data  Campaign/Project Management  Production  Print/Packaging Manufacturing Print Management  Creative Services  Client Services  Related BPO (business process outsourcing) Our experienced consultants each have their own sectors of expertise offering their services across all areas of business from Production, Operations and Design through to Sales, Client Services, Marketing and all levels of senior management and directorship. asg – www.asginternational.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OperationsDirectorNorthLondon_job****