Title: Online Digital Marketing Communications Executive
Webindex: 68632304
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Online Digital Marketing Communications Executive Based just outside Woking Up to **** plus benefits including parking (hours ****) 25 days holiday Our client is seeking to recruit a Online Digital Marketing Communications Executive to manage intranet and web based communications and provide administrative and creative support to the UK Sales and Group Marketing Department. The duties of the Online Digital Marketing Communications Executive will include: Managing the design, development, branding and consistency of all graphical aspects relating to internal and external marketing communications Adding creative style and flair to marketing communication material Continuously improving and making recommendations to the management team of how to improve all aspects of the online/digital offering Design work for printed and online materials (posters, emails), working with agencies to develop and produce marketing material where needed Design, creation and maintenance of product specific sales presentations Exploring and developing opportunities to use new media technologies in Internal/External Communications Managing the company website through existing CMS Design, creation and maintenance of the company intranet pages Maintaining and further development of the image library Reporting to the Marketing Services Manager you will have at experience in a similar role, including a good technical knowledge of intranets and web based communications, experience of designing work for both printed and online marketing, managing projects, writing and editing skills, and the design and creation of product presentations. It is ESSENTIAL you have a good working knowledge of design software (ideally Acrobat and flash, Dreamweaver, Quark Xpress/In Design, Photoshop, Illustrator). This is a performance targeted role will require a detailorientated and flexible person who can multitask. You must be highly creative and motivated. You will have a very flexible and hands on approach and a meticulous eye for design standards. Successful CVs will receive a response within **** hours When applying; please make sure you include a contact email and telephone number, as well as your required salary, notice period and whether or not you have transport. First **** Personnel ( Temps) Ltd is an established Recruitment Consultancy, Surreybased, providing a full recruitment solution of temporary and permanent staff within the Surrey and Hampshire area, over **** divisions: Accountancy Finance; Sales Marketing; Commercial Office; IT Executive. For more permanent, contract or temporary job opportunities in the Guildford, Farnham, Farnborough, Camberley, Weybridge, Woking, Staines and West Byfleet areas please check our website. You must reside in UK and be able to produce evidence of eligibility to work in UK. First **** Personnel ( Temps) Ltd does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. We are acting as a Recruitment Agency in relation to permanent roles.