Title: Senior Account Manager  Channel Marketing
Webindex: 70767869
Company: Austin Clark Recruitment
Description: My client based in Wokingham is looking to recruit a Senior Account Manager who has extensive experience within Channel Marketing, working with B2B clients. As a leading Marketing company my client develops marketing and sales content for large multinational organisations primarily in the B2B arena. This content is utilised across digital, social and mobile communications channels. Communications are delivered through their own digital content delivery platform, bespoke web/mobile applications and all mainstream working independently under general supervision from the Group Account Director/Account Director. Their assignments are inclusive of operations and financial management elements. They are in daily contact with clients and teammembers, face to face, by phone and in writing. Senior Account Managers should be knowledgeable in client markets and strategies as well as competitors activity and will share this knowledge with the members of the account team. They will use this same knowledge to provide strategic insight on an account and to generate new business opportunities with the client. Competencies Analysis / Problem assessment Communication Customer Service Focus Impact Initiative Meeting Facilitation / Meeting Leadership Negotiation Organisational Awareness Persuasiveness / Sales Ability Planning and Organising / Work Management Teamwork / Collaboration Technical / Professional Knowledge Work Standards Written Communication Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities Take total responsibility for the control of all work for your clients, ensuring its timely progress through the company and that it achieves and exceeds the expectations of your clients. Ensure through efficient administration systems and close monitoring of suppliers that all jobs are carried out efficiently and to a high standard. Be confident in building relationships with clients. Provide client with confidence that we will meet the client s own expectations in accuracy and quality. Ensure project quality and excellence. Maintain, and from time to time review operational procedures being used on your clients. Recommend and implement process improvement aligned to company goals. Review all jobs on completion both internally through assessment and externally in a client summary or creative review. Develop a central coordination role for your team providing accurate briefing and ensuring information is available when required by own team and other departments. Be aware of and monitor client s marketing activity and that of their competition, developing an understanding of market dynamics, and client/competitor strategies and objectives. Work with the client to develop campaign plans. Work with the client to develop Marcomms plans. Ensure that all accounting procedures are efficiently adhered to for us and your clients. Monitor accuracy of invoicing and payment of invoices by clients; maintain awareness of client expenditure month on month. Ensure profitability of projects. Provide accurate information for Account Director s or Client Services Director s forecasts each month. Anticipate and develop solutions to quality or cost problems. Seek out profit and new sales opportunities. Actively develop crossdepartment team spirit and involvement in your client s activities. Participate in client planning and development process. Keep senior members of the team informed of details likely to affect the Client relationship. Demonstrate a good understanding of all aspects of marketing. Participate in client presentations. Identify new business opportunities with existing and new clients. Train and mentor junior team members on daily tasks. Such other comparable duties as may be required by the Company. The successful applicant will have Have a marketing degree or be CIM qualified. Have strong channel marketing experience Have a minimum of three years experience in either a marketing agency with B2B clients Have strong project management skills in order to deliver a number of campaigns on time and in budget simultaneously