Title: TTG (Travel, Trade, Gazette), Special Projects Editor
Webindex: 67804016
Company: UBM
Description: Special Projects Editor TTG (Travel, Trade, Gazette) An exciting opportunity has opened to join the TTG Media content team working as a Special Projects Editor. The Special Projects Editor will ensure commerciallyled content projects are delivered to the highest standards, on time and with exceptional Return on Investment and Return on Objectives. The role will involve writing and project management across a number of TTG products, and platforms including digital, print and events. The Special Projects Editor will work closely with the editorial and sales teams, as well as liaising regularly with the Digital Manager. You will take a lead role in the planning and implementation of Client Solutions projects and be responsible in creating, managing and tracking fullscale project plans. You will ensure a thorough understanding of and ability to deploy the product range available within the group, which will include custom publishing, custom video/audio, live events, virtual events, webinars, surveys, microsites and social networking. If you are a creative journalist with the ability to write effectively for a B2B audience, with a features background and some news experience that is highly organised with excellent verbal and written communication we would like to hear from you. This is a fantastic opportunity to work in a fun environment on an exciting new role with a multi awardwinning media business serving the travel industry through a broad range of media channels. Minimum of 3 years features and news writing across digital and print platforms along with direct experience of working with sales teams on editorialled commercial campaigns is preferred. You will also be required to attend industry events, seminars and conferences to build awareness of TTG within the marketplace. TTG is the leading UK travel trade media brand, informing, championing and inspiring our consumers across our print, online and events channels. Our office is located in central London (Blackfriars). Alongside a competitive salary of ****  **** (depending on experience) we also offer the following employee benefits: Season ticket loan, money purchased pension scheme, life assurance, cycle2work, eye care and child care vouchers. If you are interested in this fantastic opportunity, please email your CV and Cover letter to Peter Halikias at BERecruitmentubm.com