Title: Retail Customer Insight Manager
Webindex: 69686443
Company: Tarsh Lazare Marketing Recruitment
Description: An exciting opportunity to join a growing team in a newly created customer insight role. As customer champion you will have experience of working within a retail brand, managing research agencies as your insight influences the business and drives strategic decision making across all teams. Opportunity to work from home/agency 12 days per week Our Ideal Candidate Ideally you will come from a retail background however FMCG or research agency background whereby your responsibility has been to champion the customer would be great Commercially savvy with a good grasp of business and marketing priorities is key, as are strong presentation and influencing skills, with the ability to present data to internal and external audiences. You will be fully conversant in the latest research techniques and will of course be able to write clear briefs. You will unlock growth potential opportunities and sell these into the business with passion and integrity. You ll provide insightful research solutions and a deep understanding of the company s brands, consumers and customers  ensuring that marketing activity, communication and decision making reflects research based consumer needs. A high profile role within a global brand you will own customer led programmes, develop new ones and consistently hero the consumer; a challenging and rewarding role for a customer insight manager looking for their next challenge. Client Profile With a significant heritage and beginnings in America, this global energy group now operates in over 80 countries across **** continents. Fuelling planes in WW**** trains and cars this brand has a wide portfolio of first to market products and industry must haves; a brand that is continuing to go from strength to strength taking advantage of its heritage whilst also managing its environmental impact. With a unique retail offering the team is growing with a focus on the customer this is an exciting time to join the team. Tarsh Lazare Marketing Recruitment is committed to finding the right roles for talented candidates. We are a leading name in marketing recruitment and have significant marketing recruitment experience working with brand management, communications, category management and insight / research specialists. If you would like to discuss this role, or any other roles that might be suitable, please email or call one of the team now on **** **** ****