Title: Group Communications Officer
Webindex: 67649692
Company: Benchmark Recruit
Description: Our client is a leading firm based in Sheffield and are currently recruiting for a Group Communications Officer to join their team. Duties within the role: Forming a key part of the Group Communications Team, this role is central to the continued development and implementation of the firms internal communication strategy, to enable the firm to achieve its vision to become the legal brand of choice. As part of this role, the Group Communications and Social Responsibility Officer will be required to work across all areas of the business and at all levels, ensuring that the firms values, key messages and measures are in place. In addition to this, the post holder will have responsibility for supporting and implementing the firms award winning Social responsibility (SR) programme and related communications activities, including PR. This role will require good project management and influencing skills as well as an ability to manage virtual teams across the firm. The successful candidate: Ability to assess an internal clients needs and objectives in order to offer the most suitable communications channels and activity. Managing channels including (but not limited to) ebulletins, video, posters, wallpapers, email, intranet, presentations and some PR. Measurement of staff engagement with internal communications channels analytical approach Good organisation skills Ability to communicate with others clearly Creative approach to finding new ways to engage our employees Potentially some internal event management Eye for detail and strong writing skills. Will be representing the firm working with local charities so good personal presentation required. The successful candidate will also have experience of working within a Communications environment and may even have some relevant journalism experience. You will possess a minimum of **** GCSEs grades C or above (including Maths and English) but ideally be degree qualified in a relevant subject. Benefits include: Westfield Health Gym Membership Critical Illness Cover Online Shopping Discounts Benchmark is a leading Sheffield based independent recruitment consultancy, specialising in Sales & Marketing, IT & Technical, Creative & Digital, Office, Legal & Financial Recruitment. With flexible solutions covering both the permanent and temporary recruitment sector, Benchmark actively recruits positions from Graduate trainee, entry level roles through to senior management positions. As a local company with a national reach, Benchmark delivers first class recruitment solutions for the regions leading employers. Successfully completed assignments include roles such as: Field Sales, Account Managers, Sales Executives, Telesales, Digital Account Managers, Marketing Managers, PHP Development, Software Engineering, Java Development, Web Design, IT Support, Office Managers, Secretaries, Accounts Assistants, Financial Controllers. Paralegals, Solicitors, Patent Attorneys to name a few. To find out more about us and to view all the latest vacancies, please visit Benchmark (url removed)