Title: Campaign Planning Project Manager
Webindex: 72238040
Company: Source Personnel
Description: The agency in discussion is a top integrated agency  award winning and they work with the best known brands in the UK as well as international. Based slightly off centre in South London they are sitting within a leafy area with the gorgeous river nearby. The agency has worked hard to build up a fantastic reputation and consider themselves a great deliver of direct response campaigns. They are now looking for a Campaign Integrated Project Manager to work within their family. As Campaign Planning Project Manager, you will support a small team of Account Managers in producing below the line campaigns for one of the UKs best known entertainment brand. Your role is all about creating and delivering a full range of integrated conceptual campaigns into the market. Working closely with the client and other ATL agencies, this team provides an answer to conceptual work from brief to market. Key requirements of the Campaign Planning Project Manager:  To deliver integrated campaigns across TV, Press, DM, Online, Print and POS  To support the main team and take charge of resourcing, trafficking and artwork processes  Strong financial acumen in estimating and excellent timekeeping on all projects  Organise and attend briefing and status meetings, deal with internal teams and third parties  Manage asset production processes with the creative teams involved As Campaign Planning Project Manager  at initial brief you will work alongside the Account Manager to help create the timings and budgets across the required production of communication materials. Once the brief is signed off you will traffic the work through the creative process, working alongside the traffic department to ensure a smooth process and then deliver into artwork and production. You will be responsible for the post reconciliation of each job to ensure timings and costs are being monitored and flagged if incorrect or gone over. Key abilities of the Campaign Planning Project Manager:  Integrated media split with focus on below the line channels  Proven agency experience managing a brief through creative into artwork production  Ability to create and implement timings plans, estimates and any other required documentation on a system  Paprika is preferable  Brilliant team player but also capable of working on your own  Work calmly and efficiently under pressure The team has a great process in which you will be stepping into so its all about multitasking and delivering a great range of campaign work. Its about doing the role and getting stuck into other ad hoc requirements when necessary to exceed client expectations. A great opportunity for a midweight Integrated Project Manager to get their teeth into and own it This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CampaignPlanningProjectManager_job****