Title: SEO Process Manager
Webindex: 68181906
Company: Digital Personnel Ltd
Description: Awardwinning Digital Marketing Agency, with HQ in Central London, requires a new SEO Process Manager to join their team paying a competitive salary of up to **** The SEO Process Manager will report to the Head of Outreach, SEO Director and Campaign Director and will have the responsibility of allocating the outreach budget across all clients. The SEO Process Manager will primarily be working with Account Managers and Outreach Managers in order to determine what the clients offpage SEO needs are and then assess how best the budget is spent between clients. You will possess excellent communication and negotiation skills in order to suggest new approaches or tweaks to existing processes, as well as the maturity, responsibility and aptitude to manage a large annual budget. Primary responsibilities will include  Identifying and negotiating with 3rd party suppliers to build scalable, cost effective and functioning partnerships for the agency, including Newswires, Newspaper networks, Journalists, Content providers, Creative agencies and other 3rd party agencies where required.  Develop a streamlined and efficient process to manage all outsourcing, capturing and interpreting requirements from the Client Services and SEO departments, managing providers to deliver those requirements and communicating effectively to stakeholders.  Quality assessment and control of the work delivered by suppliers.  Delivering accurate and timely costs forecasts and reporting to the heads of department and Finance, utilising the PO system as required.  Facilitate accurate and timely client reporting by incorporating all supplier reports into agency reporting tools.  Working with the agencys lead copywriter in order to streamline the Digital PR offering ensuring maximum SEO value for their clients and efficiency for the agency.  Working alongside the Outreach Specialist teams in order to plan and project manage client events across multiple sectors on an adhoc basis.  Central participant in department planning meetings.  Identification of improvement areas for internal processes, deliverables and communication. Essential Skills:  You will need to have a strong grasp of SEO, particularly in relation to offsite optimisation, in order to quality control the delivery of outsourced work and project manage outreach work internally.  Strong background in setting up and managing a new process from the ground up.  Familiarity with various project / process management methods.  Incredible attention to detail.  Financial aptitude and responsibility.  Software skills including Salesforce or a similar CRM system (critical), Excel (advanced), Majestic SEO (advanced), Open Site Explorer (advanced). This Digital Agency has a specialism within Search Marketing and symbolises all that is great about the Search Marketing arena in the UK, from their inception in the early **** s they have developed year on year and currently employ more than **** staff. The Agency is made up of true pioneers within SEO, Paid Search and Social Media markets and has become a leader in innovation and campaign delivery. The business is also expanding out into other online channels to add further value to their client portfolio. The ideal candidate will offer excellent project / process management skills and a very good knowledge of offpage SEO. This is a new role within the agency so new ideas and improvements will be welcomed, a great chance to mould your own new role If you are interested and can offer the required skills then please do not hesitate to applyDigital Personnel is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Digital Personnel is a specialist recruitment consultancy supporting the digital media market, developing recruitment partnerships with innovative interactive businesses on a global scale. Digital Personnel supply the talent so that our clients can focus on creating and implementing online marketing strategies that continue to push the boundaries within this everevolving industry.