Title: Graduate Marketing Executive  Great Opportunity  Wokingham
Webindex: 67212290
Description: Bridgewater Resources UK is recruiting for a group of marketleading businesses supplying a wide range of electrical equipment to business and trade customers. Their Head Office in Wokingham requires a Graduate Marketing Executive to join their motivated and friendly team. This is an outstanding opportunity to have an insight into how the business works. The company offers initial products and skills training. You will be involved in the effective planning and delivery of various promotional campaigns using advertising, direct mail, and web based mediums to increase sales and maintain the market leading position of the company. In this varied and exciting role you will be responsible for project managing vendor marketing campaigns in addition to managing the design, production, and distribution processes associated with effective product launches and marketing communications. You will also write copy for press releases, case studies and press articles and provide support at events, open days and road shows. You will project manage marketing projects to completion as delegated by the Sales & Marketing Director. It is a crucial role within the business and therefore we are looking for bright, wellorganised quicklearners with good numerical skills. The candidates will be motivated and enthusiastic university graduates with a degree in Marketing. Good written and verbal communication skills and excellent attention to detail are essential. At least one year Marketing experience is required. Experience of managing external agencies such as print, postage & design is desirable. There are excellent opportunities for career progression within the company and the group. The starting salary is ****  **** per annum, increasing with experience. This will be supplemented by an annual bonus and optional membership of the company pension scheme. If you think you have the right experience and personality to fulfil this role, apply to Bridgewater Resources UK with your CV and a covering letter