Title: Digital Campaign Junior Manager
Webindex: 68688223
Company: SCom
Description: Digital Campaign Manager required to work with the UKCL Digital Marketing and CRM teams to source, manage and measure digital marketing campaigns deployed across a range of media and campaigns including search, CRM, social media, online retail channels and onsite content. Onsite content Deploying highly relevant content across our platforms. Working with our central and local teams and our agencies to ensure that we deliver the right content to the right platform on time, every time. This will require the Campaign Manager to activate centrally created content assets as well as developing and deploying local assets. Search Engine Marketing Working with the Sr. Online Marketing Manager and Central Marketing and IT, the Campaign Manager will tactically manage our paid and natural search campaigns, ensuring that keywords, ad copy and onpage content are highly focussed on attracting, converting and retraining consumers. Social media Developing and managing a social media calendar that is highly focussed on creating and maintaining valueadding conversations with consumers via a range of platforms. Working with our central team , local PR team and our agencies, the Campaign Manager will shape the calendar, manage content and track effectiveness. CRM Working with our consumer segmentation, develop relevant content for deployment via Eloqua Marketing Automation and Behavioural Targeting tools eCommerce As part of the Campaign Manager??s role, they will work with the local eCommerce Marketing Manager and our central teams to ensure that all relevant content is deployed across all of our major retail customers on time. Content Reporting / measurement Measuring the performance of content is a key element of the Campaign Manager??s role. Content will be optimised based on core content activation and performance reports measures using a range of tools, from Omniture web analytics to specific reports measuring the impact and effectiveness of eCommerce, search and social media activity. The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove they are legally entitled to work in the UK. SCom is a trading name of S.com Group Ltd an Employment Business/Agency. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DigitalCampaignJuniorManager_job****