Title: Media Public Relations Manager  Communications
Webindex: 69040372
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Media Public Relations Manager  Communications Reference no: Redbridge **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: IG**** **** What s involved with this role: To ensure effective and responsive media relations through the provision of information to journalists on a proactive basis and in response to enquiries. To raise the profile of the Council locally, regionally and nationally by positively presenting the Council s priorities in the media. Provide advice to managers and Members on the handling of the media. Duties include: Lead on dealing with the media and in the development of highly effective media relations, including the maintenance of positive relationships with media professionals. Proactively manage the presentation of the Council s key messages in the media. Work with services to actively develop greater coverage of Council priorities in national, regional and local media by generating articles and writing articles where necessary. Provide advice to managers and services in dealing with media issues. Work with services to develop strategies for media coverage. Collaborate with partner organisations in developing media coverage and represent the Council on external bodies where necessary. Manage the relationship with film producers operating in the borough. Lead on training across the Council in working with the media. Develop positive relationships with elected Members, provided support for portfolio holders. Advise managers about media trends, opportunities and feedback from the public, including analysis of positive and negative media coverage. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Experience of advising senior officers and politicians on media issues Wide and extensive management experience Highly motivated selfstarter Organised, articulate and able to grasp complex information Calm in a crisis and take a creative approach to problem solving Knowledge of how to use social media channels Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Strategic Services/ Communications/ Media Public Relations Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 2 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited