Title: Regional Marketing Assistant
Webindex: 70767957
Company: Response Web Recruitment
Description: Regional Marketing Assistant Based in London Salary: ****  ****  Excellent Benefits One of the UK s leading professional services companies is currently looking to recruit an intelligent and creative Regional Marketing Assistant in London. The company is the 7th largest accounting firm in the UK and is recognised as one of the most progressive and entrepreneurial in the country. This is a fantastic opportunity to develop your marketing career within a dynamic market leading business. Reporting to the Regional Marketing Manager, you will provide marketing support to the London region, helping to ensure the efficient implementation of marketing activity that serves to reinforce and strengthen the firm s national strategy. Typical activities will include assisting in the production and distribution of marketing material, PR, advertising, sponsorship, assisting with lead generation through direct mail and eshots, arranging events and database management. You may also be required to assist with the implementation of national marketing initiatives on occasion. The ideal candidate for the role will be an intelligent marketing professional looking for an opportunity to further their career within a market leading business. Experience within professional services would be an advantage, however not essential. You must be able to demonstrate a good understanding of the full marketing mix. You will have excellent organisational skills as well as the ability to use your initiative, plus exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal. You will need strong project management skills, attention to detail, and the ability to work equally effectively alone and as part of a team. You will be committed to delivering firstrate levels of service at all times, and have the desire to forge a successful career in marketing. As Regional Marketing Assistant you will have knowledge of all elements of the marketing mix, including planning and implementing campaigns, direct mail, exhibitions, advertising, seminars, literature production, and networking. This is a great chance to develop your marketing career within one of the UK s most dynamic and ambitious companies. To apply for the Regional Marketing Assistant role please submit your CV quoting reference RSM278  VA. The job may be suitable for candidates who have experience in the following: Regional Marketing Executive, Marketing Executive, Marketing Officer, Senior Marketing Executive, Campaign Manager, Marketing Assistant, Marketing Administrator, Direct Marketing Assistant