Title: Marketing Coordinator BLUM5922
Webindex: 68689265
Company: Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd
Description: Marketing Coordinator BLUM5922 Peterlee, County Durham Salary circa **** depending on experience Our client is one of the World’s foremost suppliers of the finest quality catering equipment and clothing. They specialise in supplying high calibre and unique products for the catering industry and aim to keep replacement costs low by providing the highest quality products through their superior brands. They now have an exciting opportunity for a Marketing Coordinator to join their already established and successful marketing department on a permanent, full time basis. Although primarily focused on one business, the role will also span across other businesses within the group. Reporting to the Marketing Manager, the Marketing Coordinator will be specifically responsible for the management and effective use of all customer and prospect data. You will be required to collate and analyse data generated from campaigns to help evaluate effectiveness and return on investment and manipulate external sources of data to help cleanse existing databases and also identify new target markets. The Marketing Coordinator will also be responsible for the company communication via Twitter, Instagram and Facebook. You must ensure that all relevant company news, PR articles and press releases are communicated and using software such as Radian**** follow trends and activity from their competitors, customers and suppliers. Creative and enthusiastic, the successful Marketing Coordinator will have a genuine desire to understand customer needs, listen to what they are saying and demonstrate awareness of their goals. Computer literate particularly in Microsoft Excel, Access and Word, you will have previous sales and customer service experience and have the ability to develop own ideas. This is a Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd vacancy who are operating as an employment agency. Once you have clicked to apply for this vacancy, we will then send you more information on the role including a copy of the application form via email. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingCoordinatorBLUM5922_job****