Title: Marketing Executive (Digital)
Webindex: 70767858
Company: Fox Recruitment Uk Limited
Description: This product is a marketleading online HR resource, providing a comprehensive and accurate source of employment law, good practice and benchmarking information to HR professionals. One of the biggest divisions of this FTSE 100 Media company, it is based is based in our head office in Surrey. We have a rare vacancy to fill in our marketing department, recruiting for a highly talented and competent marketer to join the marketing team. The role requires strong online marketing experience. REPORTING TO: Marketing Manager KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:  Executing the marketing strategy by implementing campaigns to drive new prospects into the automated lead nurturing programme.  Thorough understanding of the web and social media for marketing.  Producing rolling marketing plans for the assigned product portfolio.  Clear understanding of customer needs and the competitive environment when devising value propositions.  Proactively seeking new and improved ways of conducting highly effective and profitable marketing campaigns to achieve set marketing objectives, ensuring compliance with the overall marketing and business strategy.  Continually researching and testing new online marketing techniques.  Working closely with the Sales and Editorial teams in defining and communicating user propositions.  Project management and execution to strict deadlines and set budgets.  Tracking and reporting on allocated projects and campaigns.  Using analytics to evaluate success and using this insight to formulate plans. KEY SKILLS AND ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS:  University degree and/or marketing qualification  Practical knowledge of the full range of marketing tools and techniques with the focus on online marketing, lead generation and social technology.  Advanced HTML, database management  Project management skills  Excellent communication skills, at all levels  relationships builder  Results focused  Initiative, drive, creative flair and flexibility. EXPERIENCE: Online marketing experience essential Media experience preferable