Title: Books Marketing Manager
Webindex: 68714682
Company: Michael Page Marketing
Description:  Ensure that all our customers and agents are provided with relevant, accurate and impactful information about our range of books and ebooks  Create marketing plans for key books and ebooks, that identify potential customers, the appropriate marketing channels and the expected outcomes.  Write impactful copy for online and offline marketing resources and PR activities  Prioritise and execute books marketing campaigns to promote key titles and subject areas from the Books Programme  Develop and maintain product positioning across the organisation`s own offering,their partner offering and competitor offerings  Execute relevant aspects of promotional activity for Publishing (website, emarketing, social media, direct mail, advertising, conf  Marketing skills: Demonstrate a strong interest and expertise in books marketing.  Experience of comarketing with ebook channels (retailers and aggregators)  Knowledge of public relations and direct mail.  Understanding of books and eBooks publishing processes and channels, particularly retail, electronic retail (particularly Amazon) and institutional markets  Attention to detail; be very accurate, deadline driven, and able to multitask with solid organization and timemanagement skills.  Excellent communicator: articulate, persuasive and confident; provides clear, accurate, concise verbal and written communications. Openly communicates in an enthusiastic and motivated manner.  A Publishing organisation based in SouthOxfordshire Competitive Salary Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BooksMarketingManager_job****