Title: Regional Marketing Executive
Webindex: 70252580
Company: Response
Description: Regional Marketing Executive Based in Edinburgh Salary circa ****  Excellent Benefits The 7th largest accountancy firm in the UK is currently looking to recruit an intelligent and creative Regional Marketing Executive in Edinburgh. This is a fantastic opportunity to develop your marketing career within a market leading business. Reporting to the Regional Marketing Manager, you will provide marketing support to the Scottish region, helping to ensure the efficient implementation of marketing activity that serves to reinforce and strengthen the firm's national strategy. Typical activities will include assisting in the production and distribution of marketing material, PR, advertising, sponsorship, assisting with lead generation through direct mail and eshots, arranging events and database management, plus supporting the implementation of CRM strategies. You may also be required to assist with the implementation of national marketing initiatives on occasion. The role can be based at the company's Edinburgh with regular travel to their Glasgow office required. The ideal candidate for the role will be an intelligent marketing professional looking for an opportunity to further their career within a market leading business. Experience within professional services would be an advantage, however not essential. You must be able to demonstrate a good understanding of the full marketing mix, including planning and implementing campaigns, direct mail, exhibitions, advertising, seminars, literature production, and networking. You will have excellent organisational skills as well as the ability to use your initiative, plus exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal. You will need strong project management skills, attention to detail, and the ability to work equally effectively alone and as part of a team. You will be committed to delivering firstrate levels of service at all times, and have the desire to forge a successful career in marketing. A full driving licence will therefore be necessary. This is a great chance to develop your marketing career within one of the UK's most dynamic and ambitious companies. To apply for the Regional Marketing Executive role please submit your CV quoting reference RSM280  EE. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegionalMarketingExecutive_job****