Title: Marketing Executive  Industrial Products
Webindex: 69023086
Company: ManagementBank
Description: Fantastic opportunity for an ambitious international marketing executive. Would you like to develop your marketing career with a forward thinking manufacturing group that has set it sights on significant international sales growth over the next few years? Our client company is developing their global sales and looking to launch new products and move into new regions by bringing on board an experienced Marketing Executive  Industrial Products Chesterfield This is an opportunity to work for a company that not only sells globally but where you will not be just another number. Working with and supported by the Directors, the Marketing Executive will be very hands on, and to succeed you will need to be very driven and resourceful. With the support of an external marketing consultant, the tasks for the Marketing Executive will include: Researching and evaluating new, worldwide sales opportunities, demand for potential products, and customer needs and insights. Working with technical and sales teams, agents and distributors to coordinate inmarket activities Plan and organize training seminars Agree a programme of press communications, enewsletters and/or technical papers with relevant business unit managers; coordinate and participate in the writing of such material. Coordinate the design, content and production of all printed and electronic marketing material. Coordinate and standardize business presentations Maintenance and development of website content, including assisting in the writing of content; coordinating external providers of search engine optimization monitor relevant web analytics; manage Google adwords campaigns. Manage any social media activities considered appropriate for the group. We are looking for a unique person with the following attributes and experience: Strong, effective written and oral communicator. Handson can do attitude. High level of IT literacy and awareness. Well organised; able to manage multiple tasks at the same time; Able to work independently, under own initiative and without close daytoday supervision; (the right candidate may well be trusted to work from home some of the time if this suits). Confidence to liaise with a wide variety of third parties on behalf of the group, including customers, distributors, media representatives and professional advisers; At least two years experience in a busy marketing department is essential, ideally carried out in an engineering/manufacturing environment. As the company sells internationally then any language ability would be valued but is not as important as a high work rate and a driven team oriented approach. The company is keen to appoint the right person for this demanding key role and will consider someone who prefers flexible working hours to attract the right candidate. Salary package with a basic **** to **** will be negotiable depending on level of relevant marketing / manufacturing experience and any language ability. Ref: **** revised