Title: Digital Communications Specialist
Webindex: 72245388
Company: Michael Page Marketing
Description: The Digital Communications Specialist will be tasked with thestrategic development of UK website working collaboratively with HQ. You will define the digital platform strategy and design the digital customer experience. Create brand immersion and the optimum customer journey for new car buyers and existing customers. You will lead various projects such asthe development of interactive video channel and creation of bespoke content, website tools, configuration models for consumer use, improved user journey, engagement, navigation and product info. You will manage all website developments to optimise conversion metrics (ebrochure download and test drive requests) to meet annual targets.Development and coordination of Retailer web strategy and content.Manage the nationalretailer website chann To be considered for this role you must be be degree educated with a strong proven online marketing skillset gained in a consumer sector for a premium brand. You will be commercially minded and able to demonstrate ROI on website and online marketing communications activity. Strong agency management experience is a must to ensure brand messaging and projects are delivered effectively. You will have strong stakeholder management and communications skills to ensure communications are fully integrated and communicated consistently. Aleading premium automotive manufacturer in Buckinghamshire ****  ****  excellent benefits. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DigitalCommunicationsSpecialist_job****