Title: Marketing Executive  Recruitment Division
Webindex: 69170367
Company: Connect2Staff
Description: Working for a large recruitment agency and business you will be responsible for delivering strategic and tactical marketing activities in line with marketing plans and budgets to meet agreed objectives and revenues. You will evaluate customer research, market conditions, competitor data and recommend action plans accordingly. Through effective deployment across the full marketing mix you will support viable, sustainable and profitable growth in the Recruitment Division. Main duties and responsibilities:  Liaising and networking with a range of stakeholders, e.g. customers, colleagues, suppliers and partner organisations.  Communicating with target audiences.  Evaluating marketing campaigns for ROI.  Managing the production of marketing materials, including catalogues, directories, leaflets, posters, flyers, newsletters and enewsletters.  Championing our social media approach.  Writing and proofreading copy.  Briefing and managing output from the inhouse designers and printer as well as outside marketing agencies.  Organising photo shoots.  Arranging for the effective distribution of marketing materials.  Maintaining and updating customer databases CRM systems.  Organising and attending events such as conferences, seminars, receptions and exhibitions.  Conducting market research and insight to inform and orientate our proposition.  Identify PR opportunities (local, regional, national and specialist publications) and putting into place all measures to maximise effectiveness of this.  Monitoring competitor activity and producing tactical response to maintain competitive advantage.  Supporting the Marketing Communications Director and other marketing colleagues. You will have a marketing qualification or experience with a solid track record of achievement in the recruitment market. Experience in the recruitment industry is essential. You will have expertise across the full Marketing mix including social media strategies, web/new media, content copywriting, ROI/effectiveness monitoring of campaigns, exhibition and conference management. You will also have experience of budgetary control, ROI control and reporting, data list management, DPA legislation and conformance. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingExecutiveRecruitmentDivision_job****