Title: Head of Digital/Social Media  Leading PR Agency
Webindex: 68183350
Company: Reuben Sinclair
Description: The Opportunity This is an unrivalled opportunity to take on an exciting new digital challenge and set up and expand the digital core offering for this multiaward winning public relations agency. This is an entirely digital based role and excitingly it is what you make of it. With an entrepreneurial and open environment this talented and creative agency are looking to take on someone who wants to make this team and this branch of the business their own. You will push boundaries, be constantly on top of new innovation and drive this fantastic team to become market leaders in digital communications. While this is a digital role within a public relations agency the role centres around integrating digital and social media into a PR campaign rather than doing the PR itself. However, it would be a significant advantage if you had understanding of how a PR campaign works and the role digital/social media plays in this. This is pivotal hire in the company s history you will be responsible for building up the digital team, training the PR teams in digital, developing new business (from existing and new clients), designing the strategy, developing new marketing/digital services and contributing to overall business strategy. The ideal candidate will have; A strong background in digital marketingparticularly in social media strategy, PPC, SEO, web builds etc Strong business acumen desire to grow a business Previous management experience Proven ability to win new business If this role interests you please do not hesitate to apply I f you would like to discuss the role further or put yourself forward please contact me at emilynreubensinclair.com or on **** **** **** . If you are interested in similar roles but you do not exactly fit this specification I have several similar roles I am actively recruiting for so please do not hesitate to contact me if this appeals to you. Alternatively if you know someone who might be well suited to this role and is interested in exploring new opportunities I am also keen to hear from them.