Title: Customer Proposition Consultant
Webindex: 69685695
Company: Badenoch Clark
Description: This exciting global organisation requires a Customer Proposition Consultant (on a contract basis) to help identify, develop, deliver and launch into market, innovative customer propositions and enhance existing propositions, to drive customer volume and profitable growth. Accountabilities  Responsible for the development of propositions from concept to delivery in the market and operation.  Generate consumer, market and business insights relevant to the change agenda to trigger proposition changes.  Analyse various sources of data, market and competitor information, and simplify it to enable action/change to happen to ensure net growth and profit targets are not at threat in the region.  Drive concept creation and iteration, based on an understanding of consumer and business needs.  Develop the business case for new propositions to demonstrate the financial and commercial impact of any propositions.  Coordinate the delivery of new propositions and pilots, working with stakeholders internally and externally.  Where relevant work with thirdparty or sister organisations to develop and deliver relevant regional propositions.  Monitor the commercial performance of propositions in market and developing improvement plans as necessary during commissioning phasing. Skills/Experience  Significant marketing experience across a range of marketing functions i.e. full mix marketing experience.  Previous experience of proposition development and or management of the customer experience (desirable). Preferably in financial services or a service organisation.  Experience working in an international environment (desirable)  Evidence of ability to interpret consumer needs and design responses to meet these needs.  Strong presentation skills. Confidence using MS PowerPoint and delivering presentations to management. This is a great opportunity to join a high profile, well respected global brand. For immediate consideration, please apply online now. Badenoch & Clark is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch & Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User.