Title: Marketing / Digital Marketing / Brand Development / Belfast / ****k / Equity Stake
Webindex: 67385017
Company: Independent Search Solutions
Description: Description Role: Head Of Marketing Location : Belfast City Centre Package: ****k  ****k (Basic Salary / Bonus Related to Revenue / Profit / Equity), 20 Days Annual Leave, Gym Membership Role: Define, develop and implement marketing programmes and propositions to drive consumer revenue and business growth. Take ownership and full responsibility for the Overall Marketing Strategy for the company. Reporting to: CEO Key Objectives –  Head Up B2C Marketing Strategy with particular focus on Digital Media / Brand Management for a start up Online based organisation  Agree key milestones and specific programme targets in conjunction with the CEO and the rest of the team (**** Employees)  Communicate detail of programmes and translate plans/programmes into detailed objectives.  Reporting and analysis of website performance  Interrogate analytics data and use to generate detailed reporting and recommendations to enhance online presence and improve sales  Manage relationships with key stakeholders, partners and suppliers, both internal and external.  Key targets in relationship to achieving TV, Radio, Online, PR Exposure for Online Platform  Manage PR, Press and Media Relationships  Manage Initially one other team member in the Marketing Department Experience Required:  Qualification in Business and/or Marketing  Minimum 3 years experience in online and digital marketing management  Experience using Content Management Systems  Strong understanding of email marketing  Very good understanding of SEO and SEM implementation  Social media savvy proven experience  Good interpersonal skills  Positive attitude  Strong attention to detail  Good verbal and written communication skills  Strong organisational skills and ability to multitask Client: Start Up Business that has been trading for 12 months, has just secured VC Funds for Initial Growth stage. Looking for future employees to come in a join a hard working team that will go on to be future corporate directors of the business. This company offers an innovative platform that takes into account all the worries facing families today; they are taking advantage of modern technology to make it easier for you to keep your family healthy. Already recognised internationally as the ‘Most innovative digital solution for home cooks’ the firm plans to develop the product further and secure further funding and grow revenue streams. With a clear strategy to become the global player in eHealth FoodTech markets. You have the opportunity to join this company at a very exciting time. With the development of the companies Online Platform key to the success of the business an Equity stake is set aside for Key Employees such as yourself in the IT Development Team. Be part of a IT Company that rewards its employees by making themselves their own boss in the future. As a very flat organisation, everyone has an input and everyone’s voice is heard. We are looking for people who can set their own direction take pride in what they create. You will be an integral part of the team will see your ideas eventually influencing millions of people worldwide. If this sounds like a great opportunity that you don’t want to miss out on APPLY TODAY by following the links below and send me through your CV Key Words: Head of Marketing / Marketing Manager / Marketing / Digital Marketing / Belfast Independent Search Solutions (ISS Ltd) is as the name suggests an Independent Employment Agency that aims to treat all its applicants with the upmost respect and in a professional manner. With a Company code of practice in place you can be assured that your details will not be shown to any of ISS Ltd’s clients without your total consent.