Title: Exciting Recruitment role in Market Research & Insight
Webindex: 68694803
Company: Boyce Recruitment
Description: Exciting Recruitment role in Market Research Insight : This is a fantastic opportunity to join our market research division and work with some of the leading names in the market research industry as well as with some fantastic media brands. We have a great working environment with a supportive management structure, collaborative teams and a culture which wholeheartedly supports creativity, individuality and entrepreneurial spirit. 2012 has been a very good year for the team, and we believe this is because of our commitment to quality and hard work to ensure that we go beyond the extra mile when working with clients and candidates. In addition we are really proud to boast that one of our team was shortlisted for the IRP best Candidate Client experience award in 2012 and next year we look forward to further recognition of the efforts of our consultants. You will be highly motivated, a selfstarter, comfortable working both autonomously and within a team, with a successful track record of developing business relationships. Key responsibilities include (but not limited to): This role primarily involves building key relationships with clients  companies and job seekers. Getting to know companies, you will understand how they work, understand their business culture, people and teams. You will manage existing relationships taking briefs and delivering exceptional service to them in all aspects of recruitment. In addition you will develop your candidate management skills. You will source candidates from a wide range of search techniques, and offer exceptional candidate service. Over 30% of our placements this year within the market research side came from recommendation, and we expect that this number will increase in 2013. This really is an exciting and high profile role and will suit an extremely dynamic and energetic individual who has ambitious plans for their own development. A team player who wants to join a very progressive team that places huge emphasis on developing the individuals within it . Solid UK work experience ie essential for this role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ExcitingRecruitmentroleinMarketResearchInsight_job****