Title: Senior Account Director, Healthcare, PR, ATL, Digital, London, ****k
Webindex: 69856733
Company: Dynamic New Alliances
Description: The Agency: A fantastic opportunity has arisen in a leading global agency to work within their Healthcare division, which offer up a fully integrated approach covering Digital, PR and ATL activation for Pharmaceutical clients. The agency is part of a large global network of agencies and have a reputation as one of the best integrated agencies in the UK. The UK office is based in the heart of London, in a fantastic location, with plenty of amenities on the door step. The Role: This is a fantastic opportunity for a Senior Account Director with a solid understanding of PR, Digital and ATL marketing/advertising. This role will be to work on a number of leading pharma clients and leading a strong team that includes Account Executives up to Senior Account Managers. What is most important for this role is a real passion for healthcare marketing and an understanding of the legalities involved. The Senior Account Director will be managing and building strong client relationships at a senior level and ensuring a world class service, which this top 10 global agency already offers. You will be charged with ensuring the growth of your team in terms of personal development, ensuring they are maintaining a high standard of work and ability. You will also be in charge of campaign budgets and contributing to the strategic development of campaigns. This opportunity comes with fantastic scope to progress within this world class agency. The Ideal Senior Account Director: The ideal Senior Account Director will be highly skilled in delivering small and large scale integrated campaigns. Experience working with FMCG and Pharma clients is essential. It is also important to possess the ability to think strategically and really understand the brand and the aim of the client. In terms of personality, this is a lively agency with a great social element to work life. They are looking for someone who can really fit in and add to the atmosphere in the office, in a really positive way. Also, someone with management experience would be ideal as this opportunity comes with people to manage. This is a fantastic role, with plenty of scope to progress and grow in a top global agency. Senior Account Director, Healthcare, PR, ATL, Digital, London, ****k We expect a high number of applications so please don t hesitate to apply but understand that we cannot get back to everyone if your application is unsuccessful.