Title: Exhibition/Event Marketing Manager
Webindex: 69247941
Company: FORMULA WON
Description: A wonderful chance for an exceptional Exhibition/Event Marketing Manager to work with a majorleague and globally recognised brand leader in events in Dubai and also benefit from a tax free income. The company Our client is one of a few premier world wide companies that supply face to face business information, through their customercentric localised operations and relationships creating vibrant marketplaces with events, multiple conferences, exhibitions and trade shows. You will be based in their offices in Dubai or and the salary package is paid tax free. The role The Marketing Manager role will be responsible for marketing a series of unique events in the Lifestyle sector . You will develop propositions and creative briefs and will deliver strategic marketing plans arrived at through your market analysis including internal and external research, target market segmentation, industry trends etc, coordinating marketing initiatives across a full marketing mix including mailing, email, websites, media and so forth. You will work closely with external stakeholders and suppliers to deliver a marketing programme to fulfil all party s objectives, such as lower costs for the event budgets, including media buy (print, online, radio TV etc). The role is based in Dubai and attracts a tax free salary and you do not need to be resident in Dubai to apply. Your profile You will have ****3 years experience in direct marketing /B2C marketing across exhibition/events, ideally in the lifestyle sector. Educated to a degree level or with a relevant marketing degree, you should have strong prior knowledge of innovative marketing strategies such as Sponsorship/Partnership marketing, addedvalue service brand/relationship building/account management, as well as Search Engine Optimisation, Google Analytics, Viral Marketing and other online marketing techniques. You will be experienced in the use of databases in both mass and targeted direct marketing campaigns and be able to take ownership for decision making relating to a wide variety of potential marketing channels. Please do not apply unless you have the relevant experience. Due to the high volume of applications only successful applicants will be contacted and if you have not heard from us in two weeks of your application please assume that on this occasion your application has been unsuccessful. Formula Won is a progressive, proactive and dynamic media recruitment consultancy dedicated to the media industry. We lead the market for the best permanent media jobs within: media sales, new media sales, outdoor sales, exhibition sales, event sales, conference sales, broadcast sales, ambient sales, marketing, media agency and editorial jobs . We also have specialist divisions that cover International jobs and Search Selection. All of our consultants have considerable experience in media so you can be confident that they will have your best interests at heart.