Title: Graduate Marketing / PR Executives x ****
Webindex: 69936272
Company: Jam IT Consultancy LTD
Description: Strong educational background with a **** or above, from a LEADING University and AB or better at Alevels. Our Clients provides cloudbased communications integration services to large enterprise and public sector organisations, including wellknown brands such as Rightmove, Auto Trader, National Rail Enquiries and UK Power Networks. Their primary delivery platform is storm, which we own and operate in conjunction with incountry network partners, currently Cable s SME / midcap business market. Through storm, they offer a range of missioncritical corporate communications services offtheshelf , including cloud PBX, multichannel contact centre and secure payments infrastructure. You will be required to: Research, write and distribute press releases to targeted media. Identify opportunities to generate news coverage, including producing research papers. Liaise with media outlets, pitch them stories and offer opportunities to interview key spokespeople. Liaise with and accurately brief third party PR agencies to pitch to media outlets on behalf of our clients Manage PR campaigns using Salesforce CRM (training will be provided if needed). Secure press coverage for our clients and its key personnel, and maintain a record of all published articles. Understand and articulate our clients business and support its brand. Write copy in a clear and concise method, with creativity and flair. Follow a brief accurately, ensuring that content is on message. Develop PR strategies, and contribute to strategic marketing discussions where appropriate. Deliver copy in an efficient and timely fashion. Present documentation well, for easy reading and with clarity. Produce website content and additional marketing materials (e.g. emailers, brochures, videos). Organise events, for both promotional purposes and community activities. Work closely with project management teams and technical writers as required. Adhere to the company s quality management and security policies. Skills / Attributes: Strong educational background with a **** or above, from a LEADING University and BBB or better at Alevels. Creative thinking, to develop and present ideas/copy. Friendly, trustworthy and engaging phone manner. Confidence, perseverance and capacity to handle rejection positively. Strong organisational skills, able to manage a large pipeline of concurrent activities. Can work well as part of a team. Hard working and ambitious attitude. Can pick up new concepts and skills rapidly. Can proactively research and find out information. Excellent attention to detail. Can spell and proofread to a very high standard. Understanding of brand and ability to write in correct tone of voice. Understanding of how to tailor messaging to different audiences. Ability to work to tight deadlines Good communication skills. Integrity and strong sense of ownership and responsibility for work. Excellent word processing and computer literacy skills. Desirable: Proven industry experience in PR or marketing. Proven industry experience in technology or telecoms. Knowledge Able to show direct copy writing and PR skills. Able to work individually Write creatively without losing sight of the brief. Willing to relocate to a reasonable distance from the office