Title: Category Planning Executive / Manager
Webindex: 71900382
Company: Blue Pelican
Description: Category Planning Executive/Manager  FMCG  **** This well established and growing company has a lovely portfolio of food brands. They are passionate about what they do and looking for a likeminded person to join their category development team. Working with a senior manager you will help to promote category growth through an amalgamation of mechanising, research and planning and working effectively with various marketing, category and buying stakeholders. The ideal person for this role will already have had some experience of contributing towards range reviews, space planning, merchandising and promotion strategy. With this activity you will also support your function in working toward delivering top rate category reviews for the retailer. You will should feel confident to be the retailers’ day to day point of contact complimenting the team by demonstrating a strong category understanding and ability to spot market opportunities. This company offers great benefits, as competitive bonus and a structured career development plan. – A genuinely fantastic opportunity for someone looking to make a tactical “next step” and advancement in their career. EXPERIENCE REQUIRED •Highly numerical and able to manage Dunnhumby and Nectar data becoming a team expert in this area. •Strong communication and Presentation skills are essential and evidence to influencing stakeholders will be needed. •Track record of supporting or managing category development activity. •FMCG or Retail sector experience. •Able to utilize various sources of data to provide a view on shopper insight. POSITION – Category Planning Manager LOCATION – Home counties SALARY – Up to ****k plus excellent benefits & bonus TO APPLY For further information or to apply please contact: Ginny Legg Senior Consultant – Blue Pelican Marketing [blocked] Ginnybluepelican.com For more vacancies which may suit your needs, please visit us at www.bluepelican.com Honest, ethical, professional, knowledgeable, Recruitment Experts. Blue Pelican Marketing is one of the UK's leading marketing recruitment agencies, proud to provide a truly consultative recruitment service. We adhere to the Blue Pelican Standards (www.bluepelican.com/aboutus/bluepelicanstandards), assuring you of an enhanced level of service whether you deal with us as a candidate or a client. You can view all our vacancies on our web site www.bluepelican.com/marketing or call [blocked] and ask for the Marketing Division.