Title: Search Engine Optimisation (SEO) Analyst
Webindex: 71408480
Company: AQUENT
Description: We are urgently recruiting for an SEO Analyst role at MSN, to provide analytics data for the daily morning meeting, in order to ensure MSN s content is the most relevant on the web. You will be driving the SEO strategy for MSN, and be able to think on your feet and respond to the latest developments in search. This is a fastpaced role, where you will start at ****:30 AM ready to deliver the latest search trends at the morning meeting at ****:30 AM. You will be using Google Trends, Google Analytics, Hitwise, and Omniture tools to generate this data, and it is expected that you have a deep understanding of how to use these tools. They are looking for someone who has previous experience of working for a content publishing website and possesses excellent written English skills. Candidates must possess advanced Excel and Powerpoint skills, knowledge of Omniture a plus. You must be confident presenting your findings in front of managers on a daily basis. The contract runs until the end of June ****0****3, with an option to extend based on performance. The salary for this position is 30k****k prorata. More information: The four key skills the manager requires are:  SEO expertise  Communication to teams on all levels effectively  Strong influence and impact  Numeracy literate They will be a strong relationship builder with excellent influencing skills and intelligent relationship building strategies, they will be able to communicate clearly and effectively. Team/Department Mission MSN UK is part of MSN. This multibilliondollarayear website network has 24.7 million unique users a month in the UK, more than bbc.co.uk, Sky Online or Yahoo, and **** per cent reach across the UK s internet audience, MSN UK utilises the power of Microsoft s technology expertise and offers unrivalled breadth of opportunity for editorial and advertising innovation. (data from Comscore, Aug 2012) Historically MSN UK has benefited from a large amount of network traffic from sources such as Internet Explorer and OEM PCderived default homepages, and logouts from Hotmail, etc. MSN UK has a new policy of expanding its traffic sources significantly and a central focus is Search Engine Optimisation (SEO). MSN UK wishes to launch a new programme to enable all of our key channels to receive at least 20% of monthly visits from search engines. Some channels like MSN Cars already achieve this and it is now the intention to move all our channels to that position. Role Purpose The candidate needs to become the driving force of SEO in MSN UK. Given a wide remit to drive performance in this area, the role of the SEO Analyst is to work closely with the homepage and channels teams to boost visibility of all our stories and sites on all major searchengines. Key Accountabilities The candidate needs to be the pointperson for all matters SEO for MSN UK. Starting at **** every morning, they need to be analyzing Hitwise, Google Analytics and Omniture to identify the search terms which account for the main search topics that day. They need to articulate this data in an easytounderstand way to the MSN UK content meeting that occurs at **** every morning:  Communicate instructions for Headline optimisation  Create a keyword ecology on editorial pages  Create a link ecology on editorial pages  H1/H2 tag optimization  Aggressive targeting of new search terms as new products are released  Aggressive defending of existing search term positions on major search engines e.g. by updating on same URL  Work with the editorial teams to create excellent headlines and keyword ecology on their stories  Integrate their recommendations into the editorial workflow  Create ways to reflect social media output in SEO  Be able to hold SEO training workshops with editorial staff  Have strong communication skills. The candidate must be able to bring the team with them and actually implement all their recommendations  Be able to present to senior management, and translate complex SEO terminology into nonexpert language Key Success Criteria  Leading and inspiring the team to excellence and coming up with new and fresh approaches in SEO  Move all MSN UK to a position whereby all of its key channels to receive at least 20% of monthly visits from search engines.  Create highranking, defendable positions for highcompetition search terms such as Eastenders, X Factor, economical cars, mortgages, credit cards, etc.  Have all the editorial team live and breathe SEO values Knowledge, Skills and Experience Essential Experience  Solid experience in SEO in an online media organisation  Sound knowledge of SEO theory including strategy and tactics  Proven track record in boosting SEO performance  High degree of data literacy  High degree of computer literacy, especially in Excel and Powerpoint  Deep experience of some of Google Trends, Google Analytics, Hitwise, and Omniture tools  Experience of presenting tactics and strategy to junior, medium and senior staff  Strong mathematical, analytical and writing skills  Experience of communicating usable knowledge to engineering teams  Production of regular management reports  Strong crossgroup collaboration experience  Deep understanding of internal and external link equity and optimisation  Experience measuring SEO/SEM performance on large scale websites.  Experience working in a fastpaced environment (startup experience a plus)  Be able to demonstrate an ability to operate under pressure. Technical / Functional Skills  MS Office intermediate level or above  Expert knowledge of SEO  Good knowledge of social media.  Good interpersonal and communication skills.  Experience using CMSs  Experience using Omniture (desirable)  Numeracy and comfort with performance metrics and delivering on them Qualifications  Should be educated to degree level or equivalent Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity.