Title: Account Manager: Events and Marketing (corporate) Top global agency
Webindex: 68980843
Company: Hanson Search
Description: My client is proud of their commitment to bringing a superior service to its clients and remaining at the very top of the communications game. As leaders in the industry they have been recognised time and again for their outstanding achievements, innovative ideas and dedication to their work. As an established key player they consistently reevaluate strategy and tactics to ensure they deliver the most relevant and effective results. With longstanding relationships with so many bluechip brands their portfolio of clients is never far from outstanding. As part of the exciting and fastpaced events team you will be working closely with the corporate practice to create clever and strategic events that will impress from every angle. With your main focus on one of the agency s top technology brands you will be working closely with the client to deliver creative solutions. In your role you will take a proactive approach to the project and will be responsible for client liaison as well as supplier sourcing and negotiation. More over you will work closely with the team to develop strategy and execute carefully drafted campaigns. To be successful in this role you must have: Excellent client service skills Proven B2B marketing and events experience experience/interest in digital marketing Demonstrate a determined work ethic Have excellent project team management skills To find out more about this role please call Daisy Smith at Hanson Search on **** **** **** or email daisyhansonsearch.com . Not for you? Recommend a friend and you could be eligible for our referral reward scheme. We can only respond to those people who are successful at application stage, but all details will be held on file and Hanson Search will contact you in the future if we have a suitable position. Hanson Search encourages applicants from all ages backgrounds. Selection is based on merit alone, but candidate must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the advertised country. Hanson Search specialists in PR and strategic communications recruitment. With specialists in Consumer, Corporate, Financial, Healthcare and Pharmaceutical, Public Sector, Technology, Digital and Public Affairs. Serving the UK, European and International markets, for agency and inhouse; freelance and permanent work. REC accredited.