Title: Communications Coordinator
Webindex: 68699844
Company: Alexander Mae Recruitment
Description: Communications Coordinator Bristol ****  Excellent Benefits My client is a small innovative awarding organisation with a collaborative approach to doing business. They work with employers, training providers and FE colleges of all shapes and sizes to develop off the shelf, customised and bespoke qualifications. They also work with a number of organisations, including Sector Skills Councils, to develop, deliver and accredit qualifications that are relevant to the workplace, and currently offer qualifications in the following sectors: Administration, Management, Childcare development, Hospitality Catering, Customer Service, Sales, Health Social Care, Active Leisure….with more to come soon Reporting to the Quality and Operations Manager, you will take responsibility for the daytoday coordination of internal and external communications. Your primary focus will be on coordinating the development of marketing and qualification materials and ensuring that the website is kept up to date and refreshed on regular basis. Joining a small but ever growing team, this is a busy and varied role with lots of opportunities to get stuck in across many aspects of the business. Key responsibilities include ensuring that our Centres and internal members of the team are kept abreast of any changes in the materials and qualifications. As part of this you will be responsible for the development and distribution of newsletters to the Centres. Likewise you will liaise with the Qualifications Manager on the development of support materials to ensure that the branding is sustained. This role will also involve supporting the business development activities and you will be responsible for the development of a contact database for email and promotional campaigns as well as liaising with third parties on joint marketing and promotional activities. As a small team, your contribution will make an impact on business performance from day one. They will encourage you to challenge current thinking as well as put forward ideas that will help improve what is currently done. The organisation is very entrepreneurial in it’s thinking. At times it will be quite pressurised, but we promise it will be rewarding and exciting. Successful candidates will have relevant occupational qualification at NVQ Level or equivalent and proficient working knowledge of MS Office. You will have recent experience within a marketing or communications role ideally gained within a vocational educational environment. Excellent written and verbal communication is a must have in this role. Above all, we are looking for a great team player with a ‘can do’ attitude and bags of enthusiasm. You will excel in customer service, take initiative and have a positive outlook and clear focus on achievement of objectives. BENEFITS 25 days paid holiday plus bank holidays, company pension scheme, life assurance, staff incentives. Naturally, as a top training provider they are also keen to develop you in your career This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommunicationsCoordinator_job****