Title: Brand Communications Officer
Webindex: 71747905
Company: Jaguar Land Rover
Description: Brand Communications Officer Midlands Circa **** Jaguar and Land Rover are two of the world's most iconic luxury brands. Every day we're reaching more customers, and our network of well over **** dealerships continues to expand around the world. As our global marketplace extends further, we need to provide more customers than ever before with an unrivalled experience. You'll see that we do. Our fast paced environment is one where you can hit the ground running. You'll be instrumental in protecting our heritage and unique brand values, but also making sure that our brands continue to grow, develop and grab attention worldwide. So, from global marketing and supply planning to brand guardianship and development, you'll never be far from a stimulating challenge. Join our team and claim your moment in the spotlight. With new models and technologies in the pipeline, the scale of the Jaguar brand will grow significantly in coming years. And, at the heart of the Global Public Relations team, you ll play a major role in the development and implementation of our brand and product communications strategy. Liaising with senior executives across the business you ll research and write strategy proposals for vehicle and technology promotions, and oversee their global implementation. You ll also be involved in developing a digital PR strategy, brand awareness activities, product launch events and coordinating PR evaluation tools. It s a broad and challenging remit and one that will see you raising your profile too, as you grow your expertise across a range of specialist media and international markets. With a relevant degree, you should have a press office, PR agency or journalistic background  during which time you developed excellent writing, presentation and digital media skills. Ideally you ll also have an interest in automotive, motorsport or luxury goods and, with international PR and foreign media experience, be able to speak a foreign language. It s essential, however, that you can travel internationally, occasionally out of hours. Our employees have access to a privilege car purchase scheme, membership of a competitive pension plan, performance related bonus scheme and 26 days holiday entitlement. Please note, we reserve the right to close or extend this position depending on application numbers. Therefore we would urge candidates to submit an application as early as possible. Please read the information on our vacancies carefully as you are required to make one application only (multiple applications will be withdrawn). Jaguar Land Rover will review your application throughout the recruitment process and you will be considered for alternative roles at every stage of the process. To apply, please click the Apply now button.