Title: Direct Marketing Manager (912 Month Maternity Cover)
Webindex: 68687754
Company: Brand Recruitment
Description: Of graduate calibre and ideally possessing a marketing qualification you have marketing experience in a Charity/Not for profit organisation. This role is a 912 month contract and the ideal candidate will have previous team management experience (two years or more), alongside this you will need strong budget management and communication skills. All applicants must have outstanding skills and experience of working with excel. As Marketing Manager you will plan and deliver direct marketing campaigns. Similarly you will develop, recommend and when agreed, effectively implement the annual and long term trading marketing plan to build longterm sustainable income. Developing appropriate products and promotional materials suitable for both brand and target customers will form an important aspect of your role. In addition you will gain insight into customers, be responsible for the advertising strategy and get heavily involved in new product development. The ability to analyse data and report results will be a key part of this role and therefore a good level of numeracy and excellent excel skills are required. This role is working for a well known and very successful charity with a strong presence across the UK. Due to the location of the offices this role is commutable from Biggleswade, Bedford, Letchworth, Cambridge, Milton Keynes and Luton. Brand Recruitment offers the services of an employment agency for permanent work. Visit Brand Recruitment at www.brandrecruitment.co.uk to apply for other key marketing opportunities in the East of England. Follow BrandJobs on Twitter to hear about all of our latest jobs. Brand Recruitment offers the services of an employment agency for permanent work. Visit Brand Recruitment online to apply for other key marketing opportunities in the East of England. If you have not heard back from us within seven days please assume that your application has not been successful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DirectMarketingManager912MonthMaternityCover_job****