Title: Senior Account Executive  Hugely Successful Technology Agency
Webindex: 72423805
Company: Hanson Search Ltd
Description: As Senior Account Executive you will be given the opportunity to progress and develop your skills in an internationally recognised and acclaimed firm, allowing you the chance to work on their biggest telecoms client. You will be involved in assisting senior team members in creatively, preparing and delivering communications strategies. You will be very client facing and be heavily involved in developing action plans and contributing to vital strategic decisions. My client has the advantage of being part of one of the world s largest communication networks whilst at the same time having a degree of autonomy that enables them to maintain an independent feel. They pride themselves on having created a fantastic downtoearth work culture and like to see individual s progress through the company with as much encouragement and support as is needed. The successful candidate will need to have; A strong interest in PR and technology Strong written and verbal skills are a must Innovative and creative when delivering client work If this sounds like the career move you are looking for then please contact Amy at Hanson Search on **** **** **** or email amy.stewarthansonsearch.com Not for you? Recommend a friend and you could be eligible for our referral reward scheme. We can only respond to those people who are successful at application stage, but all details we be held on file and Hanson Search will contact you in the future if we have a suitable position. Hanson Search encourages applicants from all ages backgrounds. Selection is based on merit alone, but candidate must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the advertised country. Hanson Search specialists in PR and strategic communications recruitment. With specialists in Consumer, Corporate, Financial, Healthcare and Pharmaceutical, Public Sector, Technology, Digital and Public Affairs. Serving the UK, European and International markets, for agency and inhouse; freelance and permanent work. REC accredited.