Title: Italian CRM Manager
Webindex: 69170769
Company: Advanced Resource Managers Ltd 
Description: CRM Manager for Italian Markets, Online Gaming, Malta based **** Euros CRM Manager My client is a superbrand known for being on of the largest Online sites in the world today, highly famous and very successful, this is an opportunity to join the premiership of Online Gaming. Due to continued expansion they require a CRM Manager to take ownership over CRM activity, budget, and results for marketing activity within the Italian market. Key Responsibilities To be successful in this role you will be responsible for all CRM activities in your region, both operationally and accountability. You will plan, design, execute and analyse pro actively all conversion, retention and VIP operations in your region and work closely with the country manager, Proactively creating innovating existing and implement ongoing and ad hoc promotions. You will ensure acquisition campaigns are followed by CRM activities to maximize potential of acquired players and ensure consistency within player communication. In this role you will provide ongoing analysis of region's player base; report and act according to findings, Share metrical responsibility of CRM costs in regions and ensure constant reporting on ROIs. Essential Skills Fluent in both English and Italian. Proven ability within a similar role. People manager. Highly analytical / quantitative, data based problem solving and optimization, especially segmentation. Proven ability to take ownership of all aspects of a project from conception to completion. Collaborative team player, can work crossfunctionally to bring teams along. Familiarity with MS Office products with at least intermediate Excel skills. An excellent understanding of CRM. This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. We will never send your CV without your permission. This is a golden opportunity to join a hugely successful company, offering exceptional long term career opportunities. For the best selection of CRM positions please do not hesitate to contact Remi Damiani at Advanced Resource Managers iGaming on **** **** **** or email remi.damianiarm.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ItalianCRMManager_job****