Title: Loyalty Programs  Marketing Manager  Project Manager
Webindex: 72447089
Company: Language Recruitment Services.
Description: Loyalty Programs Marketing Manager  Project Manager THE COMPANY: (LRS) is currently recruiting for an International Marketing Manager  Project Manager, ideally French speaking, however, this is not essential for the right candidate. Our client is a successful betting and entertainment operator, managing divisions across Africa. The company is fast growing and has plans for further expansion. The company is globally recognized as a specialist for gaming operations in emerging markets. THE ROLE: We need someone that would be able to manage the conceptual, analytical and operational loyalty marketing programmes in Africa. You will work from the office HQ in London, expanding their management support centre  analysing planning and organizing various international Loyalty Marketing Programmes They require a talented Loyalty Programme Marketer, who possesses suitable / transferable experience from either agency or client side (such as Marketing Executive, or as Agency Account Manager). Loyalty Programs Marketing Manager  Project Manager, ideally French speaking Duties: Translate and localizing Program / Project briefings within the strategic marketing plan, Loyalty Programme / Project Management  Briefing / Coaching of various teams, Consumer / Product Marketing as well as implementing Trade Marketing Tools Responsible for Budget definition as well as Quality and Quantity impact forecast Reevaluating and improving  Loyalty programmes / projects results against company objectives Loyalty programs Marketing Manager  Project Manager, ideally French speaking  In order to apply for this role you must have: Strong Experience of Project Management in Loyalty Programs Marketing Strong knowledge of Marketing Concepts, Communication Tools and Technologies. Excellent Communication and Presentation Skills Prepared to travel across Africa and often 25% of the assignment will be internationally Ideally Fluent in French, however this is not essential Key words: Loyalty Programs Marketing Manager  Project Manager, ideally French speaking Loyalty Programs Marketing Manager  Project Manager, ideally French speaking Loyalty Programs Marketing Manager  Project Manager, ideally French speaking Thank you for applying to Language Recruitment Services, the Specialists in Language Recruitment. Applications can only be accepted from individuals who are eligible to work in the UK Please bear in mind that you may not hear from us immediately. Should your skills and qualifications be suitable for the position applied for (or similar positions), we will contact you as soon as possible. In the event there are no positions currently available that match your skills and qualifications, we may hold your details on our database This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LoyaltyProgramsMarketingManagerProjectManager_job****