Title: Junior Account Director, Experiential, FMCG, Entertainment, London, ****k
Webindex: 71888712
Company: Dynamic New Alliances
Description: The Role: A leading independent Experiential agency, based in a stunning part of West London is looking for a business savvy, commercially aware Junior Account Director to work across a number of key accounts. The Junior Account Director will be working on some wellknown brands, coming from a range of industries, such as FMCG (including booze), Entertainment, Technology and a number of others. You will be managing a team consisting of Account Executives through to Account Managers, whilst reporting into a Group Account Director, highlighting clear scope for progression within the role and within this agency. The campaigns you will be working on cover everything from Gorilla stunts, festivals, large scale events, sampling campaigns and much, much more. It is definitely worth mentioning that this is an award winning agency, with the work being very engaging and highly creative. This Junior Account Director opportunity will require you to be very hands on, not afraid to get your hands dirty. It will involve identifying opportunities with clients, pushing for new business with current clients and helping to pitch for new clients. The Junior Account Director: The right Junior Account Director will be passionate, hardworking and have an ability to lead a successful team on some great campaigns. Specific client experience is not essential, although Entertainment, FMCG or Tech experience would be advantageous. What is most important is personality. The Junior Account Director must be social, outgoing, tenacious and full of energy. The right person will: Be a leader who is able to grow and mentor a first class Client Services team. Be an expert in experiential. Be commercially aware and able to identify gaps and opportunities in the market and with clients. Be experienced in new business. This is a fantastic opportunity within a great agency. If you are a Senior Account Manager who is looking to take that next step up, or a current Account Director who is looking to progress sin a top, award winning agency and who wants to work on a list of amazing clients don t hesitate, apply now