Title: Digital Marketing Manager  Luxury Retailer  ****k  London
Webindex: 72384741
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Are you a Digital Marketing Manager currently working in retail? Do you want to work for a globally recognised luxury retailer? My client is a leader in online luxury retail, and they are looking to hire an ambitious and innovative Digital Marketing Manager to join their London based team. Reporting in to the Marketing Director this broad and challenging role will require a candidate from a retail background, with proven experience in digital marketing. Responsibilities of Digital Marketing Manager will include; The vision is to drive the digital acquisition and retention of customers and oversee the implementation of all digital brand marketing. This will include:  Working with the Marketing Director and Head of Online to develop and implement the seasonal digital marketing activity calendar, ensuring synergy between online and offline initiatives, digital support of all key brand activities CRM strategy.  Work with the Marketing Web teams to develop a cohesive CRM program and manage the digital aspect of the progamme, including database analysis, customer profiling, segmentation and retargeting activities.  Drive email subscription, data collection and customer engagement programmes.  Work with the inhouse Marketing Creative Team to develop optimised email creatives.  Work with and manage the 3rd party email providers to implement the eCRM road map and any new email marketing initiatives.  Manage the global paid search campaigns across all platforms, including Google, Twitter YouTube  Oversee the management of all aspects paid search, including of ad copy, urls and keywords, ad translation as relevant and weekly reporting of the paid search campaigns.  Work with the Marketing team to develop and manage the social media strategy across Facebook, Twitter, and other social media platforms as relevant.  Manage the SEO campaigns If you are interested in this position then please apply via this portal or alternatively send your CV direct to toms  profilescreative dot com