Title: RTB/ Display Manager at a leading Digital Marketing Agency
Webindex: 69670484
Company: XCEDE Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: RTB Manager **** ****K Company annual profit related bonus, 25 days holidays, healthcare, breakfast fruit every day London The role: To maximise revenue and exposure of biddable media opportunities within the company whilst applying knowledge of the real time landscape and targeting technologies that drive real time performance. You should be technically minded, experienced in their application and use of DSPs, Google and non Google display and search products, 3rd party data profiling and development of attribution modelling. RESPONSIBILITIES: Manage senior relationships and oversee daytoday relationships with the media vendors and clients alike. Oversee the planning, management and delivery of all real time campaigns to hit projected targets, both as a solo exercise and reviewing other s plans Further increase DSP usage across current client set, driving PMP and 3rd party data testing. Evaluate DSP and DMP offerings on a regular basis with clients in mind. Implement prospecting and retargeting strategies that compliment other channels and quantify this through the application of robust attribution models to justify spend. Build relationships with middle and senior client contacts independent of AD attendance. Develop strategic view of the account that is understood and translated to client. Build relationships with middle and senior MO contacts with a view to getting agency on BETA trials for new tests and having the most up to date knowledge of all current offerings. Management relationships with vendors covering container tag solutions, attribution tools and development of new tech overlays within media buys. Work closely with your AD to help develop core media offering for all biddable, including Video, Mobile, Search and Display Provide financial forecasting of client revenues to management team SKILLS EXPERIENCE: Excellent experience, knowledge and understanding of display including current developments. Considerable Experience working with DSPs, Major Networks and adserver attribution technology. Sound understanding of adserver technologies (examples include Doubleclick Mediaplex) Understanding of client side analytics packages highly desirable (Omniture, Coremetrics, GA)