Title: Digital Marketing Executive ( HTML and CSS )
Webindex: 69594806
Company: Hays
Description: My well established client based in Folkestone are looking for a Digital Marketing Executive for to work in an experienced team. You will be responsible for driving revenues, conversions and ROI across digital channels. Support and manage digital solutions and digital technology inline with marketing campaigns, strategies and business requirements. (desktop, mobile, email, ecommerce and eCRM). Job Purpose  Responsible for the design and development of digital content across web, email, social video, mobile and other digital communication channels using WCMS tools.  Responsible for delivering digital best practice to drive revenue, conversions and ROI through data analysis monitoring and evaluation.  Responsible for the creation of digital marketing collateral (html emails / images) based on the requirements of the marketing department.  Ability to use own initiative in solving problems and decision making within a very 'hands on' approach. General Accountabilities  Produce innovative and creative digital solutions, using brand guidelines and digital procedures, to meet the marketing requirements of the business across all digital channels, including web, mobile, mcommerce, ecommerce, emails and SEO to increase revenues, conversions and ROI.  Design and manage content of the Passenger website on both desktop and mobile using a WCMS (HTML, CSS), ensuring content and functionality (application and customer usability) are valid and fulfill business needs.  Manage and enforce digital procedures and marketing brand guidelines across web, mobile, social and email marketing campaigns and environments.  Report and analyse digital performance through web analytics and insight tools such as Google Analytics and website optimiser. Use findings to propose and implement enhancements to digital campaigns and channels.  Liaise with digital partners, marketing teams, Revcontrol and IT (MIS) concerning system issues and bugs.  Keep up to date with web standards, best practice and latest digital technologies ensuring they are reflected across the digital channels and campaigns.  Implement search engine optimisation and strategy, online data collection and engagement tracking.  Provide training, assistance and support for other users of the WCMS and digital development tools.  Strive for W****C compliance throughout the desktop, mobile and email environments.  Manage own project work and assist the Digital Manager with management of digital projects.  Liaise with the wider commercial team to produce and project manage website change requests and digital expectations.  Work closely with IT (MIS) to develop and integrate new digital solutions and technology. If you have the relevant experience apply now for more information. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DigitalMarketingExecutiveHTMLandCSS_job****