Title: Category Marketing Manager (Retail / FMCG)
Webindex: 71074999
Company: EasyWebRecruitment.com
Description: Category Marketing Manager (Retail / FMCG) It’s no secret that Tesco is one of Britain’s greatest success stories. They’re the world’s third largest retailer, with over **** stores and **** employees. The Global Business Unit (GBU) within the Tesco umbrella is responsible for managing the commercial buying relationship of their top 20 global suppliers, with whom they have an annual turnover in excess of **** Billion. Position: Category Marketing Manager Location: Cheshunt, Hertfordshire Salary: Circa ****k Their new strategic direction and ambition is to create real value for Tesco, supplier partners and customers by maximizing communication and engagement within our market commercial teams and our supplier partners to deliver the desired profitable growth their global scale should unlock. For this purpose, they have created a brand new structure and Insights and Category team within that structure. ROLE: The Category Marketing Manager, part of the Category Development team, in conjunction with their leading supplier partners will identify major category trends and opportunities to drive sales growth based on the changing needs of their customers. By working with their suppliers they can understand where their markets fall on the development cycle and thus be able to predict where the category is moving to and how to get there. You will lead the formation, development & capabilities of category planning & development based on shopper insight, category & retail data. This will be translated into Joint Business Plans through working in partnership with Dunhumby, marketing and commercial directors in the market. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Support the Marketing Director and Commercial Director in market development of one commercial plan. b) Leverage existing data sources & inputs from Shopper & Business Insights Manager to develop category analytics & purchaser insights. c) To beat the plan and the competition by developing and executing a robust category management and commercial plan that delivers irresistible shopping experiences and exceptional category & business performance. d) Deliver simple, consistent pointofpurchase category drivers (e.g. range availability, assortment, navigation, planogram, etc. e) Deliver market, category and customer insights to support local markets & GBU deliverables. f) Execute the Category Development agenda in the allocated regions to ensure that we are our customers' first choice category partner and are rated the No.**** Supplier. g) To be the voice of the shopper and deliver substantial change at the point of purchase through shopper insights and understanding. KNOWLEDGE/EXPERIENCE: a) Proven level of commercial category management experience. b) You’ll have a high level of shopper insight development and interpretation skills with an excellent ability to turn insights into action. c) Excellent analytical capabilities, able to use data and research to understand customers and categories to build compelling insight based proposals from analysis. d) A good understanding of marketing principles and good creative judgment. e) Able to demonstrate channel and customer understanding. f) Skilled in delivering compelling range and merchandising reviews, and point of purchase change recommendations. g) You will be a compelling seller, stakeholder influencer and excellent communicator and presenter with adaptability of style. h) Excellent project management and commercial planning skills. You may have experience of the following: Category Manager, Business Insight, Category Marketing Manager, FMCG, Retail Category Manager, Wholesaler, Supermarket, Retail Analyst, National Account Manager, Business Information, Retail Marketing Manager, BI, Customer Insight, Key Account Manager, Wholesale, Food & Beverage. etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK’s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.