Title: PR Manager, B2B Technology, Inhouse
Webindex: 68680883
Company: Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment
Description: My client is one of Europe`s largest and most respected technology industry representatives. They are a trading body and have an expanding member footprint that includes companies of all sizes active in IT, telecoms, consumer electronics, defence, document management, postal technology and the electronics supply chain. They are looking for a PR Manager to;  Manage a programme that will successfully engage their core audiences;  Keep and grow existing members  Encourage new members to join  Raise awareness and profile of the organisation as the UK`s leading voice on technology issues.  Work closely with programme heads and marketing function to develop concise and relevant PR campaigns aimed at target audiences using appropriate channels.  Work with delivery, membership, services and events teams to ensure that volume and nature of routine communications is acceptable, achieves the desired results and appropriate channels are used.  Manage online presence from editorial, design and functionality perspective, identifying opportunities for development and improvement.  Support events and services teams in development and execution of PR campaigns to achieve objectives. Candidate profile  Graduate level education  B2B PR experience at account manager level  Experience of multiservice line organisation  Technology savvy with good understanding of online communications  Demonstrable relationships and understanding of UK tech media  Diplomatic and collegiate in working style  Entrepreneurial and resourceful  Excellent writing skills. If you would like to be considered for this role please send your CV and covering letter to Natalie at apply.a****lg****aiuetrblueskiescareers.aptrack.co Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment specialises in marketing jobs across Creative, PR, Clientside, Account Handling and Executive. We offer unrivalled opportunities across all specialisms and industry sectors, presenting you with only the best marketing jobs. Although we try to respond to all applications, the high number we receive means this isn`t always possible. If you have not heard from us within **** hours, please assume that your application has not been successful. For more information, visit www.blueskiescareers.co.uk and we`ll make sure we do our best to find you the perfect marketing role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PRManagerB2BTechnologyInhouse_job****