Title: Senior SEO Marketing Manager
Webindex: 68380170
Description: Senior SEO Marketing Manager Hampshire VR/**** **** Our client is looking for an SEO person to manage a portfolio of new and existing search engine marketing campaigns that are based on annual contracts and ensuring that they are delivered to a very high standard. Essentially, you would be managing the technicians making the actual optimisation changes, but you'll also be liaising with Campaign Account Managers and occasionally direct with clients. Role & Responsibilities: Manage organic optimisation projects Coordinate all campaign activities relating to SEO Analyse customer Websites and provide welldefined strategies Search engine writing to improve effectiveness of site content. Monitor search engine results & analyse key Web site metrics Provide guidance and thought Monitor algorithmic changes in the search engines Manage daytoday client relationships Exceed client expectations and performance goals on a daily basis. Skills required: Proven experience delivering results through ethical SEO techniques Excellent attention to detail and the ability to effectively multitask Strong understanding of search enginefriendly Web site design Excellent verbal, written, and presentation skills Excellent organisational skills Have you heard about the incentives scheme we offer for you recommending professionals to Solutions? Check out our website If you would like to send us your CV, we understand that the creative people out there will have impressive CVs and we love receiving them but could you also attach a simple word CV with no text boxes or logos, as these are database friendly. Solutions **** Recruitment is a specialist Marketing, PR and Design recruitment agency that offer fantastic Marketing roles in the South, including Hampshire, Wiltshire, Berkshire, Dorset and Surrey. We have a broad mix of clients, so whether you are a budding Marketing professional wanting a strategic or analytical position client side, or an Account Executive looking for the next step up the career ladder to an Account Manager agency side, we will be able to help.  Please ensure contact details, including email address, are on your CV  If you have not heard from us within five working days please assume that you have been unsuccessful. We would like to keep your records on file and should a suitable position come up we will contact you. Solutions **** Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.