Title: Ecommerce Marketing Manager  huge online brand
Webindex: 69247969
Company: SPOTLIGHT RECRUITMENT
Description: This is a superb Senior Marketing Manager role working for a wellknown and fast growing European ecommerce/online brand based in the heart of London. If you are commercially minded and have a passion for ecommerce coupled with proven ecommerce marketing experience then read on This unique opportunity offers tons of variety which will see you working on both the strategy and implementation of all marketing activity across the UK and other European markets. Working as part of a focused and driven ecommerce marketing team your remit will include both online and offline channels such as digital, print, radio, TV, ambient media and social media. As Senior Marketing Manager you will be a natural leader with an entrepreneurial spirit and lead the marketing team to deliver outstanding campaigns that generate amazing results. With such a fantastic reputation our client is one of the most sought after employers in London right now and they offer a vibrant and buzzing culture with a focus on employee development and success. As Senior Marketing Manager you will be driving innovative marketing campaigns incorporating the latest trends for an internet brand that is going from strength to strength. Our client would like Marketing Managers with direct experience of marketing an online / ecommerce brand using all available channels including TV, which means you'll need to understand and manage the creative process but also have an equally good understanding of utilising offline channels also. You will possess an inquisitive mind with a head for data for analysis and feedback purposes. Ideally we would like to see experienced marketing managers educated at the UK's best universities with an additional European language, however if you feel you have the skills and experience then please apply. Although not essential, we would be very keen to hear from you if you have worked in any of the following industries marketing their ecommerce operations  comparison, gambling, gaming, retail, travel, fashion, media or dealoftheday/voucher sites.