Title: German Speaking Account Manager
Webindex: 62125675
Company: eCom Recruitment Ltd
Description: A digital marketing agency is on the lookout for a German Speaking Account Manager with strong digital, social and integrated campaign experience to work with a major blue chip client. This is an exciting role for someone who can manage client projects and campaigns together with the wider team including clients, partner agencies and colleagues on time and on budget. This is a temp to permanent position where you must be able to speak fluent German and have a good agency background. This is a core role at the heart of a great team working to ensure campaign delivery and client satisfaction. The role will provide key ongoing support to the overall account team across the planning, administration and management of projects. Strong communication and prioritisation skills are a must with a real 'get things done' attitude whilst being able to add value to the overall team performance. The role will be varied and include the development and definition of locally produced campaigns where ideas and projects are created and delivered from start to end on some of the biggest consumer and commercial brands that the client has. This will include working on key product launches working across both the advertising and relationship marketing campaigns. It will also include the management and production of global advertising campaigns including online, print and OOH assets which are adapted and localised for the UK market. This client is at the forefront of every aspect of digital advertising, relationship marketing and social media. Skills & Experience needed:  Fluent in German  Excellent attention to detail and commitment to delivering the best job you can each and every day  Able to multitask and manage the expectations of others both internally and externally  Showing ownership and commitment to projects ensuring projects meet the deadline  People skills to build strong relationships with others. A great communicator  You are organised and can manage the commercial aspect of the role including cost estimates, budget tracking and invoicing for large campaigns  Assertive, outgoing, confident and flexible with strong organisational and negotiation skills  A real team player with a sense of humour  you lead by example  Great selfmotivation, a strong sense of initiative and are able to work under pressure  Previous digital agency experience is required Salary: Up to ****k If you can speak fluent German and interested in finding out more about this opportunity please contact Stephen at Ecom Recruitment. german digital account manager online web social media integrated