Title: Direct Marketing Manager (Acquisition)  Media / Pay TV
Webindex: 71214090
Company: Experis IT
Description: Direct Marketing Manager (Acquisition)  Media / Pay TV Want to work for one of the most dynamic, creative environments in the world and become part of the entertainment and communications revolution? One of the UK’s leading payTV providers is looking for a Marketing Manager (Acquisition) with strong Direct Marketing experience to join their Republic of Ireland Direct Marketing team based in West London This team is responsible for driving new sales and improving product attachment rates in Ireland and will be responsible for driving the strategy of the DRTV and Direct Mail channels in addition to daytoday Operational Management of the new call centre in Dublin. The role will involve working closely with key agencies to plan, deliver and evaluate campaigns whilst ensuring that the strategy aligns to the overall Direct plans. The role will also involve working closely with the online and brand channels to ensure that media laydown and creative is aligned to drive optimised performance. The successful candidate will have handson experience of managing multiple projects with the ability and confidence to deliver these projects alongside the Marketing Controller. Key responsibilitiesDirect Mail: Responsible for driving and delivering the overall Direct Mail strategy. Working with customer insight and intelligence teams to improve targeting and profiling capabilities to improve salesDRTV: Responsible for the media planning and creative development of TV campaigns ensuring that messaging and message hierarchy aligns other Direct channels. Provide post campaign evaluation and reporting to drive future campaign strategyCreative strategy: Plan and deliver the creative strategy for the DRTV and Direct Mail channels. Work with the wider teams to understand how to best leverage propositions and messaging hierarchyReporting and analysis: Review and evaluate the full campaign analysis after every campaign making clear recommendations on how to improve performance. Work with our agency and customer insight and intelligence teams to ensure that learning’s are implemented to optimise future performance.Relationship management: Work with relevant agencies and stakeholders to ensure that all campaigns are on are on brief, delivered on time, to budget and within regulatory guidelines. Candidate requirementsDemonstrable experience delivering multiple marketing campaigns successfully (particularly with traditional media)Experience developing and delivering segmentation strategiesStrong stakeholder management experienceExperience of managing supply and delivery from 3rd party organisationsAn advocate of test, measure learn practices This is a permanent position based in West London and will require regular (monthly) travel to Dublin Please submit CV’s and successful candidates will be contacted directly.