Title: PPC Mgr / Internet Marketing Specialist
Webindex: 68705800
Company: Fresh Recruits Ltd
Description: In line with our client's rapid growth, they are currently seeking an experienced PPC Manager / Internet Marketing Specialist. As the PPC Manager you will be solely responsible for projects, defining strategy, and ultimately for the return on all campaigns. You will have control over the strategy, creation, implementation and optimisation of all PPC campaigns as well as other marketing avenues that you create. Technically your skills must include extensive PPC experience ideally within a financial/regulated sector. You will have experience of all major UK based paid advertising formats, Google, Yahoo, Facebook. To support these skills you will have strong analytical experience and also experience of associated PPC tools. Key responsibilities/requirements: Complete management and overall control of online marketing, SEO and PPC function; Indepth understanding of all technical elements of SEO implementation; Management of site content and email marketing tools in line with SEO strategy; PPC campaign development and maintenance; An understanding of both front end and back end process; Experience of PPC management in high value financial campaigns; An ability to work in an energetic and entrepreneurial environment; Good knowledge of ecommerce in general; An understanding of both front end and back end process; Experience with social media marketing and strategy development; Experience in blog development and promotion; HTML, very good MS Excel skills, Knowledge of xml sitemaps; Copywriting and AB testing; Extremely up to date with industry trends and good understanding of how SEO is evolving today; Experience in a highly competitive area is desired. Candidates must have internet marketing experience as opposed to social marketing. Financial background or similar is desirable. Salary up to **** Due to the high number of applications we are receiving at present, we are unable to respond to every application individually. If you do not hear from us within 3 days please assume that your application has not been successful. We may contact you in the future about other suitable positions. EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES Fresh Recruits is committed to a policy of equal opportunities for all work seekers and shall adhere to such a policy at all times and will review on an ongoing basis on all aspects of recruitment to avoid unlawful or undesirable discrimination. We will treat everyone equally irrespective of sex, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, marital or civil partnership status, pregnancy or maternity, age, disability, race, colour, ethnic or national origin, religion and beliefs, political beliefs or membership or nonmembership of a Trade Union and we place an obligation upon all staff to respect and act in accordance with the policy. Fresh Recruits will ensure that each candidate is assessed only in accordance with the candidate's merits, qualification and ability to perform the relevant duties required by the particular vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PPCMgrInternetMarketingSpecialist_job****