Title: Account Executive Leading Global PR agency
Webindex: 67382179
Company: Hanson Search
Description: This agency represents fresh exciting brands in the industry from luxury food to hot topic services. Their clients expect the very best and this is an agency that never fails to deliver. They are consistently committed to raising the stakes in the communications game and look to every resource to keep one step ahead. Every measure is taken to ensure that cutting edge techniques are employed to bring consumers closer to the brands they love. In this role you will be working as part of a fun and friendly team of professionals who know their stuff when it comes to PR. To be considered for this opportunity you must be a strong and capable team player and be prepared to hit the ground running. With a broad range of engaging and diverse brands you must be able to demonstrate versatility and step up to the challenge of working within a facedpaced vibrant team. To be successful in this role you must: Have at least **** year s experience Have a strong consumer brand background Have excellent media contacts Be tenacious and driven in your work ethic Demonstrate excellent management and organisational skills Sound like an opportunity not to be missed? Waste no time in calling today to find out more To find out more about this role please call Daisy Smith at Hanson Search on **** **** **** or email daisyhansonsearch.com Not for you? Recommend a friend and you could be eligible for our referral reward scheme. We can only respond to those people who are successful at application stage, but all details will be held on file and Hanson Search will contact you in the future if we have a suitable position. Hanson Search encourages applicants from all ages backgrounds. Selection is based on merit alone, but candidate must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the advertised country. Hanson Search specialists in PR and strategic communications recruitment. With specialists in Consumer, Corporate, Financial, Healthcare and Pharmaceutical, Public Sector, Technology, Digital and Public Affairs. Serving the UK, European and International markets, for agency and inhouse; freelance and permanent work. REC accredited.