Title: Loft & Cavity Insulation Sales/ surveyor
Webindex: 72565237
Description: We URGENTLY require mature quality loft and cavity wall Insulation Field Sales / Surveyors who can additionally sell and drive the business forward. This is field based role. Working as part of a team reporting to the Sales Manager, the post holder will sell energy efficient solutions to current and prospective customers of the client. The post holder will be required to maximise the profitable sale of ongoing product and services range to customers in their home with the objective of generating profit and securing customer loyalty. These include hard to treat cavity, Free Solar PV and External Wall Insulation. The post holder will be required to act heavily on initiative to actively pursue both the qualified appointments provided and the ones sourced on their own merit. Whilst this is first and foremost a consultative business to consumer selling role the post holder will also be required to undertake technical aspects to support the selling process. This role is field based working from home and will be responsible for a geographical area. The successful candidate must beable to carry out a full internal survey if required on properties to ensure the customer is matched to the correct product. Once a full survey is carried out, briefing and information must be fully explained to the customer along with ensuring the customer is aware of all work required and timescales. You will preferably but not definitely have a current, valid driving license and own transport, You will be able to visit customers at times convenient to them, including evenings and weekends as required. You will have a practical aptitude to deal with home surveys and numerical skills to create an accurate specification/quotation. In order to produce the specification you will need to be checking in your customers lofts. As a successful candidate you will have the drive and determination to achieve performance targets, an attitude that allows you to deal with pressure and keep self motivated with little direct supervision. As well as revenue and conversion you will also be targeted on the accuracy of your specification. You will have a high standard of selfpresentation to represent the quality image of the Company. A high standard of communication skill will allow you to translate technical details into easy to understand language for the customer. You will be an effective team player and very capable of organising and managing your time and paperwork. NB you will need to be CRB checked for this role. No experience required as we will provide full training to the right people Essential requirements • Hungry for success • An interest in the provision of energy efficiency solutions to customers • Effective communication and interpersonal skills • Demonstrable planning, organising and self management skills • IT literate with computer access • Flexible approach to work and willing to visit customers during the evenings and at weekends • Full driving license and own vehicle preferred but not essential • Reside within a reasonable distance of the identified geographical requirement To apply for an immediate start please Call us or email your CV