Title: Communications Coordinator  Lifetime Awarding Organisation
Webindex: 70768020
Company: Lifetime
Description: About us They say that size matters, and we think small is beautiful. Lifetime Awarding is a small innovative awarding organisation with a collaborative approach to doing business. We work with employers, training providers and FE colleges of all shapes and sizes to develop off the shelf, customised and bespoke qualifications. We also collaborate with a number of organisations, including Sector Skills Councils, to develop, deliver and accredit qualifications that are relevant to the workplace. We currently offer qualifications in the following sectors: administration, management, childcare development, hospitality .with more to come soon In a nutshell Reporting to the Quality and Operations Manager, you will take responsibility for the daytoday coordination of internal and external communications. Your primary focus will be on coordinating the development of marketing and qualification materials and ensuring that the LAO website is kept up to date and refreshed on regular basis. Key responsibilities of the role Joining a small but ever growing team, this is a busy and varied role with lots of opportunities to get stuck in across many aspects of Lifetime Awarding. Key responsibilities include ensuring that our Centres and internal members of the team are kept abreast of any changes in the materials and qualifications. As part of this you will be responsible for the development and distribution of newsletters to our Centres. Likewise you will liaise with the Qualifications Manager on the development of support materials to ensure that the LAO branding is sustained. This role will also involve supporting the business development activities and you will be responsible for the development of a contact database for email and promotional campaigns as well as liaising with third parties on joint marketing and promotional activities. What you ll need Successful candidates will have relevant occupational qualification at NVQ Level or equivalent and proficient working knowledge of MS Office. You will have recent experience within a marketing or communications and vocational educational environment. Excellent written and verbal communication is a must have in this role. Above all, we are looking for a great team player with a can do attitude and bags of enthusiasm. You will excel in customer service, take initiative and have a positive outlook and clear focus on achievement of objectives. What will it be like? We re a small team, and your contribution will make an impact on our business performance from day one. We ll encourage you to challenge our current thinking as well as put forward ideas that will help us improve what we do. We re very entrepreneurial in our thinking. At times it will be quite pressurised, but we promise it will be rewarding and exciting. Benefits of taking the leap into Lifetime Awarding? With a great company comes great rewards. Here s just a few to get you interested We offer 25 days paid holiday plus bank holidays, company pension scheme, life assurance and many staff incentives. Interested? Raring to go? We re looking to recruit the very best. If you nodded excitedly throughout this advert and have the above experience in spades, we d love to hear from you Send us your CV along with any additional information you feel will be beneficial in supporting your application via our website