Title: B2B Digital Marketing Manager
Webindex: 67321359
Company: Just Digital
Description: Our client is one of the world s leading businesses who have performed at a phenomenal level over the last few years. They provide various data and analytical services in both the B2C and B2B markets in almost 100 countries. They currently own and operate a number of market leading Digital products which they are looking to develop further. Key to this growth is hiring a talented Digital Marketing Manager who can drive lead generation activity and customer retention strategies. Responsibilities: Setting and implementing the online digital strategy Management of the digital budget Implement highimpact demand generation campaigns PPC, SEO and Display Advertising Website management, design, optimisation and platform migration Deliver solutions to drive customer lifecycle management, through customer acquisition and retention programmes Generating and producing content using innovative technologies Deliver site optimisation and conversion strategies Understand the various customer journeys through the website ensuring an excellent customer experience Develop multichannel / integrated marketing campaigns in conjunction with the marketing team ensuring a customercentric approach Manage stakeholder relationships and ensure buyin for all digital activity Take a lead as the teams digital expert Testing and learning through reporting and measurement metrics You will be a talented, ambitious and driven Digital Marketing Manager with experience of B2B marketing ideally gained in the technology, software or electronics markets. You will have excellent digital marketing skills across all channels including SEO, PPC and Display etc as well as experience of optimising websites to drive conversion. You will also demonstrate excellent relationship, influencing and stakeholder management skills and a demonstrable track record of delivering sales growth online. Position: B2B Digital Marketing Manager Salary: ****k plus bonus and benefits Location: London Contract: Permanent Contact: Charlie Allen Email: Charliejustsearchgroup.co.uk  Reference: **** Referral Reward: **** Just Digital is a specialist Digital Marketing ECommerce Recruiter. If you re a digital marketing or ecommerce professional interested in advancing your career, we can help. Our core sectors include Retail, Leisure Travel, Technology, Financial Services and ECommerce Vendors. Not quite right for you? If you know someone who would be great for this job, then please contact us or send us their details (with their permission of course) along with the job reference number. We pay generous rewards for all successful referrals