Title: Sales & Marketing Account Executive  (Excel, Data)  London
Webindex: 71679168
Company: Ashdown Group
Description: Sales Marketing Account Executive  (Excel, Data)  London An established and successful financial services company with many notable blue chip clients based in London is looking for a Sales Marketing Account Executive to join their marketing department. This is an excellent opportunity for a graduate who is a commercially minded, numerically capable individual with an interest in marketing to join a large company with increasing international presence. To be suitable you will be an excellent communicator, good with numbers, confident at analysing figures/basic statistical reports and presenting participating in meetings. The day to day activities of this role are providing and manipulating statistical data related to products, pricing and campaign testing to enable the team to make decisions in order to maximise the effectiveness of cross selling activities to customers via the call centres (inbound and outbound calls), web advertising, and direct mail activities. You will also be monitoring conversion rates at point of sale/registration of a newly purchased products services. You MUST be a competent user of Word, PowerPoint Excel (i.e. using pivot tables, formulas spread sheets). My client would be particularly interested in candidates with good Excel and numeracy skills, even if you perhaps you have limited marketing campaign experience. This is a fantastic opportunity for someone starting their career post university placement or perhaps looking for their second role. This would suit someone who has worked as a sales executive or marketing administrator that enjoys working with numbers/data and wants a commercially focused role. The basic salary for this role will be **** plus benefits and further opportunity to develop a career in a wellestablished company. Please apply to this Marketing Account Executive role by submitting your CV including reference ASH****RH in the subject line of your email. The Ashdown Group Ltd acts as an employment agency in respect of permanent vacancies and as an employment business in respect of temporary vacancies. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesMarketingAccountExecutiveExcelDataLondon_job****