Title: Online Marketing Director
Webindex: 71213567
Company: Recruitment Genius
Description: A leading Office Broker company, based in Stanmore, Middlesex (End of the Jubilee Line) are looking for exciting, dynamic, hardworking, enthusiastic individuals to join their Marketing team as the Marketing Director. The focus of the role is to drive qualified traffic to the website and improve lead generation volumes. You will report directly to the MD and will learn about all aspects of building and running successful real estate related websites. Responsibilities include: • Manage a growing marketing team. • Develop and implement online marketing strategies with focus on high growth in revenue and ROI in marketing costs. • Develop and manage key marketing channels including: SEO, paid search, affiliate marketing, white labels, media, PR, email marketing, cooperative marketing, data feed strategy and social media. • Serve as an inhouse SEO expert, develop and maintain SEO strategy and project plan. • Reporting, analysis and ongoing optimisation of all marketing channels. • Research, identify and implement new online traffic and customer acquisition opportunities. • Ongoing planning and implementation of customer acquisition activities. • Manage Marketing Executive and outside agencies. • Other projects and duties as assigned by MD and COO. Required skills / attributes:  Proven success managing SEO, SEM and social media initiatives. You will need to provide evidence. • Bachelor's degree, or equivalent, with a minimum of 3 years' experience in online marketing • Demonstrated ability to create programs that increase revenue and generate customer acquisition, conversion and retention. • Good knowledge about Paid search marketing (PPC) • Experience with website analytics tools (Google Analytics) • Strong data analysis skills and knowledge of Microsoft Excel • Highly energetic and selfmotivated • Results driven  focus on revenue and traffic growth • Demonstrated ability to handle multiple tasks, to prioritize those tasks and meet deadlines • Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Working Hours: Monday  Thursday 9am 6.00pm Friday 9am 5.30pm