Title: Account ExecutiveHealthcare
Webindex: 71649085
Company: Reuben Sinclair
Description: This is a fantastic opportunity to join one of the most prestigious public relations agencies in the UK. Their healthcare team is internationally renowned and they work with an amazing array of healthcare clients from the worlds largest pharmaceutical companies to NGOs. Investing a lot in your training and development this is a fantastic agency to really develop your career. With a flat structure you will get involved in all aspects on the business. This role suits someone entrepreneurial, an idea generator who is proactive and ambitious as you can progress very rapidly here. You ll be working on a wide variety of projects from writing medical articles and liaising with journalists to working on creative projects, designing brochures or advising on advertising campaigns. This is a great role for someone ambitious and keen to work in an intellectually stimulating, busy and challenging environment but one which will also provide opportunities to be creative. If you re passionate about healthcare and medicine, then this is the opportunity for you. Desirable experience Must have previous public relations agency experience Must have worked with some healthcare clients Excellent verbal and writing skills Excellent organisational skills This is a fast paced and ambitious role an incredible company. If you are looking for a role in which you can work with world renowned global clients, with an amazing awardwinning team on challenging and innovative campaigns, then this is the opportunity for you. If this role interests you do not hesitate to apply If you would like to discuss the role further or put yourself forward please send your CV or contact me at Emilieureubensinclair.com or on **** **** **** . If you are interested in similar roles but you do not exactly fit this specification I have several similar roles I am actively recruiting for so please do not hesitate to contact me if this appeals to you. Alternatively if you know someone who might be well suited to this role and is interested in exploring new opportunities I am also keen to hear from them.