Title: Marketing Manager  Chelmsford
Webindex: 68706346
Company: Ashdown Group
Description: Marketing Manager (B2B)  Chelmsford A wellestablished organisation within the professional services sector is looking for a Marketing Manager to join their team due to growth. Reporting directly to the Marketing Director you will be responsible for managing brand development and marketing the services offered by this long standing company to new and existing clients. This B2B role will cover the full marketing mix including social media, PR, marketing communications, CRM and events. You will prepare the annual marketing plan ensuring it is aligned to the overall business strategy and will also take responsibility for the preparation and monitoring of their annual marketing budget. You will have gained experience across event management; coordinating seminars, exhibitions, lunches and corporate entertaining as well managing the production and design of new marketing literature. Further to this you will manage the marketing and administration teams to ensure all tasks set are completed accurately and will also produce quarterly marketing reports for the Marketing Director and Management Board. To be suitable for this role you will have a background in B2B marketing and be able to demonstrate a real focus on client services. You will be both analytical and creative and a real 'people' person; able to communicate effectively with directors and clients alike. Ideally you will be degree educated and have gained the CIM qualification. This is an excellent opportunity to join a wellestablished organisation that offers real long term career development. The salary on offer for this role is **** dependent on experience. Please apply by sending a WORD copy of your CV putting ASH****AL in the subject line of your email. The Ashdown Group Ltd acts as an employment agency in respect of permanent vacancies and as an employment business in respect of temporary vacancies. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingManagerChelmsford_job****