Title: Middleweight Copywriter  Healthcare Advertising Agency
Webindex: 67803994
Company: Fresh Connect
Description: A massively successful, specialist Healthcare Advertising agency has a unique opportunity for an experienced and talented Middleweight Copywriter to join their expanding team, based in London. They are looking for copywriters with experience in Healthcare Advertising rather than Medical Writers looking to get into copywriting. As part of a talented creative team, you will play a pivotal role in building the company s creative reputation. Your role will be to read clinical data and turn it s essence into compelling pieces of copy. This is a great opportunity to work across a number of exciting accounts. To be considered you must have a tangible passion for advertising as well as a real ability to write gripping copy. You must also:  Consider yourself a talented conceptual copywriter with a strong portfolio  Understand the Healthcare Advertising industry including the ABPI code  Be able to give examples of integrated campaign copy you ve produced  Get excited about brands and know how to inject fresh creativity in to projects  Be able to work with clients effectively and build relationships  Be able to multitask well, juggling different brands, therapy areas and both UK and international markets  Enjoy team work and be excellent at prioritisation, meeting deadlines and solving problems If you enjoy developing brand building materials and feel you can excel within a truly exciting and successful agency, we want to hear from you. To be considered, you must have relevant experience as a healthcare advertising copywriter. Join this leading agency today and rapidly enhance your career, apply now For this and similar vacancies, please contact Gary Hoult on **** **** **** or email garyfreshconnect.co.uk. Middleweight Copywriter, Senior Copywriter, Medical Copywriter, Healthcare Advertising agency, Healthcare Advertising, Healthcare Communications, Healthcare Comms, Pharma, Pharmaceutical Marketing, Pharmaceutical, London. Middleweight Copywriter, Senior Copywriter, Medical Copywriter, Healthcare Advertising agency, Healthcare Advertising, Healthcare Communications, Healthcare Comms, Pharma, Pharmaceutical Marketing, Pharmaceutical, London. Closing Date: Application Information: gary.****freshconnect.aplitrak.com