Title: User Experience Programme Manager
Webindex: 71751874
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Capita s employee benefits business is one of the largest employee benefits consultancies in the UK; a multi awardwinning organisation servicing over **** clients and more than 4 million company employees and pension scheme members. As a result of company growth Employee Benefits Client Communications division are recruiting for a User Experience Programme Manager. As a User Experience Programme Manager you will be responsible for managing the User Experience Programme at Capita Employee Benefits and offer expertise to clients during client communication projects involving multiple communication channels. Further responsibilities include: Manage the Online Technology User Group, a Group designed to elicit feedback from key clients and integrate it into our ongoing development programme. Contribute to and facilitate journey mapping exercises and other usercentred techniques. Contribute towards the innovation of new digital service solutions across digital channels and devices, in partnership with internal and external stakeholders Manage Practice input Liaise with colleagues within Capita Group Marketing s Service Design function and collaborate on best practice To be successful in your application, candidates should have demonstrable experience of the following: Qualified to degree level (or equivalent), with experience of digital projects, usercentred design or similar. Detailed knowledge of usercentred design principles, a passion for applying digital technology to deliver great service. Digital marketing/user experience background with a good understanding of relevant technologies. Experience of working within or managing a user experience team. This role is home based with considerable travel to our London, Sheffield and Darlington offices. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us