Title: INTERNATIONAL PPC SENIOR PLANNER  FANTASTIC CLIENTS
Webindex: 71888866
Company: Ultimate Asset
Description: THE COMPANY This top tier media agency has a rapidly growing international team. Search is at the centre of all it does and the search team has some of the brightest minds in the industry. Its search team is unsurpassed in terms of client excellence, creative search strategy definition and the career development of its staff. The agency has won lots of awards and to work in its search team is a must have for anyone who is looking to reach the top in our industry. Staff retention is very high due to the friendly and supportive environment. It offers a challenging yet rewarding working environment that fosters hard work and success. Not many people leave this agency once they have joined THE ROLE As PPC Senior Search Planner you will play a pivotal role in managing the daytoday aspects of payperclick campaigns and reports  all for global market leading brands. You will assist in strategy development and planning for clients managed centrally with both the media planning team and client stakeholders. You will be involved in assisting in client management and have a central involvement on conference calls and client facing meetings, as well as training juniors. Finally, you will coordinate implementation and set up clients across EMEA. RESPONSIBILITIES Produce strategy documents for account handlers to ensure local markets understand and implement the client's objectives Monitor output of local teams to ensure delivery is aligned with agreed strategy Optimisation of account according to performance and client objectives Produce recommendation/best practice documents for account handlers in local markets Prepare Adhoc training for individuals in markets Campaign management of centrally managed accounts inclusive of reporting, keyword research, copy writing and optimisation Monitoring campaign results, identifying potential issues and raising them with the Search Manager Scheduling strategic account reviews and optimizations, and briefing local markets on their duties/involvement in this Help Search Account Managers to identify new opportunities through new ad formats or in areas of mobile search Stay abreast of industry trends and all applicable technologies, including developments in  Online Marketing, Social management, ECommerce and Online consumer behaviour This is a fantastic opportunity so please get in contact with James Stevenson on **** **** **** I am also on LinkedIn (search for James Stevenson). We currently have a number of other exciting search opportunities which I would love to chat through with you, all at prominent companies.