Title: Exp/Events/SP Recruiter  Blue Skies
Webindex: 68673979
Company: Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment
Description: Established for 14 years, we are proud at Blue Skies to be one of the leading marketing recruitment companies. Our experience is unique and synonymous with outstanding service delivery, welcome to a more personal recruitment experience. We had a hugely successful 2012: we opened our third office, we had our most profitable year to date, as a company invested even more in our people. Not one to sit on our laurels, we are looking to further improve in 2013 (we`re an ambitious bunch)and are looking to continue to expand the Agency side of the Richmond office this year. As a result of continued success in our Exp/SP Events Account Handling team we are now looking to further grow the team and appoint an Account Handler at the peak of their career who is looking for a career change. A career in marketing recruitment provides an opportunity where you are still immersed in the Agency world and are developing and building on existing knowledge and skills. Moving from the agency world into recruitment is a welltrodden path and a excellent way to use your skills and passion for the marketing world in a new environment. We have a number of employees who have made the transition and have been with us for a number of years and are extremely successful. You`ll be pleased to learn we offer full training to develop the core recruitment skill set but we`re really seeking agency people with a passion for service and specialist sector knowledge. No one day is ever the same and really does keep you on your toes. Plus, the monetary rewards and job satisfaction can be fantastic  it`s an amazing feeling placing people you genuinely like. At Blue Skies we work hard but also look after our people too. Benefits include a qtrly bonus, fully expensed IPhone, one ****  4 flexi day per week and we`ve got a great bunch of people in our Richmond office. If you would like to find out more about the opportunities at Blue Skies please send me Rachel your CV via the application button in the first instance. Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment specialises in marketing jobs across Creative, PR, Clientside, Account Handling and Executive. We offer unrivalled opportunities across all specialisms and industry sectors, presenting you with only the best marketing jobs. Although we try to respond to all applications, the high number we receive means this isn`t always possible. If you have not heard from us within **** hours, please assume that your application has not been successful. For more information, visit www.blueskiescareers.co.uk and we`ll make sure we do our best to find you the perfect marketing role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ExpEventsSPRecruiterBlueSkies_job****