Title: CRM Specialist
Webindex: 68096516
Company: Serco
Description: Please note this is a **** month FTC Working directly for our prestigious motor industry client in Milton Keynes an opportunity has arisen in the Passenger Cars Marketing team. The purpose of this role is to manage the MercedesBenz and smart prospect and customer journeys to ensure effective and customer centric communication in order to generate loyalty and repurchase consideration. Key responsibilities  Implementation and management of the MercedesBenz and smart CRM programmes. Develop customer engagement programmes to ensure consistency across all channels and an integrated customer journey including: Welcome Pack, with quarterly refreshes Mercedes Magazine  both hard copy online Dynamic customer eNewsletter  Fully integrated programme delivery including Finance, After Sales and MB World.  Development of a fully integrated online customer portal, My Mercedes. Working closely with DAG and internal stakeholders to ensure delivery of a central, functional portal that allows customers to interact with the brand at relevant stages during their lifecycle.  End to end prospect journey management including online form management, dynamic fulfilment letter process, retailer template support, processing and fulfilment of all centrally managed outbound contact and inbound requests.In addition, develop order bank communications for all new product launches.  Development and implementation of lost sales programme to ensure delivery of regular brand messages and optimise reengagement with the MercedesBenz brand  Management of customer communication and brochure ordering/fulfilment process, including liaison with literature specialists, brochure holding and fulfilment agency and data suppliers.  Work closely with DAG colleagues to utilise appropriate centrally produced materials and provide ongoing KPI reports. Engagement with all areas of the business to weave in relevant and timely messaging for the customers  aftersales, finance, insurance, MB World and Retailers. Work with the MI team re data strategies for CRM programmes.  Manage agency relationships and CRM budget. On occasion we receive significantly more applicants than expected for some vacancies. Under such circumstances we reserve the right to bring forward the closing date of the advertisement. Therefore you are advised to apply for the role promptly to avoid disappointment. If you have any queries or additional requirements please do not hesitate to contact the Serco Recruitment Team on **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CRMSpecialist_job****