Title: Consumer Associate Director – Creative International Agency London
Webindex: 67382183
Company: Hanson Search
Description: This agency has built a reputation for excellence and with an enviable digital prowess they are a force to be reckoned with. My client has worked with some of the UK s most desirable brands and has had some very impressive new business wins. Their formula for success comes from the recognition of the age of digital and the undisputable power of the man on the street. With such superb understanding of the new face of PR it is difficult to find equal rivals to this agency. This would be the perfect opportunity for a driven and gifted individual looking to settle into an amazing new role. To be successful within this role, you must have: Strong consumer PR agency experience Good understanding of digital Proven experience working with high profile clients Understanding and motivational leadership skills across your team Excellent media relations and communication skills Experience managing budgets and large accounts This is an amazing role and my client is looking for the best of the best within consumer PR. If you meet the credentials above and think you have what it takes, then please get in touch now. To find out more about this role please call Laura Kirby at Hanson Search on **** **** **** or email laura.kirbyhansonsearch.com . Not for you? Recommend a friend and you could be eligible for our referral reward scheme. We can only respond to those people who are successful at application stage, but all details we be held on file and Hanson Search will contact you in the future if we have a suitable position. Hanson Search encourages applicants from all ages backgrounds. Selection is based on merit alone, but candidate must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the advertised country. Hanson Search specialists in PR and strategic communications recruitment. With specialists in Consumer, Corporate, Financial, Healthcare and Pharmaceutical, Public Sector, Technology, Digital and Public Affairs. Serving the UK, European and International markets, for agency and inhouse; freelance and permanent work. REC accredited.