Title: Senior Insight Analyst – SAS Base  London
Webindex: 71225331
Company: Blue Pelican
Description: We’re recruiting for a number of Senior Insight Analysts to join a growing online business who are getting serious with their customer data. If you’re looking for an opportunity to make your mark, this is going to be one to consider. The business has overhauled the way they capture and store their data with the build of a new warehousing and data management capability. These roles will be around how that information is analysed, modelled and manipulated in an effort to answer key business challenges through identifying and commercialising key insight held within that data. The function is recently established but is part of a high profile consumer centric company who have tens of millions of customers and are a clear market leader within their sector. Where these roles sit are within the insight and analysis teams. Reporting to one of the divisional heads, they’re looking to appoint a number of senior analysts within this division who will all hold roles which are a mixture of business facing as well as hands on analysis work. This is where you hopefully come in… Their primary analysis tool is SAS, and they’re using the latest version of the tool. It’s not important for you to have experience of the same version, but you should have a really solid understanding of how to apply the use of SAS Base to carry out a range of analysis techniques, working large, complex volumes of customer data. Your job will be to become the customer champion through the identification and application of insight. Working with various business stakeholders from across marketing, finance, sales, etc, you will need to understand challenges they’re facing, turning these into analysis projects to identify the undeniable truth held within the data itself. However you also need to have the commercial sense to understand what that insight means to the business… translating it into a compelling story based on sound commercial understanding giving the business answers to the ‘so what?’ questions you will no receive, as insight is only as useful as the action which comes from it. Your role will be around 30% business interfacing, working with stakeholders across the marketing, sales, finance and other divisions, taking often ambiguous business problems, refining them into intelligent questions which can be translated into analysis projects. Once you’ve found the answers, you will be presenting these back to the business to take action upon. The rest of your time you will be either carrying out the analysis work itself, or helping oversee more junior analysts in a mentoring capacity. If you would like to know more, get in touch today and we will be happy to help. Role: Senior Insight Analyst – SAS Base Location: London – close to the West End Salary: **** to **** basic Benefits: 20% bonus and comprehensive benefits package including pension, healthcare, life assurance, etc. Experience Required:  Highly numerate, preferably demonstrated through academics  Must have experience working as an analyst in a consumer centric environment  Previous experience owning complex analysis work and delivering with a high degree of autonomy  Very strong hands on knowledge of SAS Base  Commercially savvy, able to clearly link together the business problems with analysis work, arriving at a point of insight  Comfortable working with large, complex data sets  Good communication skills, as you will be articulating the findings of your analysis to nontechnical teams.  Must have the necessary visas to live and work in the UK TO APPLY For further information please contact: Colin Doree Managing Consultant  Blue Pelican Marketing [blocked] colin.doreebluepelican.com You can view all our vacancies on our web site www.bluepelican.com, or call [blocked] and ask for the marketing division.