Title: Account Handling Recruiter  Blue Skies Richmond
Webindex: 69247912
Company: BLUE SKIES
Description: Blue Skies Richmond are looking to add to their highly successful Account Handling division and are keen to hear from Account Handlers looking for a new challenge. A career in marketing recruitment provides a great opportunity where you are still immersed in the Agency world, utilising existing knowledge and skill set whilst learning some new ones along the way and can be extremely financially rewarding. We had a hugely successful 2012 at Blue Skies. Our enviable reputation in the Agency world of 14 years has put us in a great position and year on year we have increased our market presence developing existing client/candidate relationships and developing some great new ones. Not one to sit on our laurels, we are looking to further improve in 2013 (we're an ambitious bunch)and are looking to continue to expand the Agency side of the Richmond office this year and have opportunities within our Design and Branding and Exp/SP/Events Account Handling teams. Moving from the agency world into recruitment is a welltrodden path and a excellent way to use your skills and passion for the marketing world in a new environment. We have a number of employees who have made the transition and have been with us for a number of years and are extremely successful. We offer full training to develop the core recruitment skill set but we`re really seeking agency people with a passion for service and specialist sector knowledge. No one day is ever the same and really does keep you on your toes. Plus, the monetary rewards and job satisfaction can be fantastic . At Blue Skies we work hard but also look after our people too. Our people are a mix of experience recruiters and marketing professionals. Our Benefits include a qtrly bonus, fully expensed IPhone, one ****  4 flexi day per week and we've got a great bunch of people in our Richmond office. If you would like to find out more about the opportunities at Blue Skies please send me Rachel your CV via the application button in the first instance. Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment specialises in marketing jobs across Creative, PR, Clientside, Account Handling and Executive. We offer unrivalled opportunities across all specialisms and industry sectors, presenting you with only the best marketing jobs. Although we try to respond to all applications, the high number we receive means this isn`t always possible. If you have not heard from us within **** hours, please assume that your application has not been successful. For more information, visit www.blueskiescareers.co.uk and we`ll make sure we do our best to find you the perfect marketing role.