Title: Email Web Content Manager
Webindex: 69670455
Company: Rocking Zebra Limited
Description: Rocking Zebra Recruitment  Marketing jobs Email Web Content Manager Oxford  to attract the best As Email Web Content Manager you will manage the company s global email marketing programme and web content across multiple different geographies. This role will work closely with the CRM manager and Senior online manager to enhance the email lifecycle and optimise onsite consumer experience. This role will be accountable for analysing and reporting on all email activity across geographies each month whilst meeting, and aiming to exceed, the set sales targets. You will ensure that all geographies are performing to budget and optimising incremental activity across those geographies where appropriate. Briefing assets to the design team, building the campaigns within the CMS tool and deployment along with implementation and creation of lifecycle campaigns for multichannel and web only customers. Working closely with the CRM manager to ensure understanding of consumer trends by region and plan accordingly whilst taking into consideration macro economics and cultural expectations. Working in conjunction with the Web Content Assistant to fully delivery all site content, promotions and the development plan on time and in budget and Adhoc marketing activities contributing towards Ecommerce KPIs with the Senior Online Marketing Manager. Key Responsibilities  Responsible for managing, driving and executing the email strategy globally, paying close attention to localisation.  Working with Senior Online Marketing Manager to devise tactical campaigns and testing plans to enhance programmes. This includes the email address acquisition strategy.  Responsible for managing the external email service provider, attending regular face to face meetings and ensuing constant optimisation of campaigns to leverage best practice international standards.  Working closely with the Web content assistant you will be responsible for the timely delivery of promotional content to the website, including new product releases, bespoke landing pages and any additional added value content.  Responsible for the delivery of email marketing activity to meet CRM objectives, sales targets, optimise spend budgets, maximise ROI and increase consumer awareness of the brand/product portfolio.  Responsible for weekly reporting my channel, running reports and loading into tracking documents. The Candidate To be considered for this you will have a sophisticated understanding of all aspects of email and web content marketing in an international environment. Ideally, you will be from a FMCG background. You not only have a good understanding of all aspects of email marketing, but also in the importance of a customer journey once they reach the ecommerce site. You will have proven experience in working in a fast paced environment and meeting demanding sales targets. With either agency of client side experience you will have experience of running international campaigns. The ability to Ability to understand multicultural marketing and have a keen interest in macro economics globally with a track record of analysing email trends, opportunities and providing and implementing recommendations to improve campaigns, results and sales. If you feel that this is the type of role that you are looking for please send your CV to the team at looking****rockingzebra.com For additional marketing jobs, please click on the quick links on our homepage at URL removed