Title: PR Account Manager  Private Healthcare clients
Webindex: 68751646
Company: Fresh Connect Recruitment
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for a polished and experienced Account Manager to join an excellent boutique PR agency which focuses on working with Private Healthcare clients such as private hospitals, healthcare organisations, nonprofits and other entities. This agency is searching for a new team member who is creative, strategic and resourceful and who can keep existing clients smiling. In this position you will be responsible for the strategic direction of Private Healthcare accounts and lead across a portfolio of client programmes.You will be expected to perform well and manage client accounts to consistently high levels. Key aspects of this position include: Maintaining and developing contact lists with journalists and other media representatives Conducting media relations work Managing issues and being reactive and proactive Developing new business opportunities Managing accounts and reporting to clients Fostering and maintaining relationships with key clients and partners Organising and developing events for product/service launches and media activities Working with advocacy and patient groups in order to build coordination and relationships Managing budgets for accounts and ensuring deadlines are met Presenting and producing press materials alongside information for the web and promo videos Identifying and taking advantage of trends and offering insights which benefit clients and the agency The ideal candidate will have exceptional communications skills and a talent for leading when it comes to PR strategy. Good teamplaying skills as well as distinguished interpersonal and leadership skills are essential for this senior level position. This agency is happy to consider candidates with agency or inhouse PR experience as long as they have a thorough understanding of the private healthcare sector. This company offers a fantastic salary and an environment which will ensure that you flourish. The agency is small but growing quickly so a real opportunity exists for someone with confidence and a 'can do attitude' to gain good solid experience and help build and develop a relatively new company. For this and similar vacancies, please contact Gary Hoult on **** **** **** or email garyfreshconnect.co.uk Account Manager, Senior Account Manager, Senior Account Executive, Private Healthcare PR, Public Relations agency, Private Healthcare Communications, London. Account Manager, Senior Account Manager, Senior Account Executive, Private Healthcare PR, Public Relations agency, Private Healthcare Communications, London.