Title: Online Marketing and Sales Support
Webindex: 70172103
Company: Grad Central
Description: We have a great opportunity for a Internet Marketing to join our client based in Lichfield, Staffordshire. As one of the Midlands premier building merchants suppliers, our client is looking for an individual to assist with their online marketing strategy as well as provide sales support. Role: Online Marketing and Sales Support Location: Lichfield, Staffordshire Salary: ****  **** Our client is seeking a highly skilled, creative and technically gifted individual who has a keen interest in creative internet/online marketing and knowledge of social media platforms, as well SEO knowledge. Key tasks and responsibilities of the Online Marketing side of the role include: Editing and optimising content from various websites to improve Google rankings Using data from various online tools, including Google Analytics to flag areas on various websites that can be further improved and optimised Administration and maintenance of multiple Social Media profiles, including Facebook and Twitter, representing different group brands Using uptodate, industry specific content to write on Blogs Extracting current relevant industry topics and writing content rich articles and submitting these to various online article and PR sites Video work to assist with creating informative reviews of various products Offline marketing activity to include bulk text campaigns, mail shot, flyer design and creation The Sales Support side of the role involves such tasks as: Contacting various supplier manufacturers and complementary businesses to secure links to our different company websites Contacting online customers as an after sales service to build up positive customer reviews Assist with any sales support as required The successful candidate will ideally be educated to degree or equivalent level qualification in Marketing or a Business related degree. This role would suit candidates with an interest in creative marketing and must have both good verbal and written communication. The successful candidate will have the Ability to understand, create and maintain profiles on various social media platforms. You will be a confident and driven character with the determination to learn and develop within the role. Grad Central is a new service aimed at matching the best graduates with companies across the West Midlands and is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. If you have not previously registered on the Grad Central website, by applying for this role you agree to be automatically added to our database of job seekers. You will be issued with login details to your own Grad Central account where you can update your profile with your job preferences, set up job alerts and access our bank of helpful job hunting information. If you do not wish us to hold onto your details you can delete your profile from our database by logging in and following the relevant options. We do not pass on any information to third parties. Please refer to our website for our full terms and conditions