Title: Channel Marketing Specialist  Polish speaker
Webindex: 68684290
Company: Jenrick Commercial
Description: Polish Channel Marketing Specialist Polish Language speaker Sunbury  ****k  up to 12 months maternity cover contract A Channel Marketing Specialist with fluent Polish is required for a large technology company based in Sunbury. This is a maternity cover contract lasting up to 12 months. The Channel Marketing Specialist is responsible for the planning, organisation and execution of Regional Channel Marketing programmes in the Poland, Czech Republic and Slovakia area. The successful candidate will be fluent to business level in Polish and English (an additional European Language would also be advantageous). It is essential that you have specific IT experience dealing with partners and understanding of the channel. The main responsibilities are:  Planning and execution of channel marketing activities in nominated regions.  Liaison with country managers and Field Sales for planning and communication of these marketing activities.  Management of regional channel marketing budget, administration of marketing requests and invoices.  Participation, as a member of the European Channel Marketing Team, in the development and delivery of projects as directed, ensuring representation of local needs.  Deal with ongoing/ad hoc enquiries from Distributors/Dealers/Salespeople.  Proactively engage with regional channel partners and Field Sales to drive marketing activity supporting business and strategic marketing objectives.  Communication of marketing information to channel partners and ensure use and penetration of all appropriate marketing tools and programmes.  Preparation of channel events, promotions and other campaigns in the region liaising with other members of the European Marketing team where appropriate.  Communication with internal and external customers about activities, actions and programmes and coordination of activity with these teams as appropriate. The ideal candidate will be educated to degree level, be fluent in English and Polish to business standards  both verbal and written. You will also have strong IT channel marketing experience and be able to hit the ground running, becoming fully functional in a short space of time. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ChannelMarketingSpecialistPolishspeaker_job****