Title: Midweight Designer/Artworker
Webindex: 70088035
Company: become
Description: Become Established Small but perfectly formed design agency based in Essex requires an experienced Designer/Creative Artworker to join them as they follow up a successful 2012 with a very strong start in 2013. This exciting role in a small, but creative team, will suit a talented and enthusiastic middleweight with an eye for design. The role itself is predominately an artworking position, working across various marketing, events and conference materials in various mediums for a number of global blue chips. This is a great opportunity if you are Essex based and don t fancy the commute into London each day. You will be joining a successful and growing business, an organisation that will give you autonomy to bring your creative flair to the role and give you a platform to work with a number of successful global brands. Role: Working as part of a twoperson team dealing directly with clients in order to design and artwork a large variety of printed and digital marketing and conference events materials. You will have the responsibility of working on projects from initial brief to job completion which includes image searching, artworking all project elements to brand from existing templates, updating of artwork with amendments, print quoting and time management of deadlines with external contacts and clients, preparing files for print and signing off proofs. The candidate must enjoy and thrive on working on multiple projects and artworking to existing templates within various company strict brand guidelines. A willingness to learn and follow the companies working procedures and to develop designs creatively within guidelines is essential for this role. Skills: Quick and accurate artworking/typesetting of templates within strict brand guidelines essential as this is the main responsibility of this position. Corporate design background and/or experience of working to extensive guidelines and brand styles. Excellent working knowledge of Creative Suite packages (InDesign especially plus Photoshop, Illustrator, Flash, Acrobat). The ability to design templates and forms in Microsoft Word would be advantageous. Ability to work well under pressure on multiple projects simultaneously to tight deadlines. Confident verbal and written communications skills. Excellent project and personal time management and organisational skills. Working as part of a team is important as is the ability to work unsupervised. Able to prepare artwork ready for print plus a full understanding of small and large format digital and lithographic print. Be able to produce creative solutions for bespoke high end marketing and event materials.