Title: MARKETING MANAGER  MARKETING EXECUTIVE WANTS NEXT STEP?
Webindex: 72454509
Company: ACME Appointments
Description: Marketing Manager (or Senior Marketing Executive looking for that next step), ideally with retail or leisure (but B****C essential), is needed for an exciting role for one of Scotland's leading consumer firms in their Aberdeen HQ. This is a B****C Marketing Manager role that is events led  but you must have solid experience managing and planning the full marketing mix  ideally within retail, leisure or fashion environments. This would be a great opportunity for a B****C Senior Marketing Executive to take that next step in their career in Aberdeen. This Marketing Manager will cover all aspects of communication, marketing, PR and events management. A key component to the role is to enhance the brand and overall profitability by ensuring that the brand values and integrity are maintained in all executions to the highest standard with success demonstrated in the achievement of targets for trading performance and other business plan objectives. The Aberdeen based Marketing Manager will support the Marketing Director in achieving strategic marketing plan through:  Delivering a calendar of marketing campaigns and events  all B****C  Evaluating the success of marketing and PR campaigns incorporating these into the strategic planning process as part of a cycle of continuous improvement  Identify new opportunities to improve performance and developing strategies for delivery  Manage the Marketing budget  Provide effective leadership to a small team  Plan implement communication, including media buying, advertising, PR, direct mail Emarketing and website management.  Review performance and provide tactical marketing support to drive uptake  Undertake surveys and analysis to evaluate marketing campaigns  Ownership of the CRM Strategy including a customer focussed events programme  Undertake customer surveys and analysis to better understand the customer profile This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced Marketing Manager or Senior Marketing Executive looking for that next step with retail or leisure within a vibrant and exciting B****C environment in Aberdeen. Due to the number of responses we receive to our advertisements we are unable to respond individually to each application. If you do not hear from us within 7 days you may assume you have not been selected this time  but you are welcome to apply for any future vacancy you feel you are suitable for. Thank you for your interest in Acme Appointments. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MARKETINGMANAGERMARKETINGEXECUTIVEWANTSNEXTSTEP_job****