Title: Principal Medical Writer  Medical Communications
Webindex: 69139866
Company: Fresh Connect
Description: An awardwinning Medical Communications agency which has a great reputation within the industry has a brand new opening for a polished and professional Principal Medical Writer. The successful candidate will join their hugely successful team based in London. The person taking on this position will be responsible for producing a variety of high quality medical and scientific materials. Main areas of focus in this role include medical writing and editing along with the delivery of scientific content. The role also involves acting as a lead writer for one or more major accounts and taking briefs directly from clients. Additionally, this is a client services position so it requires work such as liaising with clients routinely, by email, telephone and in person, responding promptly to client requests, understanding the medical and marketing issues relating to clients, products and therapy areas and also understanding the role that medical education plays in the client s business environment. To be eligible for this position you must also have a good science or medical degree. Experience, particularly within an International Medical Communications agency is highly desired, along with a clear enthusiasm for communicating scientific ideas. You must possess a demonstrable indepth scientific/medical understanding as well as a keen eye for detail. The right candidate will have the ability to write accurately, clearly and concisely. This fantastic role will see the successful candidate developing their career amongst leading experts in the pharmaceutical industry. To be considered for this position it is vital that you have a medical sciences, life sciences or related degree or a PHD and a strong track record in a similar role. To take advantage of this phenomenal opportunity, please apply today For this and similar vacancies, please contact Gary Hoult on **** **** **** or email garyfreshconnect.co.uk Principal Medical Writer, Senior Medical Writer, Lead Writer, Medical Communications, Med Comms, Medical Education, Med Ed, Pharma, Pharmaceuticals, London. Principal Writer, Senior Medical Writer, Lead Writer, Medical Communications, Med Comms, Medical Education, Med Ed, Pharma, Pharmaceuticals, London. Closing Date: Application Information: gary.****freshconnect.aplitrak.com