Title: Account Manager  Wokingham
Webindex: 69023209
Company: BPS
Description: Account Manager  Wokingham  ****k The Company The company develops marketing and sales content for large multinational organisations primarily in the B2B arena. This content is utilised across digital, social and mobile communications channels. Communications are delivered through the companies own digital content delivery platform, bespoke web/mobile applications and all mainstream working independently under general supervision from the Client Services Director/Account Director. Their assignments are inclusive of operations and financial management elements. They are in daily contact with clients and teammembers, face to face, by phone and in writing. They are the representation of the company with the client and should present a confident, knowledgeable and smart image. Competencies Analysis / Problem assessment Communication Customer Service Focus Impact Meeting Facilitation / Meeting Leadership Negotiation Organisational Awareness Persuasiveness / Sales Ability Teamwork / Collaboration Work Standards Written Communication Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities Take total responsibility for the control of all work for your clients, ensuring its timely progress and that it achieves and exceeds the expectations of your clients. Ensure through efficient administration systems and close monitoring of suppliers that all jobs are carried out efficiently and to a high standard. Be confident in building relationships with clients. Maintain, and from time to time review operational procedures being used on your clients. Recommend and implement process improvement aligned to company goals. Review all jobs on completion both internally through assessment and externally in a client summary. Develop a central coordination role for your team providing accurate briefing and ensuring information is available when required by own team and other departments. Be aware of and monitor client s marketing activity and that of their competition, developing an understanding of market dynamics, and client/competitor strategies and objective. Develop campaign plans Develop creative briefs, utilising input from the client and appropriate team members Ensure that all accounting procedures are efficiently adhered to for your clients. Monitor accuracy of invoicing and payment of invoices by clients; maintain awareness of client expenditure month on month. Ensure profitability of projects. Provide accurate information for Account Director s or Client Services Director s forecasts each month. Anticipate and develop solutions to quality or cost problems. Seek out profit and new sales opportunities. Actively develop crossdepartment team spirit and involvement in your client s activities. Participate in client planning and development process. Keep senior members of the team informed of details likely to affect the Client relationship. Seek guidance of senior team or other personnel where appropriate. Demonstrate a growing understanding of all aspects of marketing. Participate in client presentations. Identify new business opportunities with existing and new clients. Train and mentor junior team members on daily tasks if required Such other comparable duties as may be required by the Company