Title: Communications Officer
Webindex: 66543262
Company: British Cycling Federation
Description: Opportunities with British Cycling Communications Officer Based in Manchester Salary up to ****k per annum British Cycling is the internationally recognised sports governing body for cycling in the UK and our continued growth is built on the successful delivery of results at elite level and a strong focus on developing the grass roots of our sport. It is an exciting place to be. S uccess at the highest level is stimulating a boom in participation across the nation . The recent triumph s of Bradley Wiggins and other British riders in the Tour de France and our medal achievements at the London 20**** Olympics and Paralympics , ha ve taken the sport in the UK to more and more people . There have never been more opportunities to ride a bike and together with its p artners, British Cycling is driving this growth. The Role This is a varied and exciting role involved in all aspects of corporate communications, including media relations, ecommunicatio n s, social media, internal communications, publications and events. Reporting to the Corporate Communications Manager, you will be responsible for supporting the work of the central communications team by providing editorial input, creative thinking, a range of writing outputs and planning and coordination of different projects. Interested? We are looking for a degree  educated, creative and organised individual with strong interpersonal skills and the ability to develop good relationships at all levels . You will have experience of successfully planning and delivering corporate communication s and a good understanding of the importance of an effective relationship between the media and an inhouse communications team. The ideal candidate will also have experience of social media . A passion for and an understanding of cycl e sport would also be desirable. All employees are provided with Gold Membership of British Cycling. Our hours of work are **** per week, although weekend and evening work will sometimes be required. Membership of the pension scheme is offered on completion of six months service. British Cycling also operates a salary sacrifice Childcare Voucher Scheme and a Cycle to Work Scheme. British Cycling is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sectors of society. British Cycling is accredited to the Equality Standard for Sport Intermediate level. Any appointment will be made on merit alone. To apply for this position, please visit the main “Vacancies” page at to download a full job description and standard application form . Completed applications should be emailed to: or post ed to: British Cycling, National Cycling Centre, Stuart St, Manchester M11 ****DQ. Closing Date for Applications is 12 noon on Friday, **** th January 2013 Interview schedule to be confirmed