Title: Senior Business Field Sales
Webindex: 69806450
Company: Classic Consulting uk limited
Description: Our client is looking for a key member for their Business Impact Team. Duties would include managing accounts and delivering projects on their largest client. The vast majority of projects are delivered on a global scale and the candidate would be expected to travel internationally on a regular basis. Every day will be varied, exciting and fastpaced and could include a combination of a number of the below tasks:  Creation, cocreation and evolution of client social business strategies.  Presenting strategy progress, social business training and social media insight projects in London, Brussels, Paris or Madrid.  Client management including liaison with key stakeholders, managing client meetings, delivering high impact presentations.  Training management and delivery including training design, managing the training process and feedback loop, delivering elearning projects.  Project management including scoping projects, writing briefs, creating and managing project plans, managing resource, process, cost and timeline management.  Pitch management  an integral part of the pitch team, you would work with our MD to secure new business including stakeholder management, pitch process management and delivery of content.  Keeping up to date with the latest Social Business trends and writing about them from the company and your own perspective.  Being a vibrant part of the digital industry in Brighton and beyond… Our Client is looking candidates that may work in digital. Definitely love social media, have an instinctive understanding of the evolving business landscape. Are bright, highly organised can work with a high degree of autonomy. Want to work within an agency/consultancy where their voice is heard their your work is valued and not just be another cog in the machine. Pposses a commercial understanding of how their clients work, have exacting standards and exceptional attention to detail. Want to work where they can make a mark and have their talents recognised. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorBusinessFieldSales_job****