Title: PR Account Executive  Consumer PR
Webindex: 69804147
Company: Fresh Connect Recruitment
Description: A leading Public Relations agency is looking for a talented Account Executive to join their lively Consumer PR team based in London. This is a great opportunity for a highlyorganised and passionate individual to work across some exciting and innovative brands within the consumer sector. This role requires you to deal with consumer journalists on a daily basis and you will need to build strong professional relationships with them and other useful industry contacts. You will also need to have a good knowledge of media and PR techniques which will enable you to secure coverage for clients. Additionally, you must also have a tenacious and open approach to professional development. In order to be considered you must be:  Able to service clients effectively  An excellent writer  Able to build strong relationships quickly, particular with media professionals  Hard working and dedicated to furthering the progress of client projects  Good at contributing to client proposals and pitches (and a strong presenter)  Able to juggle responsibilities  Knowledgeable about business, technology and consumer media  A quick learner with plenty of ambition and drive To be considered, you will need to be a real teamplayer with excellent communication and client consultation skills. You will also vitally have relevant Consumer PR experience, earned by working within an agency setting. Experience and contacts in this sector would also be advantageous. They're looking for someone who has the following attributes:  An enthusiastic and proactive approach to work  The ability to solve problems  Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to build strong relationships  A natural focus on delivering high quality work on deadline and budget  Proven PR skills Join this leading, innovative agency and rapidly progress your career today. Apply now For this and similar vacancies, please contact Julia Fenwick on **** **** **** or email juliafreshconnect.co.uk Account Executive, Senior Account Executive, Junior Account Manager, Consumer PR, PR, Public Relations, Public Relations agency, London. Account Executive, Senior Account Executive, Junior Account Manager, Consumer PR, PR, Public Relations, Public Relations agency, London. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PRAccountExecutiveConsumerPR_job****