Title: Account Director – BTL / Promotional & Retail  Superb Agency FMCG brands
Webindex: 72464811
Company: Fill Recruitment Ltd
Description: Account Director BTL / Promotional Retail  Superb Agency FMCG brands  ****k  ****k, pending experience This top London agency, need a strong Account Director to join their team working on a leading FMCG account  a new win The agency are on a roll with new client wins and have longstanding relationships with many of their existing clients, both locally and globally so it's a great time for an Account Director to join not only this team, but this agency. You'll be part of an ambitious team of Account Handlers and Creatives who truly believe in their work and this new vision. The agency further believe that Account Directors and all People should be trained, invested in, and progress throughout  as they're part of the future life blood of the agency and the Agency in fact, win awards for employee development. The Account Director role includes strong FMCG experience  including POS, promotional marketing, partnership marketing, retail understanding and the Account Director role requires strong all round BTL skills. This agency believe in creating brilliant ideas and delivering them faultlessly  so they also look to all Account Handlers to participate in this creative planning execution. As Account Director in this role, you'll need to show strong leadership, strategic skills and client relationship building strengths. Not to mention  a passion for delivery and the ability to inspire your team. And as Account Director, you'll need to have at least **** year experience in the Account Director role  combined with solid promotional and BTL skills. Account Director Requirement : experience of big FMCG brands, integrated campaigns organised, diligent solid sales promotion skills POS experience  ideally within retail digital understanding and experience enthusiastic and ambitious great team player, proven track record with relationship building  internally and externally Account Director Role : The Account Director will report into the Senior Account Director, with an Account Management Team below to support You'll quickly become the primary/lead on this leading FMCG client The Account Director will have exceptional leadership skills both internally and externally  leading their team and building trust respect with the client Key disciplines the Account Director will work on include: Sales promotion Instore POS Partnership marketing Digital marketing In addition to a competitive salary there is also a company bonus scheme and excellent 'soft' benefits  as well as a strong social scene. This is a fantastic opportunity for a driven Account Director to join a wellestablished agency. If you're an ambitious, creative and motivated Account Director  this could be the role for you. And if you're an Account Director who wants to work in a fun and challenging environment then please get in touch today  quoting MG**** Account Handlers are very well taken care of at this agency  and within this team, as Account Director, you have the chance to thrive  leading, inspiring and motivating. This really is a brilliant role, on a brilliant team  for a superb Account Director who wants to make their mark on a growing client at a top agency. To apply for this role click 'Apply' as below. If this role is not what you re looking for, then don t worry. At Fill Recruitment we specialise in all agency positions. We are currently recruiting for account handlers at Account Manager, Senior Account Manager and Group Account Director levels. If you would like to find out more please visit our website: www.fillrecruitment.com or try http://jobs.brandrepublic.com/employer/****/fillrecruitmentltd/