Title: EVENTS MANAGER  WITH FUNDRAISING EXPERIENCE
Webindex: 69865265
Company: Regan Dean
Description: The Company London education establishment with an active and exciting events calendar. A great place to work, with the opportunity to take responsibility for varied events with creative input. The Role This is a short term contract to plan the logistics for events throughout the year. The role may also include organisation of meetings and activities. You will report to the Head of Sales and Marketing to define event objectives and work with internal and external event planning sources to plan functions. A key objective within this contract is to implement a system for future event planning and management. You will utilise the marketing team to acquire sponsorship arrangements and identify potential revenue streams for all major events and promote the organisational brand. Tasks to include:  Prepare and maintain budgets and make recommendations against projected spending.  Source venues, recommend suppliers, acquire supporting technology and coordinate the development of materials to implement the event.  Conduct, research and develop to identify new event opportunities.  Delegating, assigning tasks and allocating staff schedules. About You You will have proven successful experience, solely planning and managing events, particularly with fundraising elements. A commercially minded project manager who is able to build relationships with key stakeholders and ensure objectives are met. You will be a confident negotiator when liaising with external service providers and subcontractors. Excellent reasoning, decision making, and problem solving skills are crucial in this position. Essential  Successful fundraising experience  Sponsorship, sales, advertising, or marketing experience  Strong organisational and administrative skills  Confident public speaking  Proficiency with MS Office  Excellent attention to detail If you are immediately available and meet the requirements above, click the 'Apply Now' button to be considered for this position.