Title: Head of Digital Marketing / ECommerce
Webindex: 68086541
Company: Best Western Hotels
Description: A fantastic opportunity for a senior digital marketing professional to lead our eCommerce Team, maximising online acquisition and revenue. As a leader in digital solutions you will ensure that the Best Western brand proposition (“Hotels with Personality”) is effectively supported through all digital channels and you will make a real commercial difference to our member hotels. You will be strategically minded and inspirational, leading the eCommerce Team to optimise conversion rates through cuttingedge web design, user experience, A/B and multivariant testing. You will also be the driving force within Best Western for the exploration and adoption of new technologies, and innovation in the digital arena. This will include working with Best Western International and Best Western affiliates in the development and implementation of online products and business initiatives. To be successful in this role you will be: A digital native with strong IT literacy and excellent digital marketing skills Commercially astute and able to demonstrate a track record of revenue and customer acquisition achievements An inspirational leader, able to lead our professional eCommerce Team A professional communicator, able to build effective working relationships at all levels, with colleagues, customers and partners Financially savvy  as you will be responsible for managing our digital marketing budget We offer a competitive salary and a range of benefits including company bonus, pension, life assurance, income protection, employee discounts and 26 days holiday (rising to 31 days with service). We also offer career and learning opportunities to help you fulfil your potential. Best Western Hotels GB “Hotels with Personality” are the largest group of independently owned and managed hotels in the World. We are part of Interchange Consort Hotels, which also incorporates Beacon, specialist providers of purchasing, consultancy and advisory services to over **** customers in the hospitality, leisure and healthcare industries. Recognised as a Best Companies 'One Star' employer, we think we have a fantastic, friendly and fun working environment, and we are committed to being a great place to work. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadofDigitalMarketingECommerce_job****