Title: Sales and Marketing Executive  London
Webindex: 68552765
Company: Hi Calibre International
Description: Salary: &pound**** base plus bonusDuration: Sales and Marketing Executive  EMEA Location: London Job Description: Our client is seeking a Sales and Marketing Executive who will be a key member of the European team, linking their global marketing strategy to tactical delivery success within the EMEA operations. Working directly with the EMEA Sales and Marketing Director and the Global marketing team based in the USA, you will help deliver the vision and growth planned for the business. The role requires an understanding of B2B channel sales and marketing. You will be an energetic and business minded individual who can take direction but is also inventive, proactive and able to act independently. Responsibilities: The successful candidate will be responsible for developing and executing regional sales/marketing campaigns that drive their growth and promote clients brand awareness throughout EMEA. You will be responsible for ensuring EMEA follows the global marketing strategy and to offer regional insights. Essential Requirements: Liaison and networking with a range of stakeholders including customers, colleagues, suppliers and partner organisations. Manage the production and effective distribution of sales materials, including leaflets, posters, flyers, newsletters, and enewsletters. Proofread copy, organise photoshoots and maintain good working relationships with designers and printers. Maintain and use customer databases for campaigns. Experience of Salesforce advantageous. Proposal / Tender coordination and production. Track the effectiveness of all activities Organise events such as conferences, seminars, receptions and exhibitions. Assist in conducting market research including customer questionnaires and focus groups. Fully support the Sales Team. Ensure the global marketing goals are achieved and brand guidelines are adhered to consistently. Education/Experience: &nbspEducated to degree level, marketing or business discipline preferred. Up to two years experience of delivering effective sales initiatives in a B2B environment preferred, although candidates with outstanding B2C experience will be considered. Welldeveloped PC skills essential. Strong communications skills essential. This is an excellent opportunity join an exciting expanding organisation. &nbsp PLEASE APPLY NOW