Title: Content Producer
Webindex: 69858051
Company: Cake
Description: CONTENT PRODUCER Who We Are Cake is a creative agency for the earned media age. We are an ideas company that helps brands become part of peoples lives. We call this ideas incorporated. It is about thinking of consumers as people, not targets, and turning them into fans. Clients include Sony, EE, IKEA, Carphone Warehouse, Honda, Sky and many more. Who We Are Looking For We are looking for someone with determination, energy and an entrepreneurial spirit to join our team. This person would sit within creative and report to Cake s Creative Director. Content Producers are the orchestrators of all of our branded content output and will run large content projects from brief to delivery. They act as the hub of the process, motivating talent, nurturing great ideas, making it happen and ensuring profitability for Cake. They are also an integral part of client relationships and would be expected to have good client management skills. Job Responsibilities Oversee the production of content for Cake and its clients Content would include, an app (mobile or facebook,) a film (online or offline,) photoshoot, an illustration, a piece of design work and short or long content Ensure ideas are fuelled by technological innovation and with an excellent understanding of the digital and social media landscape Organisation and project management skills, overseeing digital builds, photoshoots, film shoots, edits Motivating agency talent by providing the right stimulus and context for ideas to be generated and developed Motivating existing and sourcing new suppliers and external talent Budgeting and financial control Qualifications At least **** years professional experience, preferably in an agency setting Good technical skills and knowledge of photography, film, video and digital production Excellent understanding of emerging platforms Excellent project management skills and defining the scope and requirements for Cake and managing expectations on delivery Persuasive and influential client leadership skills Strong project management skills Spotting and developing great content ideas Ability to lead a team to produce great work through motivation and collaboration Ability to successfully work with suppliers and agencies Salary and benefits ****  **** 25 days holiday Free breakfast Rewards for introducing clients and new staff Buy and sell holiday (sell up to 7 days buy unlimited holiday) Subsidised gym membership Bike to work scheme 3 month sabbatical after 2 years at Cake Travel loan For further information and to apply online please click on the Apply Now button