Title: SEO Apprentice Analyst (Spanish Speaking)
Webindex: 69025482
Description: We have an exciting opportunity for a SEO Apprentice Analyst (Spanish speaking) to join our team in Brighton paying between ****  **** Do you love innovative digital marketing environments? Would you like to help some of the world’s biggest companies bring their brands to life in search and social media spaces including Google, Yahoo MySpace and , in a fastpaced, awardwinning agency? Then become a SEO Apprentice Analyst at iCrossing iCrossing UK is a digital marketing agency specialising in data driven strategies to build connected brands. The company blends bestinclass digital marketing services — including paid media, search engine optimisation, creative, Web development, social media, UX, research and analytics — to create integrated digital marketing programmes that engage consumers and drive ROI. iCrossing UK’s client base includes such recognized brands as The CocaCola Company, LG Electronics, The LEGO Group, Heathrow and M&S Money. The SEO Apprentice Analyst role is an excellent opportunity for someone who is looking to start their career in SEO. SEO Apprentice Analyst (Spanish Speaking)  The Role: As a SEO Apprentice Analyst you will research and map online communities, identify and approach websites for advertising opportunities in order to increase brand visibility and reputation of a wide portfolio of bluechip clients. You will be a lateral thinker, with good written skills and a meticulous eye for detail. Most importantly you will be passionate about the internet. SEO Apprentice Analyst (Spanish Speaking)  Skills, knowledge and experience:  Fluent in Spanish (native language level)  Knowledge of search engine marketing techniques preferred but not essential.  Ability to coordinate a wide range of tasks within your project scope.  Ability to cope with competing demands and to prioritise tasks.  Excellent time management.  Ability to use MS Word, Excel, web browser and email.  Knowledge of Website Build – HTML, W****C, DDA, Javascript, RSS, XML desired but not essential.  A positive attitude to dealing with people.  Capable of working independently and as part of the project team.  Capable of hands on problemsolving, with ability to generate ideas and solutions.  Strong listening and questioning skills. To apply for this exciting SEO Apprentice Analyst (Spanish Speaking) opportunity, please click “Apply” to send us your CV and cover letter