Title: Junior Strategic Planner  Healthcare Advertising
Webindex: 69806742
Company: Sam Small Recruitment
Description: This is a fantastic and rare opportunity to join a successful and awardwinning creative healthcare advertising agency based in central London as a Junior Strategic Planner. Opportunities like this rarely come along so don't miss this one if you have visions of transferring from an account management position into a planning role. Perhaps you come from the creative side (but enjoy the strategic part of your job) or you may come from a market research background and have gained some experience in qualitative research and involvement in researching advertising concepts and would like to pursue this aspect further. You should have a love and passion for the creative process and want to be involved in developing clear insights for the creative department as well as being happy to be involved in the day to day management of the planning role. You must be organised yet a creative thinker (not always easy to combine these skills). Are you an account executive who finds the most enjoyable part of the job being involved in the development of the ideas? Overview:  To deliver and manage the provision of research and insight across relevant markets, competitors and consumers in support of the strategy director.  To provide support for projects for current agency clients and new business activity.  To have a passion for and an appreciation of creative ideas in the marketing and business world. Key responsibilities  Follow the agency’s core principle: to have ideas that are ‘intelligent, engaging and humanly relevant’ and help colleagues have them too  Provide / conduct research in support of existing client work and new business opportunities  Manage external research suppliers and commission research work e.g. focus groups  Uncover relevant information and insight from a range of potential sources and develop research questionnaires and discussion guides  Interpret facts and figures and consolidate research and insights into presentation formats  Develop consumer, customer and market insights from research to inform agency briefs and add direction to the creative process  Contribute to agency briefing and “troika” sessions  Write tactical briefs. Contribute to and write up ignition briefs.  Present insights and briefs to clients and prospective clients in a clear and inspiring manner  Provide evaluation and measurement of campaigns, ensuring all results are captured and fed back into future activities  Ensure all material produced by the planning team is free of errors  Execute any actions required when they arise during the course of the project  At all times convey the professional image of the Company to clients and ensure the smooth handling of each project  Assist in the preparation of new business pitches (research etc.)  To effectively work with all internal departments to ensure excellent work is produced on brief, on time and within budget  To respond to, where possible, all reasonable requests from other employees for assistance in execution of company business If this appeals and you’d like to find out more about the role and the agency, then please send me your cv with a brief covering note outlining your suitability for the role – I look forward to hearing from you. Junior Planner, Strategic Planner, Account Executive, Account Manager, Market Research Executive, Creative Writer This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/JuniorStrategicPlannerHealthcareAdvertising_job****