Title: Front of House & Events Manager
Webindex: 68681339
Company: Bell Cornwall Associates
Description: Do you have a passion for delivering a first class service, whilst motivating your team to work to the same exceptional service levels? Has this experience been gained within a five star hospitality or corporate professional services environment? If so, we have been instructed on a fantastic opportunity for you to join a market leading business at their Head Office near Basingstoke and Reading. Our client is currently looking for a candidate to undertake a hands on Front of House and Events role which will entail overseeing the running of the company's reception, client hosting suites, and corporate events programme. The venue is an extensive facility capable of hosting events large and small and as diverse as conferences and fine dining. This will be an Assistant Management role, so we're looking for a candidate with proven fantastic leadership skills who will also be hands on with delivery of reception and events services. This experience will have a real focus on internal event and hospitality management (either in a corporate, hotel or conference facility settings), rather than purely external event management. On the front of house side you will be responsible for motivating the front of house team to deliver fantastic levels of service to clients, ensuring that communal areas are maintained to high visual standards, managing meeting room bookings efficiently, carrying out basic health and safety checks, and at all times ensuring first class communications between all team members and internal clients. On the Events side the role will have full project management responsibility including initial client meetings and show round, delegate management, all preevent preparation, onsite management of the events on the day, client feedback, and input in promoting the site's facilities to external parties. If you feel that you would be up to this challenge and can demonstrate the ability to organise and deliver first class events in a corporate setting whilst also managing daily front of house activities then this could be the ideal opportunity for you. If you feel you possess the required experience and are interested in pursuing this opportunity then please email a copy of your CV to gemmabellcornwall.co.uk . If you have any questions relating to this vacancy then please call Gemma Kuczora at Bell Cornwall Recruitment on **** **** BCR aim to get back to all applicants within **** hours. Please note that if you do not receive a response by this time then unfortunately you have been unsuccessful for this particular role. BCR have more fantastic opportunities for you Visit www.bellcornwall.co.uk follow BCR on Twitter LoveWorkBeHappy to view all of the latest jobs. BCR want to make finding a job that you will love as smooth sailing as possible. BCR now offer evening appointments to fit around your working life. Love Work Be Happy PA/Executive Assistants Secretarial Reception Administration Marketing IT HR Law Finance Customer Services Sales BELL CORNWALL RECRUITMENT (For the purposes of recruiting for this vacancy Bell Cornwall Recruitment is acting as a recruitment agency. Bell Cornwall Recruitment is an equal opportunities employer who welcomes applications from all age groups) This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FrontofHouseEventsManager_job****