Title:  Communications Executive (3 month contract) 
Webindex: 68379459
Description: My wellestablished client are looking for a Communications Executive to work a 3 month contract. They are a prestigious company based in Kent offering an intensive role to help with 'internal change'. You will work as part of a business change programme, to be an active member of the Communications & Engagement Workstream in the design, writing and delivery of tactical communications as required. Provide daytoday communications support to Group internal communications manager. Duties:  Receive and prioritise communications delivery requests from the change programme and supporting projects/workstreams.  Provide support to the change programme on tactical delivery of communications as agreed in the programme and project/workstream plans.  Assist with the design, development and production of both printed and online materials including, but not limited to, intranet updates, manager briefings and key stakeholder updates.  Check and edit content to ensure it conforms to house style in terms of branding and tone of voice.  Coordinate approval process for all agreed communications, involving relevant senior managers and Group internal communications manager.  Deliver the communication accurately and on time to correct target audiences.  Day to day management of the programme internal communication mailbox, including timely management/governance of responses.  Assist with the rollout of an integrated communications plan by helping with the identification and planning of supporting communications requirements and work with Group internal communications manager to ensure these are consistent and integrated with other business communications needs.  Plan and arrange communication road shows and other facetoface events as identified in the agreed communications plan. If you have the above skill set and you are looking for a shortterm contract (3 months, possibly longer but not guaranteed) apply now for more details. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk