Title: Entry Level  Account Exec  Media Planner
Webindex: 68348338
Company: Greene Media Network
Description: To support the Account Management Team on all aspects campaign and client delivery the companies International client base. This would include the support and delivery to enable integrated OOH communications comms planning. To make sure that our internal and external communications are on brand and on strategy and demonstrating the value that the agency adds to our clients and partners. To work with key individuals internally in sourcing and crafting appropriate materials that in turn support the Account Management Team on day to day aspects of client delivery. Key Accountabilities Support on day to day delivery on international client briefs and planning. Responsible for day to day task including: Contract preparation and maintenance. Collation of campaign monitoring and campaign installations. Formulation of campaign and client reviews. Design and formulation of market updates and newsletters to key clients. Renewal monitoring and maintenance. Research on new brief and new business. Compilation of Case Studies of other relevant topics within the Group and industry. Working with Local offices on International roadside briefs local market coordination. Work with central Territory Team on International and UK airport briefs. Work with Account Team and Marketing on competitive requests and quarterly delivery. Prepare and distribute new business opportunities and proactively drive new opportunities in themarket place. To assist in the creation of all support materials needed for events, conferences, pitches ensuring that they resonate with our brand values Proactive research updates for New Business, Industry Developments Innovation Ideas, including fresh thinking OCS runs, liasing with Insight Director. Maintenance and upkeep of PSI client extranets. Personal Specification A proactive, cando, approachable attitude. Excellent written and verbal communication skills  articulate, flexible, creative, exact. Strong proofreading skills. Excellent organisational ability. Strong PowerPoint and Excel skills. Attention to detail. Numerate.