Title: Design & Marketing Assistant (Brand, Media, Campaigns) BLUD****
Webindex: 69539245
Description: Design Marketing Assistant (Brand, Media, Campaigns) BLUD****Newcastle Upon TyneExcellent Competitive Salary Our Client, have been established in the UK for over 40 years, supplying all sectors of the wall and floor tile market. They operate from their Group Headquarters in Newcastle upon Tyne covering the UK in Scotland, Northern England, Yorkshire Lancashire, South East and South West giving full geographical spread across the country. With a further **** strategically located trade centres and showrooms, they offer an unrivalled product portfolio and delivery service. Working with a broad base of local and national clients keeps us focused on the needs of our customers, and changes in design and demand. An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Design Marketing Assistant based in their Newcastle branch. Reporting directly to the Group Marketing Manager, your focus will primarily be on delivering cost effective marketing material/campaigns to deadlines. You must be able to thrive on new challenges. You will assist the Group Marketing Manager in maintaining good supplier relations, through direct liaison with all key contacts on day to day issues. You would actively progress current projects and initiatives from start to finish, recommend or take action to resolve difficulties, assist in the preparation and analysis of data and work with emarketing campaigns to drive internet sales. Although the post is mainly office based there will be a requirement to travel around the business promoting, training and gathering marketing requirements from regions and relaying the information back to the Marketing Team. Working on new innovative design ideas you will promote our Client s brand, signage internal and external, POS, Literature. Provide all necessary marketing and sales information to branches and field sales to assist in meeting customer needs. A flair for design is essential as is fluency in InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, all Microsoft Office Packages, especially Power Point. A full clean driving licence is a must. The ideal candidate must have excellent analytical, communication and customer service skills, be able to work on their own initiative. You would be required to undertake various administrative duties. A selfstarter, flair, drive and ambition are personal traits associated with this role. This is a Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd vacancy who are operating as an employment agency. Once you have clicked to apply for this vacancy, we will then send you more information on the role including a copy of the application form via email.