Title: Account / Project Manager  Inspiring Media Solutions
Webindex: 68672476
Company: Certus Sales
Description: Account / Project Manager – Inspiring Media Solutions London ****k plus Great Benefits Our client is a leading ‘out of home’ media agency that works with many of the worlds leading brands to deliver the most incredible, relevant and spectacular advertising campaigns. Through helping brands push the boundaries of how physical media, arts, science, nature and technology can be used or combined to build value, our award winning client has developed an envied reputation on a global scale. Due to growth, they now have an immediate opening for an Account / Project Manager to join their expanding team. As an Account / Project Manager you will join an enthusiastic and growing team and take responsibility for sales performance, client meetings, taking briefs and project delivery. This involved role will cover a variety of vertical markets and cover numerous technologies and techniques. You will oversee and manage expectations, both internally and externally and lead the sales process through managing all incoming enquires through to closing business. Contact Certus Sales Recruitment for further information on this exciting role. The ideal candidate will possess a minimum of 3 years creative agency experience with wide knowledge of the media arena. You will be degree level educated, will certainly be a team player and will possess excellent communication and presentation skills with natural leadership abilities. You will possess a sales element, be confident, well presented and have a natural love for all things artistic. The successful candidate can expect an initial base salary of ****k dependent upon previous experience. Further benefits will also be provided. Certus is an established and experienced specialist sales recruitment and marketing recruitment consultancy, providing sales and marketing recruitment services to the business to business marketplace throughout the UK. We are experts in the recruitment of internal and external (field sales) sales professionals from Graduate Sales Trainee through to Sales Manager and Sales Director levels. With specialist Sales divisions covering: Commercial Sales, FMCG, Information, Financial, Medical and Pharmaceutical, IT/Technology (Software, Hardware, Telco and Services), Media, Rec****Rec and a Marketing division covering everything from Marketing Executives through to PR Managers and Marketing Director level positions; we are well positioned to deliver cost effective recruitment solutions in a timely manner. To find out more about Certus, please visit http://www.certussales.com and http://www.certusmarketing.com Like our Facebook and LinkedIn pages to follow all the latest vacancies and news from within Certus and around the industry. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountProjectManagerInspiringMediaSolutions_job****