Title: PR Healthcare  Account Director
Webindex: 68688961
Company: Sam Small Recruitment
Description: Our client a global healthcare communications covering all advertising, med comms and PR are looking for an Account Director to join their busy team at their offices in London. Account Direction: Assist in developing strategic programme and finalising programme activity and budget with client. Direct account team activity to ensure appropriate tactical programme is developed and implemented according to our clients standards and achieves client objectives. Keep abreast of external issues and events and regularly review their impact upon programmes and client objectives. Be aware and responsible for financial status of accounts of designated responsibility at all times. Responsible for account profitability and maintaining agreed annual fee income for programmes. Responsibility for negotiating and establishing financial arrangements with clients in consultation with Finance Department. Client Liaison: Contribute to development of client marketing strategy. Maintain social contact with client personnel and regular contact regarding account direction, staffing and other issues as appropriate. Establish and maintain a role as consultant/adviser to client. Responsible for ensuring account issues are regularly monitored and a proactive issues management programme is developed. Ensure regular strategic reviews of accounts in accordance with direction of Business Unit Head and/or Managing Director Growing Existing Business: Create and develop opportunities for organic growth of existing business. New Business: Assist in the driving and developing of new business pitches in accordance with direction from Business Unit Head and/or Managing Director. People Management: Lead and motivate supervised staff to fulfil their potential and assume responsibility and accountability appropriate to their position. Make recommendations to the Management Team regarding staff development and account resourcing respectively. Keep accurate written records of all personnel incidents and performance issues. Ensures team understanding of client corporate values and personality profiles of individual clients. Professional Relations: Responsible for key contact with opinion leaders (medical/media and industry). Identify opportunities to build opinion leader database and develop additional activity. Maintain 'market intelligence' by monitoring opinion leader opinions on external/product/ competitive client issues. Media Relations: Develop and maintain good understanding of UK and international/European media. Develop relationships with key editors/producers responsible for UK and/or international/European media outreach Our client is offering an excellent salary and benefits package. If you want to find out more about this exciting new role, please contact Kellysamsmall.co.uk or call **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PRHealthcareAccountDirector_job****