Title: Graduate Trainee  Immediate Start
Webindex: 66522390
Company: First Class Concepts
Description: Graduate Trainee Immediate Start/ No Experience Required Glasgow, Lanarkshire, Scotland First Class Concepts in Glasgow City Centre is a company that outsources its teams to companies that are looking to increase their market share or enhance their brand awareness. We recently began a campaign for a wellknown media client that offers a film, television and game subscription service. We currently have multiple openings for graduates with above average customer service skills that are interested in: Marketing/ Brand Management Sales/ Account Management Customer Service/ Client Relations Business Development/ Management Our clients are looking for us to increase representation for them throughout Scotland and branch out into new markets before the end of the year. We acquire new customers for our clients by meeting potential customers facetoface where they live so we can keep track of geographic and demographic statistics for our client. Growth opportunities will be available to some graduates as we grow because we'll need help overseeing teams, clients and markets. We offer daily producttraining workshops, so no experience is required. We also offer ongoing sales guidance and support because each individual s results contribute to the company s success as a whole. Previous experience involving customer interaction (such as retail sales, customer service, waiting, bar work, etc.) can be beneficial, but we re simply looking for people that: Are over 18 years of age and eligible to work in the UK Can commute to Glasgow City Centre on a daily basis Are willing to work hard and are driven to achieve success Have a positive attitude and are generally optimistic Want an opportunity to grow personally and professionally In an effort to find the right people to represent our clients and help expand our industry, we routinely invite people to spend a full day in the field observing our sales operations. The day is designed to help the decisionmaking process and participants do not receive compensation, but they get a chance to see if the opening is best for them. We operate in a performancebased industry and therefore growth opportunities and individual earnings will also be resultbased.  Please send your CV through the online application process for consideration. If your CV is successful, we will notify you straight away via email or phone, so please be sure your contact details are provided. Thanks for your interest in First Class Concepts. We look forward to hearing from you 