Title: Procurement Manager  FMCG Giant Marketing / Advertising Spend ****K
Webindex: 68062120
Company: Your Hired
Description: Purchasing / Procurement Manager NonProduction Spend (FMCG) ****K Slough URGENT My client is a is a global success story: a world leader in the global household, health and personal care sectors They have a role for a Purchasing Manager NonProduction Spend (NPS) UK The successful candidate will be in charge of developing and embedding the NPS Purchasing position in the UK especially among marketing expenditures. You will also be a member of the European NPS Purchasing team and may be given selected initiatives and/or portfolios at a European level. You will be responsible she for an estimated consolidated spend of ****0M GBP among UK marketing and commercial fixed costs. Local activities: Analyze portfolio of commercial expenditures, identify, prioritize and deliver opportunities. Also identify and manage vulnerabilities and monitor market developments for new opportunities. Lead multifunctional supplier selection process to deliver key opportunities. Take ownership for contract formation. Monitor implementation along agreed guidelines to ensure exceptional service at lowest total cost. Develop and get support for spendmanagement processes that ensure optimal level of Purchasing involvement and sustainable control of costs in covered areas of expenditure (with support from manager and in line with European best practices). For more info please email CV. We acting as an employment agency in relation to this role and accept CV’s from all age groups and backgrounds. Unfortunately due to the volume of applications we receive, we are often only able to contact successful applications. We will however keep your CV on file in order to consider you for relevant opportunities. Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. Provides local Purchasing support for the execution of European NPS projects. Achieve targets among cost reduction, NWC and supplier base reduction. Manage NPS Junior Buyer, provide opportunity for him to develop and prepare for more senior roles in the future. European activities : Lead multifunctional, crosscountry supplier selection process for selected projects or categories of expenditures with potential for European consolidation. Give purchasing support to Northern Europe EXPERIENCE 3 years of demonstrated experience in managing NPS expenditures in a multinational FMCG company or 5yrs of broad procurement experience. Team management experience is a plus. EDUCATION PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES Degree : BA, BSc or equivalent Languages : fluent English is a must, additional languages a plus Computer literacy : proficient use of Microsoft Office software Flexibility to travel For more info please email CV. We acting as an employment agency in relation to this role and accept CV’s from all age groups and backgrounds. Unfortunately due to the volume of applications we receive, we are often only able to contact successful applications. We will however keep your CV on file in order to consider you for relevant opportunities. Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProcurementManagerFMCGGiantMarketingAdvertisingSpend****K_job****