Title: PR Senior Account Manager  Food, Drink & Restaurant PR
Webindex: 71632703
Company: Fresh Connect Recruitment
Description: A growing boutique PR agency which is situated in the heart of London is seeking a talented Senior Account Manager to work on some great Food and Drink and restaurant brands. They are looking for someone who is able to gain excellent media coverage and also provide the strategy and insight which will help to formulate engaging campaigns. This is a handson role for a driven and focused Account handler, with excellent interpersonal skills and a clear passion for PR. Working on an exciting mix of wellknown brands in the Food & Drink sector, the successful candidate will contribute to the development and delivery of innovative and influential PR campaigns, ensuring that all of the clients receive fantastic support and their business objectives are met. The new Senior Account Manager will thrive on working across their Food & Drink PR business but will also play a significant part in developing the strategy for existing clients and new business. This position reports directly to the founder of the business and requires numerous skills such as line management, strategy and insight, writing and editing, networking and events. A strong understanding of how best to use digital channels such as social media is also essential. In order to be considered for this position you should have a good degree in a related discipline or an exceptional career history. The ability to communicate well, both verbally and in writing is extremely important. They are looking for a creative, passionate and handson individual with a natural aptitude for innovative thought and fresh ideas. A proven track record of success with Food and Drinks clients is also vital. The successful candidate will have solid Consumer PR experience (ideally having worked on FMCG brands) and a proven track record of winning pitches. The ideal candidate will have Consumer PR/Lifestyle PR agency experience, though strong candidates with a mixture of agency and inhouse experience may also be considered. If you are a highly experienced and talented Senior Account Manager with a specialism in Food and Drink PR, apply now For this and similar vacancies, please contact Julia Fenwick on **** **** **** or email juliafreshconnect.co.uk Senior Account Manager, Account Manager, Senior Account Executive, Food and Drink PR, Public Relations, Retail PR, Brand PR, Restaurant PR, Hospitality PR, Lifestyle PR, FMCG PR, London. Senior Account Manager, Account Manager, Senior Account Executive, Food and Drink PR, Public Relations, Retail PR, Brand PR, Lifestyle PR, FMCG PR, London.