Title: Media Executive
Webindex: 68679289
Company: Invigorate Recruitment
Description: Are you looking to begin your career within one of the top media agencies in the country? If so, then please read on… Are you a numerate, proactive selfstarter with common sense? Are you inquisitive and want to know more? Could you negotiate the best prices for clients? If so, our client can offer you real business experience in the media world. Your role will be to support client facing teams within the agency. Begin to learn and understand media planning buying skills and principles, and become expert in optimising ad placement across on and off line media, from TV to paid search and beyond. Progression only limited by ability and drive. You must be computer literate with high proficiency in Excel with competency in Word and Powerpoint. A numerate or mathematically focused academic background is also requested. Knowledge of any data analysis tools or methods an advantage but not essential. Our client is searching for a junior Media Executive to work within their busy Leeds office. This role will predominantly be 'offline'focused across TV, press and inserts but with some digital outputs. The Media Executive Role:  Putting together client reports and delivering insight and analysis across multiple channels.  Learning about and training across all key media channels: TV, Press and Digital.  Developing and cultivating relationships with suppliers/media owners.  Developing/cultivating relationships with clients to deliver excellent service.  Negotiating the best prices for clients by developing excellent communication and interpersonal relationship skills Required Skills and Experience:  Educated to degree level or equivalent within a relevant subject.  Experience working within media is essential.  Strong numeracy skills are essential to work with large amounts of client data in terms of the creation of media plans and client reports.  A proactive selfstarter who is well organised and wants to be challenged and develop quickly.  Analytical. Able to make sense of and interpret the data in a way that adds value to clients.  Attention to detail. Our clients demand the best and this is an essential skill that enables us to put a stamp of quality on all output. From QA'ing reports to grammatically correct emails. Invigorate Recruitment are acting as an employment agency in respect of this vacancy. Due to the amount of responses we receive, unfortunately we are not able to give feedback to all individuals. If you have not heard back within 7 days, please assume that you have not been successful for the role you have applied for. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MediaExecutive_job****