Title: Data Marketing Executive
Webindex: 69742829
Company: Trinity Recruitment Group
Description: Following the promotion of the current job holder a vacancy has arisen for a Data Marketing Executive. You will work as a member of a small, friendly, driven Marketing and Business Development team within a young expanding, progressive company, employing c**** people. The job entails data management and control, coordinating and managing campaigns and monitoring and recording results. You will produce regular statistical management information and have the ability to analyse the results. It also involves collating data produced by sales and other staff. The role is likely to evolve as the company continues to develop so a flexible approach is essential. There is a need to be a good team player, innovative, enthusiastic and organised, and have an ability to work under pressure and prioritise. Job Description: Merging data and managing mail shot and eshot campaigns Manage projects and /or events as dictated by the company work schedule and calendar. Managing suppliers. Ensuring that the necessary information to update databases and management information is received as required from sales staff. The majority of the time will be spent on data management and control through the use of a CRM system (Dynamics) and software such as Access and Excel. This could include:  Data capturing  Manipulating data  Data cleansing  Displaying and conforming data for management information purposes  Analysing results The ideal applicant will be able to demonstrate the following qualities and experience: Highly organised and a good communicator A good team worker but also be selfmotivated and able to work on own initiative Computer literate and in particular be very experienced using Excel, Access and other Microsoft programmes Competent working with databases; whilst not essential a knowledge of SQL would be useful Experience working with a CRM system Ability to help organising projects and events Miscellaneous administrative and other duties as and when they occur