Title: Social Media Manager  London
Webindex: 71408614
Company: FRESHMINDS
Description: Social Media Manager  London ﻿We are looking for a committed and enthusiastic Social Media Manager to become an integral member of our awarding winning Social Media Consultancy. Are you a bright and talented Social Media Manager with a proven track record of delivering outstanding results through social media? Do you feel like you re ready to take all the great things you ve learned running campaigns and empower others with your knowledge? Do you have a borderline obsession with exceeding client expectations? You might be fed up with the agency world  looking for a more entrepreneurial environment. Or you might want more freedom to express your creative and strategic thinking. Interested? You will join a collaborative team that thinks differently. We believe that many brands today aren t using social effectively. We help brands to make a difference with social, from marketing to customer service, from customer experience to organisational design. About FreshNetworks FreshNetworks is a leading social business consultancy, providing strategic advice to global brands to help them understand and unlock the transformative power of social. We re recipients of the Drapers etail award for best use of social media in 2011 and the winner of the Econsultancy Innovation Award for Most Innovative use of Social Media in 2010, not to mention a Sunday Times Best Small Company to work for in 2010 and 2011 Who we re looking for Experience of working with social campaigns and the setup and management of social profiles A solid grounding in all areas of social media management and digital including blogger outreach, writing for the web, search and online advertising, analytics, app builds A background in social media agency or an integrated agency working on social media accounts An active social media profile of their own Great communications skills: particularly an engaging writing style A talent for building trusted relationships with clients and partners Experience of (or great enthusiasm to try) delivering training and running workshops Ability to work as an integrated part of the team, proactively managing issues as they arise and fostering enthusiasm across the agency. Curiosity and a desire to seek out and solve problems An ability to think on their feet FreshNetworks is part of the FreshMinds Group. FreshMinds is an equal opportunities employer and committed to training and development for all its employees. Our generous benefits package includes pension and private medical insurance.