Title: Mid to Senior Digital Project Manager
Webindex: 70087850
Company: Source
Description: A superb and award winning production led agency based in the heart of London are looking for a similar type Mid to Senior Digital Project Manager to join the team With a variety of clients ranging from charity to telecommunications to financial, the agency prides themselves on their work where they not only produce design orientated pieces but also look beyond the creative to be all about the functionality and brand. They are committed to being progressive and innovative which inspires a collaborative environment. As the Senior Digital Project Manager you will be required to lead key accounts and projects, build strong relationships with clients, develop existing business and create new business opportunities. You will be capable of creative thinking as well as apply technical knowledge to the projects you work on. The types of projects will include websites, campaign work, apps, microsites, touch screens and some social media. You will have the maturity to ask questions when needed and the ability to keep calm under pressure. Responsibilities of the Mid to Senior Digital Project Manager will include: Managing multiple design and build projects of varying sizes Manage from the initial briefing through to final delivery and beyond. Being financially responsible, creating/ managing proposals, processes and project lifecycles and ensuring high quality work is produced at all times. be able to develop and manage third party relationships, both internally and externally Your passion for digital is what you drives you forward. You will be fully immersed in the world of technology and be pushing the boundaries on digital helping the agency shape their digital offering. Experience of the Senior Digital Project Manager will require: Digital agency background at a midweight to senior level Proven team management and resource allocation Extensive client management Have a strategic approach to digital work This is a great opportunity for someone to take a step up to the next level. Self motivated, passionate about digital and design and super organised would define the person we are looking for so if you feel you can add value to this design agency then get in touch.