Title: Account Director (Design)
Webindex: 68677609
Company: Pure Recruitment
Description: Branding (packaging) Account Director (FMCG) Bristol ****k Our client, a branding, strategic design agency is looking to recruit an additional Branding (packaging) Account Director. As an Account Director, you should have experience of creating and/or helping clients accounts evolve using visual techniques to dig out market, client and consumer insight. The client list includes global (FMCG) giants as well as those closer to home. We are looking for a branding/packaging Account Director who will be responsible for a portfolio of ****  **** clients. You will be expected to run strategic packaging design and innovation projects; from briefing through to undertaking market audits, running client workshops, generating the creative brief (with the creative director), overseeing the creative work. You’ll work with your account management team to see the project through to fruition on brief, on time and on budget. You’ll be responsible for developing a great relationship with your clients that will naturally lead to more work, as well as developing an understanding of their business that you can leverage to expand the portfolio of brands that the agency works with. You’ll gain strategic learning by working alongside creative strategists and Creative Director and get the opportunity to learn how a visual approach delivers briefs that lead to successful brand ideas, brand communication or new product development. You will also join the management team; this will enable you to build on your understanding of how consultancies are run. This is a fantastic opportunity for anyone looking to further their career in a challenging strategic and creative consultancy and who thrives in the ever changing project management environment. You need to be a great team builder, a problem solver and a great communicator. You will be a good strategic thinker; this role will help you develop your ability to create a visual strategy for a brand development You are authoritative, a quick thinker, optimistic, calm under pressure and have an ability to charm clients and gain their trust easily. You will have an indepth knowledge of packaging design projects  and an experience of running digital projects and structural packaging design projects would be helpful. You may be an experienced senior Account manager, ready to make the next step up to Account Director. Account Director, Branding, Packaging, FMCG Design Agency, Bristol ****k This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountDirectorDesign_job****