Title: PR & Communications Executive
Webindex: 68677720
Company: Search Recruitment
Description: Fantastic opportunity for an experienced PR Communications Executive to join an exciting and expanding business within the Audio Visual Industry. It is essential that candidates have strong experience in a technical environment. This will be a full on and challenging role, currently all PR activities are outsourced but the company have decided to bring this function in house meaning the successful applicant will be responsible for all PR activities. Working as part of the Marketing Communication team you will report directly to the Marketing Manager and CEO of the business. Duties will include: Day to day management of the company’s relationship with the press, ensuring this remains positive. The management of the level of press coverage for the company Achieving deadlines set by Marketing Manager. The regular distribution of internal and external communications. Handling media enquiries and sourcing new opportunities for engagement with trade and vertical target market press. Assessing opportunities for and providing ideas for commentary opportunities and articles within target verticals and industry press. Maintaining, establishing and building the companies relationship with the press. Liaising with managers and directors to enable you to draft, edit and issue all press releases and articles to appropriate media. Liaising with manager’s and colleagues to draft, coordinate and produce internal communications such as newsletters and features and regularly updating news content. Assisting with the writing and editing of copy for all communication tools, including; social media, website’s (SEO optimised) and print. Assisting with the coordination for the scheduling and maintenance of the news section of the company’s website’s. Drafting, reviewing and updating entries in annual key directories Preparing updates and case reviews for clients on a regular basis Drafting award entries when necessary. Reporting on media coverage on a monthly and quarterly basis If you have the required experience and skills, please send your CV now, the company are offering a competitive salary and bonus package for the right applicant Due to the large number of applications we can only respond to applicants who meet our client’s criteria. If you have not had a response to your application within 2 weeks your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PRCommunicationsExecutive_job****