Title: ECommerce Merchandiser
Webindex: 68696886
Company: Better Placed Recruitment
Description: Our client is a household name, market leading consumer goods business with an excellent heritage and enviable portfolio of brands. As a result of significant investment into the online growth of the brands, an exciting opportunity has arisen for a success driven ECommerce Merchandiser to join their existing talent pool. You will be fully responsible for the product range and planning across all eshops with a view to maximising sales and margin, achieving all sales targets set. Key Responsibilities: Full daytoday responsibility for product range and planning for all eshops Fully responsible for sales forecasting for all our eshops Full responsibility for stock control and product catalogue for all eshops ensuring maximisation of product offer. To work with the commercial team to build a balanced range across all eshops. To review sales information to identify duplication and gaps within ranges across all eshops. Fully responsible for the integrity of the entire eproduct catalogue. To complete sales analysis across all eshops to ensure targeted margins are achieved. To drive the promotional calendar to maximise sales and margin across all eshops To work with the individual Brand Managers to drive performance in all eshops as well as ensuring tone of voice is consistent across all eplatforms, both internally and externally. To work with Digital Marketing Support team to develop 'worldclass' business/consumer facing sites Full responsibility for planning budgets and presenting sales forecasts and figures for new ranges. To gather information on customers reaction/feedback on all products. Responsible for the safety, legality and quality of all products and processes within the remit of the role You will already be an experienced ECommerce Merchandiser with range development, analysis, forecasting and critical path management experience. You will be an excellent communicator with the ability to influence at all levels. Candidates working in an online trading role are also encouraged to apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ECommerceMerchandiser_job****