Title: Content Team Leader
Webindex: 68197545
Description: One of the UK's leading retailers is seeking an inspirational motivated individual who will drive creative, exciting, customer focused content, for a brilliant new role of Content Team Leader. This great opportunist role is bursting with creativity, which could potentially give you the opportunity to entice customers around the UK, within this fast moving retail sector. This passionate specialist company, place customer service and simple but enjoyable buying, at the heart of its business, which has contributed to its extraordinary current strong market position. This leading retailer uses its tantalising content to attract and maintain millions of customers. An innovative and adaptable individual is needed, with an experienced advertising, digital marketing or copy background, in aid to assist further growth of this inspirational retailer. The role will involve you working within a massively skilled team that fully supports, develops and actively encourages creativity. This particular creative role entails; The management of content for a range of advertorials and information pages. Understanding customer needs and their shopping process, so their needs can be met. Building and liaising relationships with manufacturers to ensure expert product and brand knowledge. The review and constant evaluation content onsite. Managing a team of experienced content editors. Continuously challenging the perception of what good copy is, and furthermore finding new ways of improving the customer journey. The ideal candidate should; Demonstrates appropriate behaviour especially when under stress. Demonstrates innovation. Demonstrates decisiveness. Be an effective and concise communicator across a diverse selection of audiences. Be open minded. Proactively take control of situations. Exude motivation and enthusiasm. Demonstrate Planning and Organisational skills. If you feel you have a motivational and creative flair which could be suitable for this genuinely brilliant role, apply now