Title: Bid Writer and Marketing Coordinator
Webindex: 69593423
Company: GIM   Food 
Description: Leading Global Business ****k  Benefits Based in London THE COMPANY  Awardwinning Construction Services practice with offices in North America, AsiaPacific, Europe and the Middle East.  Cover the full life cycle of a structure, with projects that include the tallest buildings and longest spans to the restoration of prized historic properties. THE ROLE We are seeking a talented and experienced marketing coordinator to support multiple offices, focusing on our London and Middle East offices  Work with technical staff and senior management to prepare bids, respond to tender opportunities and assemble highquality custom packages and presentations.  Develop, organize, update, and format marketing materials (CVs, project sheets, project lists, etc.).  Prepare award submissions.  Update and maintain various marketing logs and databases.  Maintain Marketing files and material inventory.  Track and report on results of submissions.  Some travel between the London, Middle East and New York offices is required. THE PERSON  Graduate with 4 years of experience with a professional services firm, Architecture/Engineering/Construction industry preferred.  Conscientious and flexible, with a strong work ethic and teamplayer attitude.  Strong time management skills.  Willing to go the extra mile when demands require.  Detail oriented, with an eye as well to the big picture of office, region and firm goals.  Solid written and verbal communication skills; ability to adapt to different communication styles.  Proven editing ability.  Experienced with Microsoft Office. Proficiency in software such as PowerPoint, Photoshop and InDesign a plus.  Ability to work within a fastpaced environment and handle multiple requests.  Experience in working in an international and multicultural environment.  Ability to manage expectations of demanding technical staff.  Ability to guide others in the firm on the appropriate use of marketing tools and systems. LOCATION Central London This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BidWriterandMarketingCoordinator_job****