Title: Marketing Account HandlerJunior Analyst
Webindex: 72460590
Company: Harnham Search and Selection Ltd
Description: Marketing Account Handler Junior Analyst This is an exciting opportunity to work for a leading service provider based in London. With opportunity to progress within the company, this role is a fantastic chance for an analyst to develop their skills THE COMPANY: Our client holds a large customer base and deal with a number of wellknown worldwide manufacturers. This successful brand has a new opening within their Account Handling team and is a fantastic next step for a junior analyst. THE ROLE: The Marketing Account Handler will be responsible for analysing and delivering insight on customer data and providing recommendations on marketing, in order to ensure maximum profitability of various products. You will liaise with relevant teams across the sector in order to improve process and analyse reports and data. The role will be varied; involving segmentation analysis and customer profiling as well as considering direct marketing methods. You will use your experience of working with Excel/VBA/Pivot Tables; have strong communication skills and experience working within a busy commercial environment. YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: The successful candidate will have the following essential qualities and skills:  Degree Level  Experience using Excel (VBA and Pivot Tables beneficial)  Excellent communication skills  Data Analytics Experience THE BENEFITS: Salary is up to **** **** (dependent on experience) with great benefits HOW TO APPLY: To be considered for the Marketing Account Handler position, hit the Apply button above now, or contact Talitha BoitelGill on **** **** **** or talithaboitelgillharnhamsearch.com KEYWORDS: Excel, VBA, pivot tables, targeting,segmentation, forecasting, marketing, analyst, insight analyst, data analyst, conversion rates, CRM, campaign, pricing, acquisition, retention, direct marketing, risk analytics ABOUT HARNHAM: Harnham Search and Selection are specialists within the analytics and data markets, focusing on niche areas of recruitment where many of the UKs businesses find hiring quality employees a challenge. We are one of the UKs largest suppliers of analytical staff, and have an impressive client list, ranging from SMEs to some of the worlds leading bluechip pharmaceutical companies. Our consultants undergo intensive training to become experts within their fields. Marketing Account Handler