Title: Senior Customer Experience Executive
Webindex: 71183625
Company: EDF Energy
Description: The Senior Customer Experience Exec fulfils a key role in the organisation. The post holder will need to be passionate about customer experience in order to ensure that all touchpoints in the acquisition process and the customer experience is defined, consistent and measured and adds value to both the customer and EDF Energy. In short, the post holder will be the customer champion. An innovative approach to customer experience coupled with the drive to deliver change is required. The emphasis is on proactive communication with key stakeholders to deliver a step change in customer experience which will in turn help deliver channel volume and value targets. Strong drive and interpersonal skills to work collaboratively across the organisation are required. The person appointed will work as part of a small high calibre team and must have excellent communication and influencing skills, and will be a strong team player. They will also have good knowledge of the core drivers to customer value and experience of working in a retail business environment. The role holder will work on large, new and/or complex areas using their understanding of the principles of the market/marketing and influencing people across the business to deliver excellent results. Customer Experience Assist in designing the Acquisition Experience strategy, working with the Customer Development team to ensure a linedup endtoend experience. This includes ensuring robust customer experience measurements are in place for all acquisition activity to enable analysis and recommendations to improve customer experience, working with Marketing Operations to transform the culture of the organisation to align with the branded customer experience and translating the brand values and characteristics into a tangible definition of a branded customer experience for each customer segment. Customer Journey Assist in the Definition of the commercial customer journey strategy for prospects from browsing to live on supply. This includes reviewing existing and new processes to ensure we deliver a value adding and consistent customer experience and specification (and mapping) of acquisition processes that will improve the value and volume of sales. A strong strategic thinker who is highly numerate and analytical with a proven track record of commercial acumen to deliver a value adding customer experience. Proven experience of using customer segmentation models to deliver new sales. Evidence of understanding and applying differentiated Customer Experience design to grow a service business, including detailed customer journey mapping. A proven understanding of the consumer psychology behind purchase decision making, and the different layers of communication to disrupt, attract and convert prospects. High potential career growth with clearly established profile in major organisation (e.g. internal promotion) Strong team skills with proven track record of being part of a team that set the acquisition agenda in a major blue chip organisation and gaining alignment to recommendations Ability to write succinct management memos (**** page exec reports) Experience of dealing with and influencing Directors and Heads Of Departments Skills and Qualifications Educated to degree level or equivalent, with further marketing or business qualifications and injob experience in Marketing and/or Sales functions Strong interpersonal skills including communicating, negotiation and influencing plus experience of delivering results through teamwork, and developing strong networks across the business Proven customer experience skills plus all round marketing skills and commercial focus Ability to paint a compelling vision of the future, with concrete strategies to deliver Ability to enrol stakeholders, peers, team members and a matrix organisation to a vision, strategy and plan Recognition of the difference between strategy and execution and a proven track record of assisting having strategies delivered in market to build the business Ability to work within a matrix team to deliver with excellence This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorCustomerExperienceExecutive_job****