Title: Yield and Inventory Manager – leading digital publisher
Webindex: 68666553
Company: RWI
Description: A newly created and exciting opportunity has arisen in this well known digital publishing business. Working across a portfolio of digital brands, you will be based in the Ad Ops department, and will be instrumental in helping the business develop their current offering and implement new ideas. In time you’ll be able to grow your own team, so you’ll need to want to take on people management and mentoring in addition to bringing new ideas, actively looking at inventory and yield in new ways and implementing your ideas on best practice. To succeed, you’ll need a strong understanding of the commercial digital landscape, established relationships with ad networks, SSP’s and DSP’s plus a good working knowledge of ad serving technology and yield management. A strong awareness of how sales and ad ops works together and how to maximise networkwide campaigns will be needed too. You may be working at an ad network currently or on the publishing side, and you will undoubtedly be hungry for your next challenge and looking for much more responsibility, autonomy and the opportunity to really shine and make your mark. This role will give you all of this and more. Vital skills you can bring to the role will be an understanding of how to use ad technology to increase overall yield and the knowledge of what can trigger increase in yield. As well as great technical and commercial ad ops skills, you’ll need a highly analytical approach and an ability to create insightful and reports. Therefore, expertise using Excel as well as strong communication skills (written and verbal) is a must. You’ll work alongside the MD to establish companywide reporting templates and new rules going forward. Culturally, you’ll be joining a talented and hard working team, where achievement is recognised and rewarded. This is an incredibly exciting time to be in this business and make your own impact. Think this is for you? If you have the right skills and experience, contact Ruth Woolley, RWI Media, RWI Recruitment With Integrity This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/YieldandInventoryManagerleadingdigitalpublisher_job****