Title: Digtal Marketing Manager  Oxford
Webindex: 69173049
Company: Madison Bridge
Description: We are currently looking for a Web Development Content Manager to manage the company’s global web content of the ecommerce platform across multiple different geographies. This role will work to optimise onsite consumer experience and ensuring all marketing activity is executed on the site in accordance with the strategy and activity across all geographies each month whilst meeting, and aiming to exceed, the direct set sales targets. They will be responsible for managing and delivering new site launches for the business as well managing the web development road map for site and functionality enhancements. Key Accountabilities: Responsible for managing, driving and executing the web content across all sites, paying close attention to localisation. Responsible for maintaining the localisation activity planners and the execution of local market content. Working closely with the Email Online Campaign Manager you will be responsible for the timely delivery of promotional content to the website, including new product releases, bespoke landing pages and any additional added value content. Defining and agreeing project scope, outputs, and timescale, quality and cost Establishing project structures, roles and teams, and then planning, monitoring and reporting on their work Working with the wider ebusiness team to resolve live service incidents, allocate the right resources and communicate progress Work with all members of the online team to ensure consistency across all online channels. To assist the Head of Ecommerce with ad hoc duties as and when required. Key Activities Ensure that all geographies content is optimised and localised, through development of the web content activity planners. Briefing assets to the design team, building the campaigns within the CMS tool and deployment. Working in conjunction with the Email Online Campaign Manager to fully delivery all site content, promotions and the development plan on time and in budget. Managing the web development roadmap Works on a daily basis with web development agency Analysis and reporting of onsite metrics and make and implement changes to drive improvements. For more information Please contact Chris Bubb at Madison Bridge Associates. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DigtalMarketingManagerOxford_job****