Title: Client Team Manager
Webindex: 68694638
Company: Support Services Group
Description: Client Team Manager Reports To:Client Business Partner Job Summary:  Describe the purpose of the role and list the major reason why this position exists.  Responsible for the client engagement strategy and for clients’ revenue and profit growth.  Partnering with the client and project managing across borders and businesses to enable foresight and insight delivery that represents all our capabilities.  Directs and deploys resources to deliver added value services and meet client objectives, leveraging GBS, ICDs and named / dedicated specialists.  Builds and sustains winning client servicing teams, motivating them to achieve all Company’s key performance indicators and ensuring they are appropriately rewarded and recognised for their contribution. Key Job Responsibilities: Client Servicing  Responsible for client engagement strategy, ensuring that client plans are developed implemented and deliver profitable growth for Company’s, while adding value for the client.  Responsible for One Company’s Account Planning and Value Measurement for a client/ a group of clients with support from a Client Service team.  Directs and coordinates resources to deliver added value services and solutions to client, leveraging GBS, ICDs and dedicated specialists (AAC, BASES, CPS, RMS, CR etc).  Leads key negotiations with clients as required and ensure client contracts comply with company policy and legal requirements.  Supports International partnership with the client.  Business Partnering Foresight and Insight delivered through  One Company’s Project Management  Boardroom Presentations  Onsite management and delivery  Building SLAs with client People Management  Mentors/coaches direct reports (provides insight/advice/feedback and ensures each has substantive development plans in place).  Effectively manages client workload requirements between team members.  Fulfils internal requirements and processes relating to own teams as required (e.g. forecasting and budgeting processes).  Ensure team members are appropriately recruited and trained to achieve results.  Motivates direct reports to achieve and ensures they are appropriately rewarded and recognised. Business Performance  Accountable for One Company’s Revenue and profit. Accountable for clients’ revenue, profit and business relationship.  Ensures delivery against client objectives and collects VMOs.  Responsible for cost to serve (including specialists, front and back office).  Contributes to the effective operation of the organisation by participating in decisionmaking processes and maintaining high visibility across all functions. Key Functional Skills/Competencies  Solid experience, preferably from the FMCG industry, and strong Company’s experience  Mastery One Company’s portfolio understanding  Answers trained to higher level  Very strong understanding of FMCG industry and trends, Company’s client business and needs, market trends  Strong business acumen (including business environment and client)  Expert influencing and negotiation skills (external and internal)  Solid proficiency in decisionmaking and problem resolution in a highly clientfocused fashion  Highly proficient Project Management, strategic planning and thinking  Expert relationship building skills and strong record of senior client relationship development  Strong Business English knowledge, both verbal and written  Highly proficient verbal and written communication skills, including presentation skills This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ClientTeamManager_job****