Title: Senior Digital Account Director
Webindex: 70253707
Company: Gold Group Ltd.
Description: Senior Digital Account Director / Business Consultant Role overview The role is a consultative role with global reach, with primary focus being on Europe plus Asia Pacific and growing markets. The core of this role is to connect the complex network of stakeholders and gatekeepers across the business, client and agency partners to ensure visibility and value of the digital performance team. The ideal candidate will have a strong Digital agency background in Senior Client services roles. Obsessed with business goals, highly strategic but with a creative eye, someone who can advise and lead the client whilst championing and supporting the digital performance team. In return, a salary of up to ****K plus benefits is on offer, as well as the chance to work with this industry leading organisation who are delivering great work. Key skillset and role requirements: Ability to navigate complex operating models to provide clarity and direction Forge close and trusted working relationship with the clients and as well as key agency partners Responsible for the overall client relationship, client satisfaction and delivery of scope of work supported by the Team Leads Very digitally focused, able to talk confidently about performance marketing Owns the overall business priorities and strategic direction for the client Profitability and financial management of the client accounts Lead market and client communications on new initiatives and implementing best practices Act as escalation point for all client and network related issues Act as lead in identifying and develop opportunities for organic growth with existing clients with the support of the Team Leads Provide structure to the account in terms of account strategy and communicating client organisation structure Confident to lead presentations to multiple senior executives stakeholders If this sounds like the sort of role for you, and you have the relevant experience, please apply today. This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK's leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we've got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorDigitalAccountDirector_job****