Title: Programme Engagement Executive
Webindex: 68708889
Company: Select Appointments
Description: A well established, forward thinking, friendly and professional company are looking for a Programme Engagement Executive to cover a **** month fixed term contract from Mid February to 10th June 2013. The Position: The purpose of the role is to implement and evaluate communications plans for the companies audiences that will deliver behavioural change and help deliver the companies business plan targets. You will ensure effective communication and delivery of the communications plan within time and budget and will communicate internally to maximise opportunities across this high profile organisation by sharing best practice and coordinating activity. You will deliver cost savings through the delivery of work in house and ensure a consistent marketing output which follows the company brand guidelines and supports the companies key messages and targets. • Develop and deliver communication plans for new and existing audiences, across the UK and in the nations. • Set clear priorities focused on delivering behavioural change within these target audiences, linked to delivery of the companies Business Plan targets. • Implement communications plans, briefing and managing framework agencies where appropriate and prioritising activity. • Ensure that activities are delivered on time, to budget, to required standards and that opportunities are maximised. • Evaluate these activities to ensure value for money is achieved and that measurable behavioural change with the target audience is demonstrated where feasible, this will include delivery of stakeholder research. • Responsible for the development, usage and maintenance of the company stakeholder contacts database to deliver change. • Work with external agencies to manage and implement the events / exhibitions programme. • Work with the Digital team to manage and implement web and digital plans. • Work with the Press Office to manage and implement PR strategies to support delivery of communications. • Identify cost saving opportunities and manage and forecast expenditure accurately. • Establish good working relationships internally and externally to devise projects to realise opportunities and secure their commitment to delivery. Support the facilitation of these groups to generate momentum for change. Key Requirements: Interested candidates must be educated to degree level or equivalent and or IDM/CIM diploma and have substantial relevant Marketing experience including design, delivery and critical review of a range of marketing materials. You will also require: • An understanding of the strategy and tactics required to deliver communication marketing campaigns. • Experience of implementing preagreed corporate guidelines. • Experience of working with a range of teams, accounts, or projects at the same time, to deliver clarity and coherence of an organisation’s core message. • Experience of working with external suppliers including briefing and managing communication agencies to deliver quality work to time and on budget. Salary **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProgrammeEngagementExecutive_job****