Title: Propositions amp; Marcomms Manager
Webindex: 67211684
Description: The Role Reporting to the Senior Communications Manager, you will be responsible for the creation and deployment of market propositions to accelerate the new business growth in the Royal Mail Specialist Services (RMSS) unit. In addition this role will be responsible for working with our central communications team to produce internal communication material and external press releases for developments within the Core Network Parcels area. This role will allow you to:  Develop and deliver a marketing strategy that raises external awareness and understanding of the Royal Mail Specialist Services product range.  Raise internal awareness and knowledge across Royal Mail Group of the RMSS team, engaging and inspiring the wider organisation to market and sell RMSS products via Royal Mail Group marketing campaigns.  Work closely with 3rd party suppliers to deliver campaigns/ communications  Explore digital marketing opportunities and maximise the effectiveness of social media communications  Measure performance of marketing activities and assess opportunities for continuous improvement  Develop, agree and calendarise internal and external communications and press releases in relation to developments within the Core Network Parcels and Specialist Services areas. Desired Skills & Experience Ideally you will have some knowledge of the UK parcels market and end to end marketing experience from proposition development through to campaign deployment. Additionally, you will have experience of cross functional working with key stakeholders as well as strong attention to detail, with good planning and organisation skills. Core Network Parcels (CNP) is the Royal Mail parcel network. Company Description Royal Mail Group is a world leader in postal innovation and one of the UK's largest companies. Our UK Parcels, International and Letters (UKPIL) business comprises parcels, international and media & unaddressed mail. We are the UKs Universal Service provider, the traditional letters business delivers letters and parcels, six days a week, to 29 million addresses across the UK. But, UKPIL is also home to some of Royal Mails growth stories. The increasing popularity of online retailing is driving volume growth across its core parcels network and its UK express carrier, Parcelforce Worldwide. The company is also renewing its focus on its advertising and direct mail business to grow its share of the UK advertising market. Royal Mail employees are at the forefront of our ambition to deliver the best possible service to our customers. And as one of the UK's largest companies, Royal Mail Group offers a range of job opportunities across the country. NO AGENCIES PLEASE