Title: PR Account Director  Food & Drink PR
Webindex: 67746142
Company: Fresh Connect Recruitment
Description: A highly respected boutique food & drink PR agency is seeking a new Account Director. This position focuses on Food & Drink, FMCG, big brand accounts and is an excellent opportunity for an established PR expert to make a good career move. They want an experienced and driven, highcaliber handson Account Director to bring senior expertise to this lively agency. The successful candidate will be responsible for the strategic direction of the accounts. In this position, you will be expected to deliver to goals and targets and manage client accounts to consistently high levels. You'll also need to be able to guide, lead and motivate your juniors and have a flair for developing professional relationships both with colleagues and with clients. The ideal candidate for this excellent Food & Drink PR position will be a pioneering, innovative thinker as well as a Consumer PR expert. You should have previous Food & Drink PR experience and must be an expert writer with strong client handling experience. In order to be eligible for this role you should have a proven track record in the successful delivery of PR programmes and demonstrable skill as an Account Director or Senior Account Manager looking to step up. Natural leading abilities and a solutionsfocused mindset are both key to this excellent agency position. If you are passionate about PR for the food & drink sector and are looking for your next exciting career move, with the opportunity to work with highprofile big brand clients, apply now For this and similar vacancies, please contact Julia Fenwick on **** **** **** or email juliafreshconnect.co.uk Account Director, Senior Account Director, Senior Account Manager, Junior Account Director Food PR, Drinks PR, Consumer PR, Big Brand PR, Public Relations, London. Account Director, Senior Account Director, Senior Account Manager, Food PR, Drinks PR, Junior Account Director, Food PR, Drinks PR, Consumer PR, Big Brand PR, Public Relations, London.