Title: HEAD OF PRODUCTION (CREATIVE EVENTS AGENCY)
Webindex: 71852668
Company: Regan and Dean Recruitment
Description: Fast growing and highly creative niche production agency have a permanent opening for a talented Head of Production / Production Director COMPANY Well established and highly regarded boutique creative production agency based in the heart of central London who have a fantastic client base from across the luxury, fashion, film, automotive and premium drinks brand sectors. This company excel in delivering big production value events that keep clients coming back for more time and time again ROLE Reporting directly into the MD and working alongside the commercial and creative directors, this Head of Production role will see you leading on all the production related planning and delivery of a range of highspec and high production value special events. With 3 direct reports (Design Tech Manager, Production Manager and Production Assistant) you'll be responsible for the planning, design and technical production of outstanding and visually amazing special events for an array of highprofile clients. The role will also include: The planning, development and implementation of an efficient working and operational structure including gross profit management, project and production scoping, freelance/supplier management and implementing a robust internal job flow system. Scoping out and providing documentation for pitches and proposals ensuring that design and concept plans are feasible and realistic. Producing and tracking budgets for each event (broken down by cost centre) as well as careful negotiation with venues and suppliers to secure competitive rates. Management of all Health Safety, licencing, regulations and best practice documentation. Client relationship building, maximizing revenue and increasing profit margins. Post event reconciliation and analysis (including accounting for the quality and effectiveness of project delivery, reconciling all expenses and gross profit against the budget). YOU With an agency background and a proven track record of Event Production at a senior level, you'll have strong leadership and team working skills, be an articulate and effective communicator and have a good working knowledge of budgeting, financial control and business management. Experience in managing pitches and projects in the creative events industry is key and you should be used to working across/with luxury and highend brands. You will of course have good technical knowledge, be able to translate technical production 'terminology' into plain layman's terms and have worked on high production value live events in the UK as well as internationally. As well as the production experience technical knowledge, this role also needs someone who is commercially savvy, good at developing client trust and relationships, is flexible in approach, calm under fire and pressure and enjoys the variety of working on multiple projects simultaneously. And finally….from a personality point of view….you'll be creative, passionate, dynamic and determined but also down to earth, level headed, highly professional and hardworking with a good sense of humour and bags of personality This is a fantastic opportunity for a very client facing and highly personable Head of Production or Production Director who loves to push the boundaries, make the impossible happen and create aweinspiring events experiences If your experience matches the key requirements and responsibilities as listed above, please reflect these in your CV and click the 'Apply now' button below. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HEADOFPRODUCTIONCREATIVEEVENTSAGENCY_job****