Title:  Digital Marketing Executive  SEO and PPC 
Webindex: 70437107
Description: My client are a well established market leader looking for a Digital Marketing Executive  Responsibilities:  Implementing, delivering and evaluating the content of websites/Emarketing campaigns.  Manage the SEO and develop websites via CMS as well as running social media campaigns to grow brand presence.  Drive potential revenue via online channels and working within brand guidelines.  Manage digital agencies ensuring brand and budget specifications are adhered to.  Close involvement with important online customers.  Produce and edit content for online platforms including emailers, blogs, product profiles/ images, optimised landing pages.  Measure and analyse all aspects of digital marketing using available systems such as Google Analytics.  Proactively produce monthly reports and statistics on all digital marketing activity.  Handson experience of planning, executing and analysing campaigns through online channels including search, affiliate, email and social media  Acting as main point of contact for frontend website technical requirements, and solving though online research, or by liaising with outsourced teams.  Expertise in data storage, formatting and management. Skills, Knowledge, Qualifications required:  The successful candidate will be commercially aware and very ambitious with experience in a B2B digital marketing environment, preferably SEO, PPC, Display, Social Media and Email Marketing.  Excellent copy writing skills are a must.  Excellent communicator at all levels.  Highly motivated and confident to work on own initiative.  Advanced Microsoft Word and Excel skills.  Working autonomously to a high level of accuracy and speed.  Excellent attention to detail.  Thorough knowledge of web layout and browsercompatibility issues  You will be resilient, selfdriven with a positive outlook and strong time management skills.  Knowledge of digital trends and a passion for online media is essential. If you have the above experience apply now for immediate consideration. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk