Title: Digital Marketing Coordinator  Leading Manufacturing Business
Webindex: 69171965
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Digital Marketing Coordinator  Leading Manufacturing Business Blackburn, Lancashire ****  **** DOE Our client specialises in many areas of manufacture where there is a need to cut or convert materials in order to create a finished product. They provide the cutting technology and plastic solutions to achieve this. An opportunity has now arisen for a Digital Marketing Coordinator to join their team. This is the ideal role for a dynamic marketing professional with a passion for all things digital looking to join a thriving company with ambitious, fun and exciting work environment. Our client will also consider talented graduates for this role. As a Digital Marketing Coordinator, you will be responsible for supporting, developing and coordinating our client's varied marketing activities. In this autonomous role, you will increase profitable sales through growing current business, new customers and promoting new products. Working with the sales team and reporting to the Managing Director, you will assist in the development of the company's marketing strategy, in addition to creating professional literature and mailing copy. Your other duties will include:  Maintaining updated content on all web and social networking sites  Compiling, creating and sending targeted mail and email campaigns to existing and potential customers  Preparing monthly activity reports on marketing activity  Monitoring the company's website performance and making necessary changes to ensure maximum availability and performance To be considered, you must have:  Experience of digital marketing  At least one years' experience in a related field  A proven track record of delivering measureable results  A relevant professional qualification, such as a degree  Proficiency in Microsoft applications, including Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Outlook As a Digital Marketing Coordinator, you must have first class planning and organisational and communication skills. The ability to interact effectively and appropriately with others at all levels is also key. Whilst not essential, a relevant postgraduate qualification would be beneficial to your application. At least two years' experience of working within a B2B environment would also be an advantage. To apply for the role of Digital Marketing Coordinator, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Digital Marketing Coordinator, Digital Marketing Executive, Junior Marketing Executive, Online Marketing Coordinator, Graduate Marketing Executive, Graduate Digital Marketing Executive, Marketing Coordinator. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DigitalMarketingCoordinatorLeadingManufacturingBusiness_job****