Title: Senior Account Managers
Webindex: 62195400
Company: Agency Space UK Ltd
Description: Growing integrated agency in Covent Garden is looking for two forwardthinking Senior Account Managers. ********K The role: A fantastic opportunity has arisen for two outstanding Senior Account Managers to join a dynamic and independent agency. Your key roles will include: Providing exceptional levels of service delivery for your clients via effective planning, team project management Managing and expanding the client relationship on a day to day level, ensuring the agency response is on strategy and meets all preset objectives Financial management, reporting profitability Contributing towards strategic thinking, development and direction of client business Providing support for new business pitches Reporting directly into a Group/Account Director The candidates: FMCG/Alcohol Senior Account Manager Strategically gifted, you will be someone who s a step ahead of the street for this adventurous unpredictable brand. Experiential is your heartland but you ll have the integrated skills and experience to match. A fast tracker, you ll be desperate for Account Director in the next 6 months. FMCG/Health and Beauty Senior Account Manager This role is perfect for someone with a flair for female FMCG. A safe pair of hands, you will have solid experiential /integrated experience, ideally CRM/POS capabilities too. You ll be looking good for promotion to Account Director in the next 6 months. Both SAMs will be passionate about marketing, motivated by creativity and have excellent communication and presentation skills, both verbal and written. Applicants must have at least a year's experience at Senior Account Manager level within an integrated agency environment. Benefits of Working at Space: Based in vibrant Covent Garden, Space is brave, imaginative and growing. We love ideas and just like our clients we are full of ambition. If you share that ambition, and would like to grow with us, then we want to hear from you. Applications no later than **** st January 2013. Respectfully, no agencies please. For further information and to apply online please click on the Apply Now button.