Title: Marketing Support : B2B
Webindex: 69022258
Company: Greenhill
Description: Regional business leader seeks a confident and enthusiastic Marketing Support with excellent proofreading and analytical skills Marketing Support : B2B : Cambridgeshire: Competitive Salary  Excellent Benefits : ref: ****LW Our client is successful and well known within their field and they are currently seeking a highly proactive Marketing Support Assistant to support the established marketing team with datadriven campaigns. As Marketing Support, your main responsibilities will include:  Database management, creating and cleaning mailing lists and assisting with email campaigns.  Data segmentation.  Email and SMS marketing campaigns.  Assisting in the production and distribution of marketing and POS materials.  Writing copy and proofreading material for the website, materials and adverts.  Analysing and evaluating marketing campaigns and presenting findings.  Assist market and competitor research.  Managing suppliers.  General administration and support. The successful candidate will ideally have previous experience within a marketing department and ideally be degreeeducated (or equivalent). Alternatively, if you can demonstrate that you have a real interest in pursuing a Marketing career (e.g. a relevant internship or CIM qualification), you may still be considered. A degree related to Marketing, Business or Management will be advantageous. An understanding of marketing techniques and principles, exceptional copywriting and proofreading, and analytical skills as well as the willingness to learn will all be fundamental to this role. As Marketing Support, you will benefit from a competitive salary (dependent on experience), good benefits, future career prospects and the chance to work within a company that believes in encouraging personal and professional growth. Due to the location, you will need to be able to drive with access to a car as this will not be accessible by public transport. If you feel your skills meet the requirements of this Marketing Support position and you`d like to be considered for the role, apply today Why not refer a friend for ****? Greenhilld conditions apply Greenhill Group is a Sales and Marketing consultancy who operate within East Anglia. Therefore we will only accept applications from candidates who have permanent residency in the UK. Candidates who do not meet this criteria need not apply. Greenhillnot contact you within one week of your application, unfortunately we are not able to assist you in your search for employment at the present time. Greenhill Group only advertise a small proportion of sales & marketing roles on this site. Please take a look at our website or contact us, in confidence, to discuss other opportunities with our experienced sales & marketing consultants