Title: Marketing Associate (Japanese Speaking)
Webindex: 71432318
Company: Perfect employment
Description: JOB TITLE: Marketing / Business Associate (Japanese/English) TERM: 6 month contract  with possibility to be made permanent SALARY: ****K****K  depending on experience PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES  Internal and external liaison both in English and Japanese, facilitate the internal communication and manage communication with external business partners by being proactive, prompt and accurate.  Involve in communications and translations of documents, emails and presentations in both languages.  Project coordination, support the company's overall strategy as directed.  Other duties as assigned. KNOWLEDGE SKILLS EXPERIENCE  Mother tongue level Japanese ability with exceptionally high fluency in English  Possess sufficient marketing background.  Bicultural and bilingual with excellent writing, speaking and presenting skills in both Japanese and English.  Demonstrated working knowledge of Japanese culture and customs in the workplace.  25 years demonstrated business related experience in multinational corporations.  Excellent project coordination skills with proven ability to drive results; action oriented and strong problem solver.  Strong demonstrated leadership, presentation and communication skills required.  Ability to understand, interpret, translate and communicate company business plans, strategy and objectives to Japanese officials at parent company.  Ability to present results of reporting and analysis to management both written and verbal and in English and Japanese.  Native level of Japanese skills  BA or BS Degree.  Must be able to travel domestic and internationally.  Proactive, able to operate at a level to do what it takes to get the job done. Thank you for your interest. Due to the large number of applications, we are only able to respond to applicants matching our client's requirements. Perfect Employment Ltd acts as an Employment Business for Temporary roles and as an Employment Agency for Permanent/Contract roles. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingAssociateJapaneseSpeaking_job****