Title: Server Side Web Developer
Webindex: 72177175
Description: PHP, MYSQL Web Developer, Birmingham, ****25,000 My client, one of the UK`s leading integrated agencies is looking for a Junior Developer to join their busy team. This is an excellent opportunity for someone to further their career by working with some of the world`s most recognisable brands. Based in Birmingham the agency offers fantastic career progression for the right candidate and the opportunity to work with some of the newest web technologies. Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities  Build good working relationship with agency colleagues  Fulfil all tasks quickly, efficiently and to the highest possible standards  Understand that deadlines are immovable and of paramount importance  Continually improve knowledge and skill in the key areas of standards compliant interface coding techniques: o XHTML, HTML5 o Semantic web o Accessibility o CSS o JavaScript (DOM) o Usability  Continually improve knowledge and skill in the key areas of open source serverside development: o Linux/BSD o Apache o MySQL o PHP o Yii Framework experience desirable o Optionally Python, Ruby and Perl  Rapidly create robust serverside solutions under the direction of the Lead Developer and Senior Developers  In partnership with Interface Developers, create innovative interface solutions to design challenge  Contribute to team`s development of techniques through discussion and example  Thorough understanding of quality assurance in a development context ****; Interactive Skills  Good knowledge of (X)HTML and CSS  Good knowledge of Javascript  Good knowledge of PHP  Ability to understand and deploy similar embedded serverside scripting language  Ability to understand and deploy Flash or similar interactive elements  Good knowledge of Apache  Good knowledge of UNIX, Linux or Mac OS X development environments  Familiarity with Agile (RAD) development methodology  Knowledge of Wordpress desirable Presentation and Communication Skills  Ability to present technical solutions or issues clearly and succinctly  To be able to develop a constructive and positive relationship with the Client team  Listening skills, how to learn and receive advice from those around them.  Need to judge priorities across several pieces of business and varied levels of activity Personal Skills  A good listener and team player who works well under pressure  Interpretative/lateral thinker  Numerate and with excellent attention to detail  Positive and proactive  Flexible and ability to react quickly If you feel that you have what it takes to work for a leading agency. Please call me ASAP for an immediate interview. PHP, MYSQL Web Developer, Birmingham, ****25,000 Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment specialises in marketing jobs across Creative, PR, Clientside, Account Handling and Executive. We offer unrivalled opportunities across all specialisms and industry sectors, presenting you with only the best marketing jobs. Although we try to respond to all applications, the high number we receive means this isn`t always possible. If you have not heard from us within **** hours, please assume that your application has not been successful. For more information, visit www.blueskiescareers.co.uk and we`ll make sure we do our best to find you the perfect marketing role.