Title: Community Manager
Webindex: 68688030
Company: Bonobo
Description: I am working with a leading integrated design agency based in Central London. They work across digital and print and produce high quality design work for a range of high end clients across a range of sectors. Increasingly they are being asked to develop and run social media projects for their clients so they are looking for someone to take on a Community manager role within the team. The Community manager role will involve leading social media projects for clients, a strong agency social media background will be very important, you will be the main point of contact for clients discussing new opportunities, the development of projects and also analysing results. You will be working multiple projects and building the social media output for the agency. It is a fantastic opportunity for someone who really wants to make a Community Manager role their own and take ownership of an agencies social media projects. Your experience and a bit about the role Ideally with at least 2 years social media marketing experience under your belt, you’ll be highly organised, detailed and have the ability to engage an audience across these multiple channels. You’ll be comfortable developing and rolling out social media strategies, building and managing online communities and writing great social content. A background in content development and social media marketing (or perhaps Online PR) is crucial. Along with a strong understanding of branding and digital. You should have proven knowledge of social channels and social tools. Should be able to oversee complex social projects from beginning to end, taking responsibility for project management as well as being a key client point of contact. As a social specialist, you’ll be on top of new social media tools, policies and trends with a natural passion and desire to keep a close eye on the industry and best practice examples. Some Key Responsibilities  Implementation, management moderation of social communities i.e. Facebook, Twitter, Blogs, Forums, LinkedIn etc.  Lead, plan and generate a schedule of compelling editorial content  Measurement, reporting and analysis of social communications to identify trends, opportunities and behaviours  Content creation across social channels including copy writing for blogs articles  Audience engagement that leads to significant growth and contribution of high quality submissions  Monitor trends in online community tools, trends and applications  Attend events relevant to social media and online marketing  Liaise with creative, accounts and technical teams If this sounds like it might be of interest to you or anybody you know then please do get in touch ASAP to see the full spec and discuss in more detail This position is actively available and urgently looking to be filled. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommunityManager_job****