Title: Web Analytics Analyst
Webindex: 68707938
Company: Michael Page Marketing
Description: Indepth and ad hoc website traffic and customer experience analysis. This is 60% of the role. Produce weekly and monthly web performance reports. Effective and persuasive presentations (verbal and written) for business leaders, marketers and project teams. Work closely with the online business development team and marketing team in order to develop online strategies, improve conversions and monitor trends. Lead development of senior management dashboards. Improve the tools and databases currently in place to increase accuracy and timing of analysis. Coordinating tags, tracking parameter implementations. Documentation relating to existing processes and suggestion / presentations for improving those processes. In addition the Web Analyst will work with the Head o Strong knowledge and solid experience of web analytics packages: experience in using Web trends and Google Analytics are a must Midlevel expertise in the SEM / PPC and SEO strategies Excellent communication (written and oral), presentation skills and ability to interact with all levels of colleagues and senior management in the group Excellent organisational skills and a proven ability to reach deadlines An excellent level of MS Excel is an essential requirement MS Access applied to SQL databases, SPSS and SQL language: advantageous but not essential Leading multi channel retailer. Competitive package. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/WebAnalyticsAnalyst_job****