Title: Account Manager  Branding
Webindex: 68980652
Company: Royds Raphael
Description: Account Manager  Branding A leading consultancy with an innovative approach to branding and a fantastic working culture is looking for an Account Manager to work across a range of exciting projects. The brand consultancy is a leader in the world of design and branding with offices around the globe and highprofile projects. It works with many household names in retail, broadcasting and banking, as well as clients in the nonprofit and cultural sector. This is a superb role for an ambitious Account Manager keen to develop and grow within a role and work with a creative team on interesting, high profile projects. As Account Manager you will take responsibility for a range of branding projects, and working closely with strategists, creatives and account directors you will also work on large, complex global accounts. The role requires the ability to plan and manage projects, including allocating resources, budgeting and coordinating with other team members. The company is looking for an Account Manager who is hungry to learn, optimistic, not afraid to express their opinion but with the tact and diplomacy to work well as part of a collaborative process. Excellent people skills are of course a must, as is a flexible and positive approach. Requirements: Ideally 3 years experience (design, branding, communications agency). Knowledge of photo library, signage, brand guidelines, web, print production or event production an advantage. Languages an advantage Wellorganised, passionate about branding and design and strong project management skills This is a sought after brand agency to work with, that values innovation, initiative and genuine collaboration, and nurtures employees to reach their potential. Based in beautiful offices, the company has a fantastic working culture that places great importance on the wellbeing and happiness of its employees with an excellent in house restaurant, regular social events and many other benefits. Please send your CV to gillroydsraphael.co.uk Sorry, but due to the volume of response only successful candidates will be contacted. Royds Raphael specialising in placing permanent, temporary contract staff in the branding, design, creative, communications media industry.