Title: Account Executive  Medical Education
Webindex: 67058791
Company: Fresh Connect Recruitment
Description: Our client, an exceptionally successful global Healthcare Communications group, is on the hunt for a new Account Executive. This agency has all three specialist teams (PR, Medical Education and Advertising) all under one roof and the teams work in cooperation to give clients optimum results. This innovative, integrated agency has all three sectors covered and talented staff can work synergistically to drive fullservice solutions forward for their clients. Therefore, they are seeking someone with experience across the different disciplines, particularly Medical Communications but ideally some Healthcare PR and or Healthcare Advertising experience too. This London agency is looking for someone with impeccable communication skills and a natural ability to consult effectively with clients. The successful applicant will have the ability to work across a diverse range of programmes and therapeutic areas. Working with some of the UK's most successful pharmaceutical companies, you will drive highprofile campaigns forward and make a real difference to the creation of successful and inspired Medical Education programmes. The role itself will see you managing the daytoday running of client programmes, ensuring that they are implemented according to this agency's quality standards, programme deadlines and measurable objectives. You will regularly liaise with clients and key opinion leaders, developing and maintaining positive relationships. They're looking for someone with the following competencies and personal qualities:  Team working talent  Self development ambition and motivation  Client management experience and ability  Commercial/business awareness  Communication skills  Professional capabilities/creativity  Corporate awareness/company pride This is a great opportunity to become an influential part of a hugely talented and determined team. To be considered, you must have relevant Medical Communications experience, preferably gained from an agency setting, at Account Executive or Senior Account Executive level, as well as strong client consultation, presentation and communication skills. A degree in a science or medical related subject is also vital for this role. If you feel you can shape the way this agency delivers results and you are looking for your next exciting position, where there are rewards to be reaped, apply today For this and similar vacancies please contact Gary Hoult at Fresh Connect on **** **** **** or email garyfreshconnect.co.uk Account Executive, Senior Account Executive, Medical Communications, Medical Comms, Medical Education, Med Ed, Pharma, Pharmaceutical, London. Account Executive, Senior Account Executive, Medical Communications, Medical Comms, Medical Education, Med Ed, Pharma, Pharmaceutical, London.