Title: Social Media Marketing Community Champion
Webindex: 71375769
Company: Siansplan Ltd
Description: Job title: Social Media Marketing Community Champion We are looking for someone to look after our rapidly developing community here at Siansplan.com. You’ll take charge of looking after what’s most important to us and help us grow. We offer you an integral part of our friendly, wellfunded, ambitious and fastgrowing startup. Level: Junior/Mid Location: Belfast, UK Duration: Permanent Summary of the role Building our community of users on our web (and future mobile) application, blog, as well as external platforms including Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter and Instagram. Creating editorial content for our blog, web platform, newsletters etc designed to engage, inform and grow the community. Joining in conversations with customers both public and private to respond to their feedback and requests. Identifying and engaging advocates, collecting testimonials and managing our super users. Supporting the community and devising new strategies to retain users, increase engagement and interaction. Helping to write and upkeep the support section. Benefits of working at Siansplan.com Be one of the first **** employees, getting in at an early stage of an exciting company. Join our small team of smart, driven, funloving people, passionate about what they do. Flexibility to choose the tools you want to get the job done. Competitive salary. About You We are looking for the kind of person who thrives in a startup environment, who loves taking responsibility for their work, understanding and solving problems and can support their teammates as necessary. Highly motivated selfstarter who can work independently with minimal supervision. Eager to learn from others and to share skills with colleagues. Patient, polite and care about making users happy. Reliable, consistent and hardworking. Enjoy the process of writing and creating content for blogs, articles, emails and more. You have high attention to detail. Problemsolver and relish the chance to work independently to achieve results. Natural communicator, and enjoy articulating your point or expressing an idea efficiently, persuasively and fluently. You have a Bachelors Degree, or impressive qualifications specific to this role. You are great to be around. Key Skills Experience of community building for digital products, ideally from creating the community infrastructure and components from scratch, to scaling up community engagement processes as the userbase grows Proven capability of launching/managing a community for a new technology, web or mobile product Good understanding of what motivates a community A web evangelist who actively participates on social media platforms and for whom forums, blogs, Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn are second nature. If you have some of these skills then even better Manage press relations and pitch journalists on our reports/stories Experienced copywriter, especially if in an online marketing/sales environment. What about us? Who are we? Here at Siansplan.com we believe that everyone should can have access to a healthy balanced diet. By building a thoughtful innovative platform that takes into account all of the worries facing families today, we’re taking advantage of modern technology to make it easier for you to keep your family healthy. Already recognised internationally as the ‘Most innovative digital solution for home cooks’ we’re now VC backed there’s no stopping us. We’ve developed a clear strategy to become a global player in eHealth FoodTech markets. You have the opportunity to join us at a very exciting time grow with us. We’re a very flat organisation, everyone has an input and everyones voice is heard. We are looking for people who can set their own direction take pride in what they create. You will be an integral part of the team will see your ideas eventually influencing millions of people worldwide. If you want to be part of this amazing team, please get in touch. http://www.siansplan.com