Title: Client Insight Manager
Webindex: 69168873
Company: O'Neil Consultancy
Description: Always looking for exciting new challenges? Able to use your quantitative and qualitative knowledge in an insightful and consultative manner? If the answer is yes, then we need you My client is a global market research company, helping the biggest names in retail and FMCG to understand their customers and enhance their brand performance, you will look after both new and existing bluechip clients. About the role: Key accountabilities for our roles include: Developing strong relationships with key stakeholders in areas such as Marketing, Brand Management, Consumer Insight Sales  Be prepared to present key insights around strategic trends Delivering strategic insights that will help your clients grow their categories and brands, by analysing and utilising data on what consumers buy (retail measurement and consumer panel data) and working with colleagues to leverage insights around what consumers watch say.  Define the client objectives and involve the appropriate experts to optimise the existing relationship (modelling techniques, qualitative research, digital/online, new product developments, media, etc.)  Identify business opportunities through capitalising on client needs as well as through crosscountry analysis and coordinate with the appropriate entities.  Drive further penetration of the client organisation Developing and delivering against account plans to support your clients business objectives Taking responsibility for revenue and client satisfaction targets for your accounts. Managing the day to day liaison and coordination of servicing for your key client contacts QualificationsQualifications What we need from you: To succeed in this role you will need:  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.  Strong attention to detail.  Excellent numerical and analytical skills.  To be an enthusiastic team player, capable of working proactively  To be resultsoriented and able to work to tight deadlines. You will have a background within research perhaps from another agency or working within a large FMCG company and looking to further your career at the world’s largest market research agency. You will possess a solid understanding of the FMCG sector. Your strong analytical skills, astute commercial acumen and pinsharp client focus will make you indispensable to both our own business and those of our clients.  Candidates must be eligible to work and reside in the UK. Locations include: Mainly Oxford, however we do also recruit for Birmingham Harrogate This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ClientInsightManager_job****