Title: Customer Marketing Manager – Snacking
Webindex: 68890390
Company: Tarsh Lazare Marketing Recruitment
Description: Customer Marketing Manager Snacking ****K50K  Car Allowance  Bonus Greater London TL**** Strong shopper or customer marketing management experience is key for this challenging new role focused on building an occasion based marketing strategy built around snacking for this global food and confectionery company. Working with major retail customers in the UK market, your challenge will be to lead the development of the inhome snacking agenda and vision using consumer and shopper insight to identify opportunities for growth across different food categories. This will include developing specific snacking shopper marketing and instore programmes, as well as, working closely with brand and category teams to ensure appropriate category, brand and packaging formats are available within the retail channel. Our Ideal Candidate With a background gained in a shopper, customer or perhaps a brand marketing role, you will have a strong grasp of the UK grocery sector with experience of understanding and influencing customer strategies and agendas and developing shopper based marketing initiatives. . You will also have a good grasp of using consumer data to understand market and shopper issues with the ability to translate these into clear business priorities and recommendations. This is a role for a commercially savvy and strong strategic thinker with excellent influencing, collaboration and communication skills. Company Profile Our client is a global leader in the FMCG food drink industry with a huge range of market leading brands purchased by people in well over 150 countries millions of times each day. A leader in innovation, marketing, health wellness and sustainability, this company consistently breaks new ground, driving existing and new brands into its markets with substantial support budgets, clear strategic leadership and a passion for responding to consumer needs and desires. Tarsh Lazare is committed to finding the right roles for talented candidates. We are a leading name in marketing recruitment. We have extensive marketing recruitment experience working with brand management, communications, category management and insight/research specialists. If you would like to discuss this role, or any other roles that might be suitable, please email or call one of the team now on **** **** ****