Title: Senior Data Planner
Webindex: 67303575
Company: Lloyd Recruitment
Description: Senior Data Planner  London Agency  c****k This dynamic, forwardlooking agency has a small, friendly, independent feel but is supported by the resources of an international group of companies that includes agency and ownbrand businesses. The role is an excellent one for an experienced Senior Data Planner, to join the Data team to work on a wide range of clients across the agency business as well as internal clients. You will use data insight to support campaign and product development as well as creating intelligent results through campaign evaluation and reporting and providing key data insight to support businesscritical decisions across internal and external clients. Reporting into the General Manager, the Senior Data Planner will be working with a team of analysts as well as account planning staff and internal stakeholders. The successful candidate will be responsible for driving the agency s approach to data planning and making sure that opportunities for using data are optimised across all client business. As Senior Data Planner you will work with other planning and account staff to contribute to the overall strategic approach for a client. The agency is looking for a candidate who is selfmotivated and is comfortable working autonomously or as part of a team. It is essential that the Senior Data Planner is comfortable drafting and presenting to clients and internal audiences and has the ability to talk about data in an interesting an informative way. Additional capabilities required Data skills essential  able to manipulate, analyze and interpret data, using Excel, Access or SPSS (experience of other tools would be considered) Understanding of the complexities and sensitivities involved in interpreting data and numeric information. Experience in working within a Marketing function either agency or clientside Proven ability to develop a data strategy for clients, from the planning stage to evaluation, including developing targeting strategies Experience in providing a strategic sounding board for your clients and your account team  providing recommendations on all things data. Unfortunately, due to the high volume of applications, we are only able to contact shortlisted candidates