Title: Data Analyst  Retail, Mobile Telecoms
Webindex: 71857146
Company: DWC
Description: The newly created role of Data Analyst is responsible for providing maintenance and analysis of retail data gathered from a variety of sources. Based Surrey, salary ********k dependent on experience. THE COMPANY Innovation focussed and trend leading, all eyes are currently on this company. Historically a global market leader in high tech electronics and digital media, our client is creating a diverse and entrepreneurial environment for employees to develop and enhance their careers. THE ROLE Working in a fast paced, dynamic and autonomous environment the Data Analyst is a brand new position that has been created to provide reporting and insight into how the retail space is performing. Taking data from a variety of sources the Data Analyst will maintain the internal market communication system, as well as being creative in developing solutions to reporting insight. The Data Analyst will have the ability to identify sales opportunities through the insight they gather and be confident in feeding this back to senior management. THE PERSON The ideal Data Analyst will be come from a retail environment within an Analytical role. They will have an understanding of KPI s and business plans to ensure the company s performance in store is the best it can be. The Data Analyst will be proactive in their approach, confident in presenting ideas and information to senior management, and have passion and enthusiasm for the division they work in. The Data Analyst will have experience of working to tight, changing deadlines and working in a team environment. Being numerate and having a strong eye for detail is essential. The Daniel Williams Consultancy, a Hamilton Bradshaw Company chaired by James Caan, has been operating exclusively within the FMCG, Retail, Business to Business and Automotive sectors since **** In 2011 Hamilton Bradshaw was named by Recruitment International as the fastest growing recruitment group in the world, having grown a portfolio with a turnover approaching 500m in less than five years of trading. DWC have built an unrivalled reputation for service excellence with both clients and candidates and whether you re a talented professional looking for a new career move or a business looking to recruit key personnel you can be assured our knowledgeable, industry specific consultants will successfully partner you through the process.