Title: Graduate Sales Marketing Assistant
Webindex: 72680205
Company: Origin RPM Limited
Description: Origin RPM s client is one of the largest online shaving and grooming suppliers in Europe. Our warehouse is packed with **** s of top quality, shaving, grooming and waxing products for men and women. We pride ourselves in stocking not only shaving and grooming essentials but niche products that our competitors cannot source such as vintage razors and brands from Spain, Portugal, USA and Italy. We now require a Graduate Sales Marketing Assistant to assist with developing the business on and offline, supporting daily administrative and warehouse tasks, and ensuring our customers get the high standards of service they have come to expect. Key Duties: Sales  Taking/recording sales, sending order confirmations to customers from our website and over the telephone. Manufacturer/Production Management  ordering stock and raw materials, and liaising with suppliers manufacturers booking in deliveries of stock. Assisting the management team in maintaining stock levels. Website digital  uploading products, creating/sending out newsletters, and updating social media content eg Facebook, Twitter, and others. Internet orders  responsible for all aspects of the internet sales platform, including enquiries, orders, and picking packing of items. The ideal candidate for this exciting role will be degreequalified, in Business, Marketing, or a related subject. Previous experience in a Sales or Marketing role is desirable, but the most importantly you must display the drive, enthusiasm, and strong work ethic necessary to be a success in the role. Strong IT skills are essential, and you ll need to demonstrate a flair for digital social media. Fluency in Spanish, French and or Italian would be an advantage. Are you the right person for the job? Please get in touch with us just via the APPLY button below. All applicants will be notified by email with instructions to complete an online assessment for the position  this should take no more than **** minutes, and will require you to attach your CV.