Title: Field Campaign Manager / Membership Officer  Leading Trade Union
Webindex: 66314433
Company: Recruitment Revolution
Description: Field Campaign Manager / Membership Officer  Leading Trade Union Organisation Working remote to cover Leicestershire, Norfolk, Suffolk, Northamptonshire, Cambridgeshire and North Bedfordshire **** P/A Benefits We are the Union for Life with a 21st Century vision about representing communities with common interests. The Role: Reporting to the National Operations Officer, the Campaign Manager s key aim is that of membership Recruitment, Retention Organizing to support the Union s national strategy. The successful applicant will also be coordinating campaign activities to maximise recruitment opportunities while strategically and constructively working towards raising the profile of Community by building sustainable relationships with stakeholders and community organisations to advance the ethos of the Union. Key Results Areas: > Maintain increase membership and retention levels > A committed and strategic approach to Organising, Recruitment Retention. > Securing a high profile for Community through servicing campaign activities. > Building maintaining strong partnerships with all stakeholders (internal external) > Liaise with Branches and work towards ensuring Branch Officials are (or working towards) becoming selfsufficient. The Field Campaign Manager / Membership Officer will need to have the following skills, knowledge and experience: > Good knowledge and understanding of organising concepts to ensure recruitment/retention targets objectives are met. > Ability to support, mentor develop lay reps activists > Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills > Proficient with the use of IT packages (Microsoft information systems) > Ability to meet deadlines, work flexibly and under pressure > Understanding of equal opportunities policy and practice > Understanding of employment law related to TU membership, Health Safety employment rights would be a bonus It is essential that the successful candidate has a full driving licence. We are an Equal Opportunities Employer who has achieved Investors In People Bronze status, Workers With Disabilities Award and Good Corporation. You may have worked in the following capacities: Trade Union Membership Officer, Sales and Marketing Officer, Marketing and Events Officer, Membership Marketing Officer, Membership Recruitment Executive, Membership Campaign Officer. Application Statement: By applying for this role you give express consent for us to process submit (subject to required skills) your application to our client in conjunction with this vacancy only. The Field Campaign Manager / Membership Officer is brought to you by RecruitmentRevolution.com The UK's first online recruitment agency created ****