Title: Publicity and Communications Assistant
Webindex: 72120798
Company: Hays Specialist Recruitment   Further Education
Description: Our client is a leading provider of a wide range of Further, Adult Education, Apprenticeship and training programmes. They offer commercial training programmes across various business sectors and a large apprenticeship programme, with each area offering significant opportunities for growth. We are now seeking an enthusiastic and resourceful candidate to join the team, developing the organisation brand and realising those opportunities. This presents a fantastic opportunity for the appointed candidate to join a successful team, within a reputable and forward thinking college. You will be offered the opportunity to work in an exciting and dynamic environment, with a competitive salary, generous holiday allowance, a final salary pension scheme, onsite fitness facilities, and a commitment to your ongoing training through our award winning staff development programme. The overriding priority is the further development of business and interaction with employers and the business community. You will contribute to the publicity and communications in respect of adult education, business training, and apprenticeships. You will contribute to the overall achievement of income and recruitment targets. It is essential that the colleges reputation for high quality and professionalism is constantly maintained and reinforced. The successful candidate will have a range of broad practical experience in Marketing. You will have strong creative and interpersonal skills and enjoy working with people across a wide range of business sectors. You will have a vibrant and positive outlook, be a self starter with high levels of personal initiative and energy. Excellent technical skills are essential, including strong writing skills and the ability to generate high quality and engaging publicity materials. Applicants will have previous experience with Education and/ or Training and have a sound knowledge of the Further Education, Adult Education, Apprenticeship and training sectors. For more information and to apply, please contact Dave Roberts at Hays Further Education on (Apply online only) or at dave Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at (url removed)