Title: Senior Digital Marketing Executive
Webindex: 69022357
Company: Kelburn Recruitment
Description: Our client is a prestigious North East organisation and a leading player in online gaming are seeking a Digital Marketing professional to join their rapidly expanding and successful team. They offer a substantial marketing budget which includes a constant presence with TV advertising, inserts in magazines and a comprehensive online advertising programme which encompasses pay per click (PPC), Display, Search Engine Optimisation (SEO) and an affiliate programme. Supporting the Head of Marketing, this role offers a wide exposure to all marketing channels and you ll work together along with the Marketing Assistant to deliver against demanding targets. Your Role: Reporting to the Head of Marketing, you will be required to take daytoday responsibility for the implementation and management of the online channels, specifically PPC and affiliate channels to drive acquisitions and support the retention programme. You will be the pivotal marketing representative and therefore be a key point of contact for the technical development team, customer services, affiliate and advertising agencies. You will be involved with: Be the main point of contact between the client and the PPC agency, monitoring weekly campaign results, ad copy and optimisation of the overall campaign across all platforms (desktop, mobile and tablet) Specifically, manage all day to day running on the affiliate programme including working directly with affiliates and affiliate networks, recruiting new affiliates, manage the communication programme, monitor and evaluate commission structures, monitor coverage for our client and competitors and maximise player promotions through this channel. Exploring and developing other performance based marketing channels both off and online. Assisting the management of marketing and product innovations through specific initiatives Manage external agencies and suppliers in addition to ensuring that all work undertaken is in line with the brand strategy and business objectives are on budget, working closely with the Marketing Assistant who will be a creative support to this role. You will have: Preferably a degree or CIM qualification, with a marketing background, preferably with experience with PPC / Affiliates An analytical thinker. Reporting, digesting and providing recommendations for enhancement to the advertising channels will be an important aspect of this role An outgoing and confident personality with excellent attention to detail, and the ability to work to deadlines The ability to manage a number of projects simultaneously, and show good problem solving ability with attention to detail Excellent communication skills and the ability to work both within a team environment. Salary ****  ****