Title: Global Consumer Insight Manager
Webindex: 66574487
Company: Tarsh Lazare Marketing Recruitment
Description: Global Consumer Insight Manager c.****K****K Package  Excellent Benefits London TL**** Here s one fantastic opportunity to take your insight skills into the exciting and dynamic drinks sector working with global and local teams to drive consumer thinking for a global power brand. This leading international company needs a truly consumer focused, strategic thinking, problem solving, intellectuallyagile researcher who can deliver competitive advantage through compelling and actionable insight. You ll excel at getting under the consumer s skin understanding what drives brand interest and engagement and continually looking for insights to shape brand positioning, innovation and packaging development, engagement platforms, shopper purchase decisions, evaluation of marketing effectiveness and analysis of brand health. This challenging role will enable you to apply your skills in a dynamic and paced environment where brands are a priority and growth objectives ambitious. Our Ideal Candidate Exceptional consumer insight research skills are essential for this demanding role. With experience spanning advertising creative development, innovation, positioning, segmentation and shopper insight, you ll have a track record of proactively advising senior marketing teams analysing data from multiple data sources and distilling it into tangible and meaningful insights that drive brand and business growth. You will almost certainly have a background in a senior clientside insight role and/or in a leading research agency or consultancy, with a passion for understanding consumer behaviour and the commercial savvy to translate this into business opportunities and recommendations. Candidates must have a broad range of handson research project management and data analysis experience, covering qual quant approaches and syndicated market and consumer data too, ideally with experience of working internationally. Strong influencing and stakeholder management skills are key, with the ability to motivate and sell ideas to different markets within a complicated matrix structure of interrelated teams. Experience in the drinks category, soft or alcoholic, would be an advantage. Company Profile This major international business has an array of highprofile brands that would excite any marketing research or marketing professional. With a truly global presence in a number of different categories, from premium to everyday, our client builds strong brand platforms, supporting its business with heavyweight, cutting edge A P activity and a constant drive to innovate. Tarsh Lazare is committed to finding the right roles for talented candidates. We are a leading name in marketing recruitment with extensive marketing and recruitment experience working with brand management, communications, category management, customer marketing, brand consulting and insight/research specialists across a wide range of industry sectors. If you would like to discuss this role, or any other roles that might be suitable, please email or call one of the team now on **** **** ****