Title: Integrated Designer  Design Agency
Webindex: 69247925
Company: SEARCH PARTY
Description: A Lead Integrated Designer role in a successful boutique design agency. It is a politics free, friendly and happy culture. A unique mix of clients keeps all in the agency creatively challenged. A new Integrated Designer role in a successful boutique design and communications agency. It is a politics free and happy environment. They are strong account management, project management, creative and technical people who are about bringing ideas to life into digital and off line channels. A **** person creative agency with a **** year award winning track record. This is about enjoying your work, friendships, honesty and a no nonsense approach. This Designer role is for someone who loves all things design and digital. They are strong in digital from social media communications, websites, to mobile apps, but they are truly integrated in all their work. Their client based is mixed too, versatile style and attitude is required contemporary, traditional, corporate, off the wallyou ll need to love them all. From developing campaign concepts, brand ID s, copy ideas and straplines, brainstorming, scamping, visualising brand experiences, or developing the finer points of a brand s online communicationsyou name itthis position is a proper fullon, handson creative role. They are looking for an integrated designer with excellent Photoshop, Indesign, Illustrator, pen and paper skilled and able with the odd copy line. You ll need to be a good communicator of ideas to clients and be a quality and detail nut that knows print processes and can spot a dodgy job at **** paces. Not all their clients are the big brand names but they are certainly innovative, more interesting less run of the mill clients whether it is a Michelin star chef or a children s charity in India. Clients spread from Finance to the high profile Arts industry. A good mix that keeps all at the agency creatively challenged. A very warm and friendly environment, not a salesy agency environment. A good creative agency to grow your experience and develop your career. This role will turn into the agencies Art Director. A well managed, financially secure design agency. If you would like to gain further details on them please email your CV to me, Graham; grahamsearchpartydigital.com An integrated designer role.