Title: Email Marketing Specialist
Webindex: 68672306
Company: SRGEurope
Description: SRGEurope have been appointed to recruit a Email Marketing Specialist to join a leading Online Gaming company based at their corporate headquarters in Gibraltar. This job is ideal for an experienced Online Gaming professional with vast Sales including Email Marketing experience specifically within the Casino product. This is an excellent opportunity to join a well established and progressive company in the Online Gaming sector. The successful applicant will report to the company's Head of Retention. The team vision is to Retain, Grow and Reactivate profitable players by providing relevant, responsive and valuable communication and adapting Product, Price, Placement and Promotion to meet the needs of the segment. The focus of this role is to develop, manage and execute cross sell activities from initiation to completion between the company's current and future brands. IDEAL EMAIL MARKETING SPECIALIST KEY RESPONSIBILITIES ARE: Manage cross customer interaction with a view of a cross selling across the player journey and lifecycle Utilising different communication channel methods to achieve better results of cross selling players from one brand to another Developing and implementing cross sell strategy to promote Company brands using internal and external tools/routes Creating methodologies to leverage current data bases to promote brands with the aim of optimising results Define reports to measure success trends and delivery, and communicate results back to the Business. Working closely with other departments within the Business to manage and coordinate cross selling activities Define the business requirement document and deliver communication methods/channels based on the above THE IDEAL EMAIL MARKETING SPECIALIST MUST HAVE: A minimum of 3 years experience of working in a Sales and Marketing role with a sound understanding of email systems i.e. tracking Previous experience of working in an online environment with a sound understanding of cross selling across the whole business Wide understanding and experience in all online areas i.e. acquisition, website. Excellent organisation and prioritisation skills Strong ability to interpret and make action plans based on data Highly motivated and committed to achieve and optimise results Highly innovative with a creative and visionary approach; Ability to work independently and work closely with other departments; Strong Team player; Demonstrated competence to a level equivalent to a Degree ideally in a mathematical or economic discipline; The successful candidate will be offered an excellent basic salary, great bonus and commission opportunities, pension and private healthcare plan. Local candidates with the relevant Casino experience will be at an advantage. If you feel you have the necessary attributes as a Email Marketing Specialist, please apply now for immediate consideration. Skills: | Casino | Cross Sales | Online | Gaming | Marketing | Retention | Campaign | Business Development | This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EmailMarketingSpecialist_job****