Title: PHP Developer  Red Aware Digital Ltd  London
Webindex: 69993130
Company: Red Aware Digital Ltd
Description: We are looking for a talented, enthusiastic and experienced mid level PHP web developer to join our small, friendly and dynamic marketing team based in Canary Wharf, London. Our company offers the following services: website design development, web application development, mobile application design development, graphic design print (digital, litho large format). We are also the Printing.com franchise for Canary Wharf. Your key role will involve innovative thinking, coupled with design knowledge and expertise in order to produce engaging, functional websites and web applications for new and existing clients as well as internal projects. You will be working as part of the development team to produce bespoke websites, web applications iPhone application CMS systems API’s. Experience in web design development using PHP OOP, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS, website usability, good site architecture and other web technologies is of the utmost importance. MVC framework experience is also a required skill; preferably the Yii Framework (PHP). This role would suit an intelligent midlevel web developer who thrives on problem solving and working on complex and exciting web applications. In return you will be given support, the opportunity for progression within the business and the opportunity to develop your career in a variety of directions. You will directly report to the Digital Media Director. The ideal candidate must be able to: Work, and communicate well, within a growing and dynamic team. Develop websites using PHP OOP, HTML, CSS and other web technologies. Starting salary:  **** per annum Contract type: **** month fixed term contract with the intention to become permanent after this initial period. Any candidates applying for this position must be able to start immediately. Please supply a CV and any additional information you feel will will aid your application. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PHPDeveloperRedAwareDigitalLtdLondon_job****