Title: Senior Marketing Planner  Campaign
Webindex: 71432270
Company: Avon Cosmetics
Description: Senior Marketing Planner – Campaign team We are looking for a dynamic individual to join our commercial marketing team. In t his position you would be responsible for working as part of our marketing planning team to produce brochure plans within set quarters of the annual campaign cycle. You will work from the initial planning stages of a campaign through to the brochure plan sign off. The position will also work collaboratively with other senior marketing campaign planners in the Region to share and implement best practice. The position will manage the campaign planners and will ensure all work is carried out on time and in line with the print schedule. What experience you would need? Marketing planning experience and experience of marketing analysis or statistical analysis Proven ability to be able to quickly develop effective working relationships You must have great communication and presentation skills Educated to degree level Ability to motivate and manage a team Experience of dealing with a high level of coordination and working cross functionally Working in a fast moving environment with a proven track record of working to deadlines The ability to quickly react to change and an openness to new ways of working In the role you will: Build Manage Marketing Plan Prepare campaign analysis including main events and recommendations for the following annual plan Collate learnings from previous campaigns together with the annual plan to produce the campaign parameters and main events chart Support the Campaign Manager in the production of the quarterly campaign plan using inputs from the annual campaign parameters and plan Collate and analyse data to refine and update the draft quarterly marketing plan Developing Content Accountable for developing the draft quarterly pagination Performing a review of estimates against targets to identify gaps at quarterly level Running the financial statistics report and statistic reports Developing brochure guidelines and campaign theme Accountable for creating briefs for multicategory spreads Coordinating all changes to brochure plans Analyse Campaign Reviewing trend reports from a campaign perspective and developing commentary Preparing contingency plans and business cases based on the trend report Accountable for the production of the contingency plan Responsible for producing the finalised contingency plan which will be agreed by the Campaign Manager Briefing the creative team for contingency actions, responsible for distributing paginations with the local marketing teams and print and production and the final check of all spreads People Leadership: Accountable for development of the team to drive for raising the talent within the team to build a sustainable talent pipeline. Assess and create future development options and succession Matrix Relationships and Interfaces Integrating and aligning with matrix stakeholders such as Commercial Strategy, Creative, Field, Finance etc. Why work for Avon : Creating the perfect shade of lipstick is one way to add beauty to a woman’s life. Another is by giving her an opportunity to earn money to provide for her family. Avon is a company where beauty is defined by possibility  for yourself, your career and the world around you. Your head says build your career with a global beauty icon. Your heart says work at a company that makes a difference. We say, work at Avon and do both. We’re the world’s number one direct selling company, an $**** billion success story that has empowered women for more than 125 years. Work at the company that sells four lipsticks every second and creates **** new products every year. Be a part of an organisation whose corporate philanthropy has raised more than $800 million to keep women secure and healthy. Believe in your success at Avon . Make a difference in beaut y. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorMarketingPlannerCampaign_job****