Title: Insight & Modelling  Analyst & Manager Vacancies
Webindex: 68062160
Company: Henry Nicholas Associates
Description: An established, very stable financial services organisation is launching an exciting new brand in 2013 and as a result they`re building an expert CRM team from scratch in Bristol. With a vibrant, funky new feel, a fantastic product offering, a dynamic and cutting edge approach to consumer marketing, this is set to be one of the most exciting programmes that the financial services sector has seen to date  a far cry from the librarylike feel you might have come to expect from your high street bank. From a marketing perspective the challenge doesn`t get much better than this Within the CRM team are a number of Strategic Insight roles from midweight modelling roles up to team manager (but still hands on) level. For the Insight roles you`ll need to have good SQL user level skills, or perhaps SAS / KXEN skills, able to interrogate data and draw intelligence, insight, to inform marketing decisions. For modellers there are SAS and KXEN focussed roles. Whether you are Analyst level, Team Lead or Manager level, there are roles to cater for most. Modelling / Insight team responsibilities are to:  Provide highly actionable ****? customer insights that will drive material improvements in business unit financial performance.  Support ad hoc analyses, construction of regular reporting MI and handover of regular reporting into a robust operational process once construction is complete.  Support and influence decision making via bespoke insights, creating economies of scale, learning ensuring expertise is fully exploited  Understand the needs of the business and work closely with internal customers to ensure Insight solutions are tailored and relevant to deliver value.  Input into the development of the data infrastructure which supports strategic insights, working closely with colleagues in the CRM team  Establish relationships with key customers, suppliers, colleagues and peers to obtain/exchange information, identify and implement best practices and where appropriate ascertain customer`s future requirements.  Ensure compliance with the Bank`s procedure guidelines, reporting requirements and books of instructions as well as any relevant and statutory requirements. Insight / Modelling team competencies:  Proven expertise in using customer information effectively in a CRM context.  Strong communications and stakeholder management skills which enable others to understand specialist terminology.  Background of working in an environment with commercially sensitive data and data protection responsibilities.  Strong analytics or statistical background  either SQL user level for insight roles or SAS or XKEN for Modelling roles.  Attention to detail to ensure quality output from the team  Team working and helping others to learn.  Adapting to change uncertainty. The successful Insight and Modelling Analysts (including team lead and manager roles) will have experience in a modelling / segmentation role dealing with consumer data for marketing purposes. Ideally you`ll have worked with large databases of customer transactional data. You`ll ideally have experience working with SAS, SPSS, or SQL in the context of Insight and Modelling or consumer behaviour for marketing purposes. Training on SAS may be offered to candidates who are exceptional. The salary and benefits packages on offer are exceptional (please enquire for details) and the worklife balance is second to none. Candidates with a young family may be particularly pleased to hear more about these roles and benefits as well as the potential for flexible working arrangements. This is an exceptional set of opportunities with a gamechanging brand. If you are excited by the sound of this role and have the relevant skills, please send your CV to t.allenhenrynicholas.co.uk. Insight Analyst  Exciting new CRM programme in Bristol This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InsightModellingAnalystManagerVacancies_job****