Title: Customer Insight and Campaign Manager : B2B
Webindex: 69023163
Company: Greenhill
Description: A regional business leader is seeking a confident and ambitious Customer Insight and Campaign Manager to fill a datadriven marketing role Customer Insight and Campaign Manager : B2B  Cambridgeshire : Competitive Salary  Benefits : ref: ****LW Are you highly analytical with solid communication and interpersonal skills? Are you a driven B2B and B2C marketing or research professional with broad commercial knowledge? Our client is the largest in their field in this region and they are going through an exciting time of change, resulting in a new Customer Insight and Campaign Manager within their marketing team. We are looking for an analytical and proactive Customer Insight and Campaign Manager to gather, analyse and interpret market and competitor information in order to plan, develop and implement effective data driven marketing campaigns to drive sales, brand awareness, customer acquisition and retention. Your key responsibilities as the Customer Insight and Campaign Manager will include (but are not limited to):  Market intelligence and competitor analysis.  Customer research and insight e.g. focus groups, customer satisfaction surveys, etc.  Identifying market trends and opportunities.  Database analysis and market segmentation.  Interpret the findings to develop and deliver targeted campaigns.  Campaign management and analysis : Email, direct mail, online, advertising, events, internal communications, PR and outdoor campaigns.  Brand positioning. The successful candidate will ideally have a degree (or equivalent) with previous experience of market research and managing campaigns, direct marketing and/or database segmentation, ideally within both B2B and B2C environments. A marketing qualification is advantageous but not essential. Exceptional analytical, communication and organisation skills are fundamental to the role. The ideal candidate will enjoy using their initiative and have a strong commercial awareness. As a Customer Insight and Campaign Manager, you will be offered a competitive salary with benefits and the opportunity to make an impression and a difference within a highly regarded and expanding organisation. Due to the location, you will need to be able to drive with access to a car as this will not be accessible by public transport. If you feel your skills meet the requirements of this Customer Insight and Campaign Manager position and you`d like to be considered for the role, apply today Why not refer a friend for ****? Greenhilld conditions apply Greenhill Group is a Sales and Marketing consultancy who operate within East Anglia. Therefore we will only accept applications from candidates who have permanent residency in the UK. Candidates who do not meet this criteria need not apply. Greenhillnot contact you within one week of your application, unfortunately we are not able to assist you in your search for employment at the present time. Greenhill Group only advertise a small proportion of sales & marketing roles on this site. Please take a look at our website or contact us, in confidence, to discuss other opportunities with our experienced sales & marketing consultants