Title: SEO Apprentice Analyst (German speaking)
Webindex: 69688033
Company: iCrossing
Description: We have an exciting opportunity for a SEO Apprentice Analyst (German speaking ) to join our team in London paying between ****  **** Do you love innovative digital marketing environments? Would you like to help some of the world s biggest companies bring their brands to life in search and social media spaces including Google, YouTube, Facebook, and Twitter, in a fastpaced, awardwinning agency? iCrossing UK is a digital marketing agency specialising in data driven strategies to build connected brands. We blends bestinclass digital marketing services  including paid media, search engine optimisation, creative, Web development, social media, UX, research and analytics  to create integrated digital marketing programmes that engage consumers and drive ROI. Our UK client base includes such recognised brands as The CocaCola Company, LG Electronics, The LEGO Group, Heathrow and M S Money. The SEO Apprentice Analyst will research and map online communities, identify, approach and build relationships with influencers in order to increase brand visibility and reputation of a wide portfolio of bluechip clients. You will research relevant keywords and optimise website content. The SEO Apprentice Analyst will be a lateral thinker, with good written skills and a meticulous eye for detail. Most importantly you will be passionate about the internet, willing to learn and keen to innovate. This is an excellent opportunity for someone who is looking to start their career in digital marketing or build up on their previous experience in an international environment. SEO Apprentice Analyst (Germany Speaking) Skills, knowledge and experience:  Fluent in German with strong spelling and grammar (native language level)  Good written and spoken English essential  Able to research and write to a high editorial standard a key advantage  Experience in blogging an advantage  Experience in engaging in forums and social networks an advantage  Knowledge of search engine optimisation techniques preferred but not essential  Knowledge of website build (HTML) and webanalytics an advantage  Strong communication skills as identified in the main duties of the post  Strong listening and questioning skills  Ability to cope with competing demands and to prioritise tasks  Capable of hands on problemsolving, with ability to generate ideas and solutions  Capable of working independently and as part of the project team  Have responsibility as an individual  Ability to use MS Word, Excel, Powerpoint, web browser and email  A positive attitude to dealing with people 1st interview available over Skype. To apply for this exciting SEO Apprentice Analyst (German Speaking) opportunity, please click Apply to send us your CV and cover letter.