Title: Conferencing and Event Sales Manager
Webindex: 66909686
Company: Portsmouth Cultural Trust
Description: TITLE: Conferencing and Event Sales Manager DEPARTMENT: Operations RESPONSIBLE TO: Head of Operations HOURS: **** per week PAY : ****k  commission Purpose of Job To manage and develop the Guildhall as a centre for conferencing, functions and events. To introduce new corporate and private business to the venue thereby maximising the use of its many areas, and to help develop a corporate offer in line with a venue of this size and significance. To ensure that the Guildhall s facilities are promoted and that these events are delivered to the highest possible standard. Principal Responsibilities 1. To lead and manage the development of the Guildhall as a major conference and events centre. To develop alongside the Head of Marketing the correct promotional materials and to develop a client database. To build and develop key business relationships and to ensure the Guildhall is connected to all the key business and corporate networks which will help with its development. **** To manage and oversee all the key client relationships, to understand the clients requirements and to take a lead on the planning and delivery of all events. To work with colleagues on the delivery of the catering and technical offer and to ensure that all clients are met with a first class service. **** To act as a cost centre manager for Conferencing and Events, managing a budget and ensuring that all events are correctly costed and the necessary information is communicated to the client. **** To manage all enquiries, ensuring a quick and efficient response is issued and that all necessary information is shared and properly communicated with colleagues. **** To understand Health and Safety in the context of the event and to ensure that all procedures are correctly adhered to. **** To report to the Head of Operations on development and to regularly report into the Guildhall Management Team. Other The post holder will be required to work flexibly to meet the needs of the department, this might require working evenings, weekends and Bank Holidays. Context In October 2010, Portsmouth City Council decided to create an independent Not for Profit Distributing Organisation or NPDO to take over the running of the Guildhall. In December 2010, the Portsmouth Cultural Trust was created. The Trust is a Company Limited by Guarantee, which is a notforprofit organisation overseen by a Board of Directors. The Trust has applied to become a charity with a Board of Trustees. The Cultural Trust is a completely independent body which receives a grant from the Council and it operates the Guildhall under a ****year lease. The Guildhall is a major concert centre with a history of attracting some of the world s top artists. Artists including the Beetles, the Rolling Stones and The Who have all performed at the venue and more recently the venue has hosted Mumford and Sons, Russell Watson and The Scissor Sisters. The Guildhall has magnificent lounges and rooms which occasionally host weddings, conferences and functions. The Guildhall s stated objectives are to be a venue which is serious about its music provision and has a realistic desire to become a major conference centre for both the city of Portsmouth and the region. The Guildhall regularly attracts in excess of **** a year and plans to double this number within five years. Person Specification (Please see attached document or visit www.portsmouthguildhall.org.uk) Closing Date: 8th February 2013. Interviews will take place week commencing 18th Feb 2013 Send CV References to : Sharon.hammondportsmouthguildhall.org.uk For more info visit: www.portsmouthguildhall.org.uk