Title: Graduate Marketing Trainee  Immediate Start
Webindex: 68697490
Company: Live Innovations
Description: Graduate Marketing Trainee  Immediate Start Start 2013 On The Right Foot With A New Career No Experience Required  Product Training Offered Live Innovations is the premier outsourced sales and marketing company in London. We service FTSE 100 companies through to local business with a unique, direct, facetoface approach. Our clients require a great team of sales reps to represent them in the London area, and we're looking to diversify our client portfilo in 2013, so we need to develop Graduate Trainee Marketing Sales Executive straight away. Experience is not necessary, so this could be your opportunity to forge a career within the business industry Graduate Marketing Trainees : Meet with current and new customers Promote clients products and services Are able to learn and grow at their own pace Travel throughout London to represent clients Assist in Improving and revisiting direct marketing strategies Applicants Must: Be over **** and eligible to work in the UK Be willing to learn and accept feedback Enjoy working with customers facetoface Be able to commute to Central London daily If you feel you're ready for an opportunity to get started in the business industry, then this Graduate Trainee Marketing Sales Executive opening could be what you have been waiting for. We operate in a performancebased industry, so earnings are uncapped, based on completed sales, and paid out on a weekly basis. Growth opportunities will become available as we expand our client portfolio, and we always look to develop from within, so people looking for rapid advancement based on results are encouraged to send their cv. Our clients have a support network set up and to give people the start they need; we want people with drive to send their CVs through now What happens next? All applicants will be screened and successful ones will be contacted via email or phone within **** hours. Following initial facetoface meetings, we’d like to invite a select group back to observe a day of field sales operations so we can both make a more educated final decision. This is part of the recruitment process and participants will not receive compensation; this is an entirely voluntary day. Those given the opportunity to represent our clients will then be offered producttraining workshops, the opportunity to spend time in the field working alongside others, and ongoing guidance and support. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateMarketingTraineeImmediateStart_job****