Title: Email Marketing exec
Webindex: 71435683
Company: Michael Page Marketing
Description: The successful candidate will be responsible for targeting, segmentation, creation, deployment, list management, surveys, tracking and reporting within this fast paced email industry. Belonging to the campaign management team, you will be responsible for managing and delivering against a client`s expectations, reporting into the Email Campaign Manager you will also be responsible for:  Daily contact with key clients to manage email marketing campaigns  Understanding and deploying best practice email expertise  Monitoring email campaign transmission, delivery and response  Managing multiple email cells to ensure timely delivery fitting within clients campaign schedules  Making recommendations to clients on ways to improve their campaign performance  Presenting to the A graduate with 1 years experience, basic HTML and CSS skills with a desire to learn more. Great attention to detail and task management, aptitude for creativity and branding principles. Above all, you must have a strong work ethic, be hardworking and a good communicator. A passion for digital marketing is essential. Leading digital marketing agency based in the north west offering the following services:  Online tracking and web analytics  Data services such as segmentation and profiling, data capture and cleanse, data integration and sourcing third party data  Adserving  Email and SMS marketing  PPC and SEO  Usability and Accessibility  Creative development ******** plus 5 weeks holiday, pension and health Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EmailMarketingexec_job****