Title: Senior Brand Manager
Webindex: 66543027
Company: Strike Jobs
Description: A company based in Wimbledon are looking to recruit a 'Senior Brand Manager on a maternity cover. This role will be up to 12 months (Maternity Cover). Although this vacancy is advertised as full time, part time candidates (4 days per week) will be considered. The role incorporates the following  To be responsible for the development and execution of marketing strategies for two brands in the UK and Ireland. Key Responsibilities: Develop local brand strategy, implement and monitor the UK annual marketing plans. Execute effective consumer communication media plans and launch plans for new products. Work closely with the Global Brand Marketing team and the sales team. Develop and update consumer insight and understanding using available consumer data. Monitor performance of the brands websites and implement improvements as necessary. Develop and monitor emailers to dovetail the above the line campaign and continue to recruit entries to database. Implement the globally agreed brand design. Contribute to group projects in support of the UK Marketing Manager. You will need to demonstrate strong interpersonal and influencing skills and be able to mix a degree of creativity with a highly organised and analytical approach. This will include the ability to work effectively with numerical data and MS Office packages. Qualifications: Degree or equivalent marketing qualification Key skills and experience: Essential  Brand marketing at brand manager level for 3years Working knowledge of the UK retail environment Proven track record of launching NPD to UK grocery channel Ability to analyse data and present results Desirable Experience of: Line Management Working with grocery and pharmacy trade customers Working in partnership with distributors Project management Healthcare of FMCG sectors Working with regulated products Creating new advertising creatives in conjunction with agencies This is a fantastic opportunity for the right candidate to join an established organisation with excellent career prospects and generous staff benefits. Applications must be made via our website  www.strikejobs.co.uk  or click the Apply button below