Title: Email Executive  Email Marketing
Webindex: 69148919
Company: Solutions 2 Recruitment
Description: Our client are an established multi channel agency who specialise in Direct Marketing and who are looking for an experienced Email Executive to work on large email campaigns for their high profile clients. Job Summary: You will be setting up and executing email marketing campaigns and making sure that they are delivered on time and to the client's specifications. You will be working closely with the rest of the team to ensure all monitoring and KPIs are met and ensuring the team is seen as a value added service at all times. About the team: All service delivery roles serve to represent the client within the company, ensuring that the clients expectations are satisfied and where possible exceeded. Service delivery has two main focuses: to ensure that client SLA's are met and to ensure the department provide a value added service. Service delivery needs to have a good understanding of three core areas: The clients business, its ethos, the way it operates, its challenges, aims and objectives As the roles in service delivery progress from entry level to management, so the work and delivery develops from simple to complex  there is plenty of scope to develop in this role and we will do our best to give you the skills and knowledge to help you succeed. Key Responsibilities: Job Knowledge  Undertake all types of email projects accurately and by the specified deadline Must have email deployment experience.  Take a brief of requirements and create and document a process including QA of the process Have a sound knowledge of the systems and processes and suggest improvements  Perform all work accurately  Take on new clients and setup from beginning Client Focus  Understand the needs of the client and respond efficiently and appropriately to meet these Suggest ideas to add value to the client Communication  To be the sole technical representative at client meetings  Provide clear communication to clients (internal and external) during campaigns  Document and communicate all product changes to the Team Leader (TL)  Document a comprehensive, structured and clear handover for planned periods of absence, including clarification of who will be covering which items. Handover to include reference to any helpful documentation and relevant QA processes  Selfmanage workload and highlight any scheduling conflicts to team leader  Resolve complex issues with guidance from team leader Problem solving/decision making  Solve most problems and seek assistance (where applicable) and communicate issues and resolution to team leader  Multi task to deal with urgent and quick turnaround jobs to meet deadlines Quality and Standards  Ensure work is checked and relevant checklists are completed  Continuously seek to improve client satisfaction and efficiency  Apply the highest data security and PCI standards to all processes and make changes where necessary, including communication of such changes to the SD team  For any issues make clear changes to the process and document to prevent future occurrences and communicate to team leader  Demonstrate attention to detail at all times  Achieve designated work volume  Be up to date in reading all relevant documentation General responsibilities Attend company meetings and training  Awareness of health and safety requirements  To be proactive in your awareness of data security issues across the business at all times Skills and Experience:  We would expect you to have an understanding of working in an email marketing capacity  We are looking for a commercial grounding within a data focussed or marketing agency.  We need you to have an excellent command of English (written and spoken) in addition to a good degree of numeracy  We want someone who is highly organised and shows strong attention to detail  the small things count Benefits:  ****3 days holiday, rising to 25 days after two years and 30 days after 5 years of service.  Birthdays off.  A flexible benefits scheme which gives employees the flexibility to choose benefits that offer the best value to everyone's individual lifestyles. The scheme offers the choice of BUPA cover, a cash back health scheme, income protection, pension, share purchase, child care vouchers, a ride2work scheme and the chance to purchase additional holiday days.  Life assurance is provided as a core benefit for everyone.  Season ticket loan.  Learning and Development  as a business we are committed to learning and development and there are a variety of training courses available to employees. Closing date ****/****/****