Title: Marketing Insight Manager
Webindex: 70087338
Company: Stopgap
Description: THE COMPANY Situated in the Southeast, this leading retailer is at the top of its game. It has consistently led the market in its sector both nationally and internationally and is a destination for great, commercially minded marketers to be able to work on exciting, marketing leading activity. THE ROLE The Marketing Insight Manager's main purpose is to enable supplier partners, dunnhumby and their commercial teams to work together to use customer insight as part of their decision marking process in building plans that result in sales. This role will therefore involve you:  centrally producing category insight based on market, category and customer analysis and research which inform category strategy across the group.  working with the in country commercial teams to help them identify and draw upon the relevant insight from consumers and the market to build higher quality results.  working in development of an enhanced global scorecard which will align Nielsen, dunnhumby and GMIS data by supplier partner, category and country. YOU If you have strong analytical and problem solving abilities then this Marketing Insights Manager role could be for you. To perform this analytical role, you will need:  good report writing, presenting and influencing skills  ability to spot trends and interpret customer data  to come from an FMCG or consultancy background  Data analysis to build brand/strategy plans around questions and insights Tick all of the boxes? Then apply now for this Marketing Insight Manager role with an awardwinning employer of choice. Marketing Insight Manager  ********  South East England If this role isn't what you're looking for, don't worry. At Stopgap we cover all marketing positions, with specialist industry sector teams. You can check out all of our roles on our website (www.stopgap.co.uk) and sign up for job alerts so you're the first to know about a new opportunity. Stopgap  for a Positively Different Experience.