Title: Pricing Analyst  Ideal for Graduate
Webindex: 69762959
Company: Glen Callum Associates Ltd
Description: Pricing Analyst – Ideal for Graduate Midlands – Birmingham, Warwickshire A pricing analyst is required based within the West Midlands/Warwickshire area to assist the marketing team for a successful leading company Basic ****k (Dependent on Exp)  Benefits The Client Our client is one of the leading, most advanced and most successful automotive parts wholesale distributors within the UK. Our clients’ growth is due to a distinctive and unsurpassed array of products within a leading brand range. They take pride in recruiting and retaining talented staff, within a state of the art working environment, to enable them to provide a superb service. Due to continued growth they have a position for a Graduate Pricing Analyst to enhance their team. The Role The Pricing Analyst will need to collate market intelligence from various sources including the sales team, other colleagues, customers and the web ensuring they are competitive in the marketplace. Good organisational skills required as market pricing information/ data requires logging for auditing, tracking and for future team/company requirements to support business processes. This detail needs to be in a suitable format to present to management. Application and extraction of data to and from the system for analysis and reporting requirements. Provide adhoc assistance to the Pricing Manager and participate in project work as advised. This is a varied role and will involve analysis and support in all aspects of pricing scope. The Candidate Strong analytical skills Enthusiastic and driven attitude with a good level of common sense and the ability to deliver results. The ability to manage your time in a planned and effective format. Bright – grasp complicated processes quickly with a detailed and accurate approach. To work with a keen eye for detail and the capability to solve problems People skills – able to communicate at all levels facetoface, telephone and in written form and be able to both provide and gather the necessary information as requested. Encourage and actively respond to new ideas Preferential Skills Intermediate knowledge of Excel, Outlook and Access Knowledge of Automotive industry Knowledge of car components and what they do Overview This is an opportunity for a role with a forward thinking company, as time progresses you will be expected to learn and develop new skills to contribute to business efficiency and performance. The company offers excellent career development and prospects. The Way Forward Should you wish to be considered for the above role please contact us for a further discussion or email your CV to Kayleigh Bradley of Glen Callum Associates Ltd. Glen Callum Associates are leading automotive and industrial recruitment specialists for sales, operational and marketing positions. We have an impressive client base of market leading manufacturers and distributors and are dedicated in providing candidates with advice, support and assistance in their recruitment search. Our consultants have valuable senior sales, marketing and operational experience within organisations within the automotive and industrial industry, allowing us to share an empathy with both client and candidate alike.