Title: Senior Account Manager  Print Design
Webindex: 69023153
Company: Avatar Recruitment Consultancy Ltd
Description: A leading UK supplier to one of the UK s largest industries is seeking a Senior Account Manager. To deputise for the Marketing Services Manager in their absence managing **** teams in the daytoday production, including account management, proof reading and admin teams. To ensure self and team receive and interpret briefs, confirm project specifications to client, advise on timescales, costs and making recommendations where appropriate. Provide leadership and coordination in a positive and constructive manner and to ensure the team goals are understood and pursued. Manage artwork traffic, print and mailing deadlines for own and teams projects. Providing skilled and technically competent input for your team on all aspects of account management and print production. Day to day communication with clients, suppliers and managers on job status. Attend briefing meetings with clients, then writing internal briefs to ensure creative/studio team have enough information to undertake the project. Provide quotations and final costs to the client before charging out. Build and maintain strong client relationships. Deal with queries regarding own and teams individual projects referring on to the Marketing Services Manager if required. Follow department procedures including Health To manage the account management team of **** and must also be able to offer advice and assistance to other members of the team where required. This role has to work to the individual time constraints of each project ensuring it is delivered correctly and on time. Job holder must be flexible with regards to working hours to ensure the job gets completed. Managing own and team workload to ensure jobs are kept on track and delivered on time Dealing with continually changing priorities and job status Managing expectations of your team and your clients Continual stream of new jobs, amends and sign offs to existing jobs and queries/quotes meaning everchanging priorities Ensuring work produced meets brief and client expectations Dealing with queries/quote requests in a time efficient manner whilst ensuring live jobs run to schedule Requirements: The individual must have excellent organisational/planning skills together with the ability to manage their own workload The ability to interpret a brief and an eye for design Improved practices and processes within the account management team Planning of work priorities and critical deadlines of self and team Produce timing and budget plans for projects Resolving team issues wherever possible Qualifications: GCSE English and Maths Grade C or above A Levels in a relevant subject Experience: Industry experience in design and print management. Excellent team management and engagement skills. Demonstrate strong team management skills. Project management and effective planning. Print litho, Web, Digital, POS and fulfilment Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint PowerPoint Tharstern Other attributes: Strong team player Highly motivated Attention to detail Determination Able to multi task and think on feet Diplomatic Passionate and determined Professional