Title: PR Officer
Webindex: 68215295
Company: eRecruit Solutions
Description: PR Officer North Yorkshire ****k  ****k per annum An experienced PR Officer is sought to join this high profile registered Charity in Catterick, North Yorkshire (near Richmond). The organisation provides direct, practical support to wounded, injured and sick Service personnel, veterans and their families. They do this through grants to individuals and other Service charities, capital build projects and support at their four Recovery Centres cross the UK. The role of the PR Officer is to work as part of a small PR Communications team, driving media initiatives to raise awareness and strengthen the reputation of the charity. BENEFITS: Staff discount on merchandise, healthcare, pension, life assurance, enhanced holiday entitlement, free parking The PR Officer role includes the following responsibilities: Engaging support through high quality local and regional media coverage Liaising with TV, radio, press and social media organisations Work alongside the Events Visits Coordinator to create positive media opportunities Build relationships with internal and external stakeholders; including fundraisers and members of the public Planning and delivering new initiatives Accurately conveying messages and brand identity Proactively dealing with media enquiries, drafting press releases and briefing media spokespeople The ideal PR Officer will possess the following skills and experience: Substantial experience in a PR / Public Relations role Experience in the charity or notforprofit sector is highly desirable Strong knowledge of UK media, including TV, radio, press and social media, including a sharp eye for a news hook An enthusiastic and flexible approach to your work A high standard of written and oral communication skills As a PR Officer you will be joining an established charity offering you an opportunity to get involved and do your bit . They offer an excellent working environment with a relaxed dress code and free parking. Please click to apply for the role of PR Officer in Catterick, North Yorkshire If the details shown on your CV match our client's requirements, we will provide our client with your full details so that they can judge whether you may be suitable for the opportunity advertised. Your details, as submitted by you, will only be used in relation to this specific opportunity. By applying to this advert and submitting your CV and/or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. eRecruit Solutions is a flat fee online recruitment company that actively recruit for the following roles: PR Officer, Public Relations Officer, Press Media Assistant, Marketing Manager in Catterick, North Yorkshire To apply, please click the Apply now button.