Title: Experienced PR Professional
Webindex: 72399379
Company: MaxAd
Description: Experienced PR Professional: A PR Professional experienced working with technical products, is required by Canon to manage business and product PR, event management, product launch coordination, European press evaluation & monitoring, thought leadership projects, social media planning, and press site management. Experienced PR Professional: A PR Professional experienced working with technical products, is required by Canon to manage business and product PR, event management, product launch coordination, European press evaluation & monitoring, thought leadership projects, social media planning, and press site management. Responsibilities and Tasks:  Support MarComms Director and PR Manager / Team Leader in developing the panEuropean PR strategy  Work with Product Marketing, and PR agency to define, develop and execute strategic and tactical programs, messaging and actions that directly support the business objectives of product marketing and sales.  Work with European PR Managers, PR agencies (central and local) and spokespeople to support the execution of PR programs locally. Develop and deliver PR tool kits for European markets to execute these programs.  Manage the drafting and approval of press releases, support documents and editorial with key stakeholders for specific product categories/groups. Ensure these are accurate and factual and sent on time  Brief agencies and work with them to develop programs that best communicate our key messages to the relevant audience full PR media mix.  Manage specific project budgets to ensure objectives are met below or on budget  Coordinate press events. Work with project team and agencies to ensure projects are delivered to quality, cost and delivery targets.  Evaluate the performance of activities, projects and agencies.  Support the PR Manager in Crisis and Issues Management  Manage monthly PR meetings  Evaluation, reporting and planning based on PR Key Performance Indicators and Metrica analysis  Relationship management of PanEuropean Journalists and product spokespeople Required Skills and Qualifications: Proven professional PR experience (large organisation or agency environment) Experience working in technology public relations and a good understanding of technology Educated to Degree Level or equivalent Excellent English language skills, other European languages helpful Can work effectively with internal stakeholders and external agencies Self motivated, pragmatic with a high level of initiative and drive to succeed Ability to plan and organize workload effectively to meet required deadlines This role is offered initially on a **** month fixedterm contract to cover maternity leave.