Title: Senior Account Manager  Leading Marketing Agency
Webindex: 68806683
Company: Henry Nicholas Associates
Description: A well established marketing agency with offices across the UK are looking to recruit a senior account manager to join their team in London. The agency specialise in database and campaign management, insight and analysis and digital campaigns. The calibre of the work they produce has meant lasting relationships with a number of globally recognisable, iconic brands across a range of sectors. The Senior Account Manager will have the opportunity to lead campaigns with some of these key accounts. The successful applicant must be excited by that responsibility, with the commercial understanding and project management skills to deliver on time, in budget and with a clear ROI. You will preferably have experience of both clientside and agency marketing and will have delivered ECRM campaigns on significant accounts. My client uses data and analysis to segment the audience and create targeted campaigns in order to have the best possible impact. If you ve had exposure to campaign management tools it would be an advantage. This role could mean working with an online retailer so relevant experience would be beneficial. The successful applicant will have the following core skills:  A minimum of 5 years marketing experience with 3 years as a marketing or account manager.  Experience working on good sized accounts with bluechip clients.  Digital campaign experience.  An understanding of database marketing.  Exposure to campaign software and analytics.  Experience of managing a marketing campaign from brief to inception.  Daytoday client management experience. If you possess these skills and are hungry to progress your career at a leading marketing agency, please send your CV over to Andy at a.midgleyhenrynicholas.co.uk or call **** **** **** to talk it over. Follow us Henrynicholas for all our latest jobs and tweets Senior Account Manager / Database Marketing / Campaign Management Tools / Digital / ECRM / CRM