Title: Social Media Content Exec/Manager
Webindex: 68714304
Company: Blu Digital
Description: Social Media Content Exec/Manager About: My client is an agency providing Total Digital solutions for big bluechip brands. They operate at the highest levels of brand, category and corporate digital strategy and solutions. Their approach covers all areas of digital from social to search to CRM and web. The role: We are looking for a social media content exec/manager to join the thriving digital team at my clients head office in Leeds. You'll be a confident self starter, who can work well within a team on wider digital projects, as well as under your own initiative. It is essential that this person has at least 12 years' experience, preferably in an agency, in social community management and has confidence in engaging with audiences on behalf of clients on various social media platforms (including Twitter and Facebook). Previous experience and skill in writing creative content specifically for social on behalf of varying brands is also required. You'll have an active interest in digital and social media in particular. We want you to promote excellence in social media within the team and wider agency by proactively keeping yourself abreast of developments in the social media area and sharing your learnings from practice. A keen attention to detail as well as excellent and adaptable writing skills are crucial to this role. You'll have good presentation and verbal skills and be confident in presenting content recommendations to clients. If you have a good mind for analytics and figures then this would be very beneficial, as you'll need to be able to interpret results and evaluate the performance of our work. We're looking for someone who can work to tight deadlines, be organised and able to plan other people's time as well as draw upon their expertise to develop outstanding and engaging content. This is a rare and promising opportunity for someone looking to progress a fulfilling career in social media. Responsibilities: The daytoday running of social channels for various clients First point of client contact for social media content Developing and planning social content with our creative team will be big part of this role. This will be an opportunity for you to show your creative side Writing design briefs and briefing designers Leading brainstorms to generate social content ideas Working closely with the wider digital team to plan and deliver projects where social is a part Evaluate content performance on our social channels and identify how to optimise it Responding on behalf of clients in the social space. This includes handling negative and sometimes sensitive issues Developing new processes to streamline the way we work internally as well as with clients Working on new business pitches and proposals Managing your own time well to ensure account profitability Please apply bellow or email luke.reedbludigital.co.uk for more information or check our website www.bludigital.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SocialMediaContentExecManager_job****