Title: Digital Manager (Paid Search)
Webindex: 71185989
Company: Edward Mann
Description: PPC Manager Want to work for the UK’s fastest growing Digital Media and Performance Marketing Company? This is a unique and exciting opportunity to join a fast growing entrepreneurial business with a lot of international scope. My Client seeks an additional PPC Manager to join their team. The ideal candidate for this role will be digital savvy, up to date with modern technologies and will possess an entrepreneurial attitude. You will have demonstrable experience working in a lead generation and performance marketing environment, where customer acquisition is the main focus. You will work to targets in a fast paced environment and will have the opportunity to earn exceptional bonuses which are regularly achieved. The Role: Managing the Paid Search campaigns (setting up, optimising and reporting on Paid Search campaigns) Running the optimisation process of all keyword activity and providing analysis Creative writing for ad copy Delivery of Production Brief KPI targets Identify, manage and implement new search products e.g. Mobile, local search, Pay per call, Pay per Text etc. with the assistance and guidance of the Senior Campaign Manager Build a firm knowledge of the market and its development and how any changes impact PPC campaigns Client Relationships: Maximise performance through use of advanced search marketing techniques to meet and exceed client expectations for PPC campaigns Maintain strong internal relationships with all internal and external customers Provide feedback and suggestions where appropriate to improve client performance and client satisfaction Essential Skills: Working knowledge of PPC Advanced Excel skills Strong mathematical and analytical skills (these are crucial as the individual will need to make decisions based on data analysis and also provide insight to the account teams) Good communication skills, strong team player Ability to work on projects unsupervised High attention to detail and ability to work under pressure Desirable: Any web design skills will be highly advantageous Personal finance vertical PPC experience Edward Mann is an Equal OpportunityEmployer and Employment Agency. Applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, colour, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability or veteran status. Unfortunately due to the high volume of CVs we receive we will only respond to candidates that are selected for the process. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DigitalManagerPaidSearch_job****