Title: Interm Campaign Selections Consultant  CRM / Database Marketer
Webindex: 68384735
Description: Do you consider yourself a bit of a hybrid marketer? A cross between the technical specialist with CRM tools and systems like Unica, Chordiant, Teradata CRM, Siebel, etc. as well as the marketing and campaigns, applying the principals of relationship marketing to successfully drive customer lifetime value through cross, upsell and retention? Have you had experience of data delivery across campaign building, data selection, query building, campaign rebuilding and retargeting strategies and supporting the sales team for campaign planning? Do you have a good understanding of SQL? Are you available at short notice for an interim assignment that has an initial engagement period of 6 months and which can be located out of Norwich or York? Then read on as we've got an opportunity for you A big brand employer are looking to appoint **** interim campaign selections and decisioning consultants to join their outbound campaign and database marketing team. The consultancy roles are looking at providing support during a busy programme period as part of the firm's CRM and base management function. Your work will align to a specific product and category line helping with the targeting strategy and campaign list production. Your goal is to improve the effectiveness of outbound campaigns through generating more effective and better targeted campaign lists. This will not just be limited to the building of new campaigns, but also retargeting to make campaigns more effective using the information you have from old campaigns. The bottom line is an aim to improve marketing ROI and customer value, improving cross sell as well as retention rates and therefore overall life time value. So it's important you have previous experience in a CRM or customer management capacity. You won't just be responding to briefs in this role though, you will need to do a lot of stakeholder engagement, working with the wider marketing functions, pushing back on their ideas where appropriate, managing expectations and helping to prioritise and improve efficiencies of work flow. Identifying where opportunities may arise to merge campaigns to drive cost efficiencies as well as ensuring contact rules for customer groups are adhered to. They work off a Teradata CRM platform, it would be beneficial to have experience of using this tool but experience of other major CRM tools like Unica, Chordiant, Siebel, SAS MA, etc would be fine. However you do need to have experience working with large, complex relational databases in a multi proposition environment and have the necessary technical/numerical as well as stakeholder management experience. As these are contract roles they're not going to hand around for long. So don't delay, apply today Role: Interm Senior Campaign Selections & Decisioning Consultant  Database Marketing Location: York or East Anglia Rate: up to **** per day Term: 6 months initially Experience Required:  Must have experience in a campaign management, namely the data selection and campaign targeting strategies, as well as retargeting and the ability to rebuild campaigns making use of what's gone before  Experience with the campaign selection and management tools like Teradata CRM, Unica, Chordiant, Epiphany, Faststats, etc, etc.  Good numerical background  Knowledge of SQL  Experience of test and learn strategies appropriate to large scale direct marketing campaigns  Confident, outgoing with good communication skills  Must have the necessary visas to live and work in the UK TO APPLY For further information please email your Word format CV in application to: Colin Doree Managing Consultant  Blue Pelican Marketing **** **** **** colin.doreebluepelican.com About Us Honest, ethical, professional, knowledgeable, Recruitment Experts. Blue Pelican Marketing is one of the UK's leading marketing recruitment agencies providing a truly consultative service. We adhere to the Blue Pelican Standards (www.bluepelican.com/aboutus/bluepelicanstandards), assuring you of an enhanced level of service whether you deal with us as client or candidate. You can view all our vacancies on our web site www.bluepelican.com, or call **** **** **** and ask for the marketing division