Title: Senior Account Manager  Consumer Healthcare PR
Webindex: 68706958
Company: Fresh Connect Recruitment
Description: An extremely media savvy Senior Account Manager is being sought by a successful Consumer Healthcare PR team. Working on a number of different accounts the new Senior Account Manager will provide senior council on public relations strategy to develop and deliver engaging, innovative and influential campaigns. This challenging and exciting post will suit an individual who thrives on implementing creative and innovative PR activity. The new Senior Account Manager will be comfortable handling large accounts and growing new business. This agency is seeking someone with the following qualities:  Interest in Consumer Healthcare brands  An excellent contacts book (which includes celebrity agents)  Experience managing a busy press office  Previous Healthcare experience (desirable) and Consumer PR experience (essential)  A proactive approach to work  Ambition and a desire for personal professional development The successful candidate will support the team and play a pivotal role in developing the existing clientbase. To take advantage of this opportunity, you must have good media relations experience, excellent communication skills and the ability to line manage junior staff members, ensuring the smoothrunning of work flow. Experience working on a range of big brands would be highly advantageous. Consumer Healthcare PR agency experience however, is absolutely vital. If you have the passion for Consumer Healthcare PR and are commerciallyminded, apply today For this and similar vacancies, please contact Gary Hoult on **** **** **** or email garyfreshconnect.co.uk Senior Account Manager, Account Manager, Consumer Healthcare PR, Consumer PR, Public Relations, Pharma, Pharmaceuticals, London. Senior Account Manager, Account Manager, Consumer PR, Consumer Healthcare PR, Public Relations, Pharma, Pharmaceuticals, London. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorAccountManagerConsumerHealthcarePR_job****