Title: Content Manager
Webindex: 69247688
Company: NAKAMA LONDON
Description: As the Content Manager you re the lifeblood of the conception, planning and delivery of social content for clients. Working with Content Directors, and mentoring the Junior Content Manager, you should be confident coming up with great social content ideas that bring online communities to life. You re able to identify creative and content delivery requirements for social media campaigns and work with more junior team members, as well as Planning and Account Management colleagues, to turn client briefs and strategies into category campaigns and communities. You re self aware and capable in managing up to your senior colleagues to identify opportunities that require senior input. You must be well informed with all things Facebook, Twitter, social media the online world. A creative individual your able to come up with category leading content ideas, as well as sometimes facilitating and contributing to brainstorms. You re able to develop client friendly documents that see our content ideas bought and delivered. You will be working alongside the planning teams to turn great ideas into reality; so working to tight deadline, remaining calm under pressure and working well with a variety of different personalities is important in order to do this job well. Specific responsibilities: Content management: Establishing an I depth understanding of brands your working with, and completely operating as the face of clients brands in the social space. Implementation of social campaigns (particular content planning and publishing); from the brief to final reporting. Contributing to creative development of tactical content ideals for your client accounts to delivery category ideas, including some brainstorm facilitation. Working with planners to contribute to development content frameworks. Managing the commissioning of content from the specialist third party content providers. Copywriting for a breadth of brands. Managing amplification tactics that spread the reach and impact of content. Monitoring of social channels and identifying and responding to risks and opportunities. Independently identifying influencers Delivering key aspects of social media monitoring working with planners and analysts to define requirement for analysis of data, pulling insights and preparing reports for portfolio clients. Proactivity: Proactively contributing to ideals on your accounts. Suggesting improvements to our formats and techniques for delivering content proposals and recommendations. Building strong on going relationships with influencers (bloggers) in communities of interest. Confidently contribute to ideals for how to evolve techniques and requirements to meet client content needs, teams and infrastructure. Develop in depth understanding of technologies. Displaying a open, confident and can do attitude going the extra mile ti exceed in the work delivered to clients.