Title: Medical Writer  Medical Education  Top 20 Agency  London  to **** plus outstanding benefits
Webindex: 67382143
Company: Median
Description: Medical Writer/Senior Medical Writer  Medical Education  Top 20 Agency  London  to **** plus outstanding benefits Based in London, my client is amongst the very best names in PR. As one of the world s leading strategic PR Communications agencies , they have built their reputation on creating original and imaginative solutions for their global bluechip bigbrand clients. The firm operates globally and was in fact recently voted 'PanEuropean Agency of the Year'. My client is renowned for offering its people the opportunity for professional growth and personal success. The Medical Education Team is part of the wider Healthcare practice and comprises specialised account handlers and medical writers who handle a variety of physiciantargeted projects on behalf of global pharmaceutical companies. My Client is seeking to appoint a Medical Writer/Senior Medical Writer to work on a variety of editorial projects to support pipeline and licensed prescription products. Primary responsibilities will include maintaining an indepth knowledge of therapeutic areas and products, drafting and editing scientific/medical peer review publications, primary manuscripts on preclinical and Phase 1111 data, managing approval of publications and managing multiple editorial projects. The successful candidate will almost certainly possess at least four years' experience in medical writing, including the development of manuscripts and reviews within an agency environmemt. Manuscript experience is essential. Candidates wishing to work four days in the office may be considered. You should be prepared for occasional international travel. In return for your talent and endeavour, my client is offering a highly competitive salary up to **** depending on experience plus the usual benefits you would associate with a bluechip Communications agency. This really is a rare opportunity for an ambitious Medical Writer/Senior Medical Writer to join one of the world s very best PR agencies. So please don t delay in sending your CV in complete confidence to miriammedianrecruit.co.uk