Title: Account Director / Senior Account Director  Integrated
Webindex: 72689093
Company: AD LIB Holdings Ltd.
Description: Are you a driven, strategic and experienced Account Director seeking a new progressive opportunity within a thriving agency in the South West? Heading up a number of wellestablished key accounts across a wide breadth of sectors including FMCG, tech and beauty, B2B B2C, you`ll not only ensure all business objectives are met, but utilise your knowledge and insight to unravel untapped account potential; inspiring your clients to intelligently grow your accounts, whilst motivating and developing your team too. Versatile, engaging, proactive and hungry for success, you`ll leave no stone unturned to see every account is serviced to the highest possible level, not only meeting but exceeding expectation at every opportunity. Managing full account direction, planning and strategy as well as forecasting and budgets and team leadership, you`ll develop profitable client relationships, imparting market knowledge and your breadth of above and below the line expertise to devise and deliver appropriate strategies that really deliver results. From eCRM, social media and online display, through to TV, print advertising and DM, your array of channel knowledge will impress and allow for a truly integrated approach. If you`re well established at Account Director or Senior Account Director level with a solid indepth proven experience devising and overseeing delivery of both digital and offline campaigns then you could be just what they`re after. Your warm, proactive and straight talking demeanour will see you forge and swiftly develop effective relationships with your clients and colleagues alike. You`ll love a challenge, enjoy being part of a hardworking, ambitious team and be hungry to get your teeth into this exciting senior role. In return you can expect a salary in the region of ****k  ****k depending on experience, plus the opportunity to join a leading agency at a senior level where your expertise will be highly valued from day one. Please apply with your CV today.