Title: Senior Account Manager, Experiential, Retail, FMCG, London, ****k
Webindex: 71888769
Company: Dynamic New Alliances
Description: The Role: A global leader in integrated marketing is looking for a Senior Account Manager with a background in Experiential marketing, to work on one of its key accounts a large Retailer, selling a wide range of products. This fantastic opportunity will have you working on this 3m retained piece of business, managing a team of 4 people and contributing to the strategic development of some of the agencies most successful campaigns. The work will be very BTL focussed, mainly in Retail Activation/Shopper Marketing and Experiential, including national events and sampling campaigns for a range of products and targeting different types of consumers. The Senior Account Manager will be managing Account Managers and Account Executives and will be reporting into an Account Director, with a Client Services Director being the most senior person on the account. This is a very client facing role that requires a personable character, someone with a track record of building strong relationships and who can think on their feet. The Senior Account Manager: The ideal Senior Account Manager will have a strong background in Experiential Marketing, especially with sampling campaigns. Specific client experience is not a huge issue, although Retail would be beneficial. As this is a management role, previous experience in running a small team is important, as well as a good track record of building lasting client relationships. If you are a Senior Account Manager who is not afraid to challenge a client, contribute to strategy and help develop some truly great campaigns, then this is the role for you. A real passion for Experiential Marketing is essential, as the role involves managing a team and inspiring subordinates. As such, the ideal Senior Account Manager will have an infectious charisma when it comes to dealing with people, as well as inspiring both colleagues and client into taking on board what you say. If this is the opportunity for you then don t hesitate to apply as we expect a high number of applications.