Title: Senior PR Officer
Webindex: 68540814
Company: BLUE SKIES
Description: Senior PR Officer, ****k, Worcester My client are a leading not for profit organisation going through an exciting period of growth and are therefore seeking to strengthen their Communications and PR team with the appointment of an experienced Senior PR Officer. The postholder will be tasked with supporting the public relations and publicity of the organisation and one of their key brands. The successful applicant will produce lively copy for press releases, feature articles and publicity material that are tailored to suit a wide range of audiences. Key responsibilities will include;  Initiating, planning and delivering PR and sponsorship campaigns  Maximising publicity opportunities and enhancing the organisations reputation  Create and edit press releases and articles ensuring that key business messages are communicated  Providing detailed briefs for the production of corporate literature including newsletters, handouts and displays.  Coordinating and overseeing events  Maintain effective relationships with the media including the development of contacts with trade and key press.  Supervision and motivation of a small team. To be considered for this post, you must be able to demonstrate significant previous experience within a similar role, strong organisational skills as well as very strong writing and creative skills. This role will also require the ability to present to both internal and external customers so advanced communication skills are also essential. Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment specialises in marketing jobs across Creative, PR, Clientside, Account Handling and Executive. We offer unrivalled opportunities across all specialisms and industry sectors, presenting you with only the best marketing jobs. Although we try to respond to all applications, the high number we receive means this isn`t always possible. If you have not heard from us within **** hours, please assume that your application has not been successful. For more information, visit www.blueskiescareers.co.uk and we`ll make sure we do our best to find you the perfect marketing role.