Title: PR Senior Account Executive  Consumer Healthcare Agency
Webindex: 68692144
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: PR Senior Account Executive  Consumer Healthcare Agency Soho, London ****  **** DOE Plus 20 Days' Holiday (rising with service) A superb opportunity has arisen for a PR Senior Account Executive to join our client, a growing independent, top 25 healthcare PR agency with over 20 years' experience. This role offers the perfect platform for a PR enthusiast from a consumer background looking to take the next step in their career with a leading company. Offering excellent scope for career progression and the chance to work with some high profile companies, this is a role not to be missed As a PR Senior Account Executive, you'll be working with news, features and specialist health journalists within the national news and women's consumer media industry. You will write compelling press releases and copy for websites which promotes the company's activities and initiatives. Enjoying responsibility from day one, you will manage social media sites on behalf of clients, ensuring that their content is relevant and engaging. You'll also conduct research into competitor companies and liaise with clients to ensure your messaging is consistent. To be considered, you must have:  At least 18 months' experience in a consumer PR field  A degree As a PR Senior Account Executive, you must have excellent communication skills and a sharp attention to detail. Equally important is your highly polished and professional approach, along with strong organisational, analytical and planning skills. To apply for the role of PR Senior Account Executive, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: PR Senior Account Executive, PR Account Executive, Public Relations Executive, PR Assistant, PR Officer, PR Account Manager, Public Relations, Consumer Public Relations, Consumer PR. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PRSeniorAccountExecutiveConsumerHealthcareAgency_job****