Title: Customer Acquisition Marketing Manager  SEO / Affiliate Marketing
Webindex: 71850910
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Customer Acquisition Marketing Manager  SEO / Affiliate Marketing London, E**** Up to **** Plus 25 Days' Holiday, Free Travel Life Assurance, After Probation: Private Medical Insurance, Matched Contributory Pension Scheme, Permanent Health Insurance, Season Ticket Loan, Childcare Voucher Salary Sacrifice, Give as You Earn, Cycle to Work Scheme Are you an affiliate marketer with online and digital experience and knowledge of conversion rate optimisation? Looking to join a leading company and put your skills and experience to the test? If so, read on. Our client is the UK's leading performance marketing network. Since **** they have built a strong reputation for innovation, technology, service, ethics and ultimately delivering performance. An opportunity has now arisen for a Customer Acquisition Marketing Manager to join their team. As a Customer Acquisition Marketing Manager, you will be responsible for helping our client's affiliates to gain greater success by securing increased traffic numbers for their websites. You will help to convert those numbers into paying customers through the formulation of innovative and effective longterm traffic acquisition strategies. Identifying publishers that would benefit from your skills and expertise, you will provide handson support and suggest ways to achieve quickwins. You will accomplish this through paid search, social media and conversion rate optimisation channels. Your other duties will include:  Building our client's profile as industry experts within forums and at industry events  Consulting with publishers in a professional and courteous manner  Refining which affiliates have potential and which do not  Sharing knowledge and expertise with peers  Developing case studies to showcase your successes To be considered for this role, you must have:  Experience of affiliate marketing, including an understanding of SEO  A background of online and digital marketing  Knowledge of conversion rate optimisation Additionally, as a Customer Acquisition Marketing Manager, you must have the ability to innovate and create solutions that are both practical and effective. You must also be able to clearly and concisely exchange information and have a genuine desire to see others succeed. Strong communication and customer service attributes are also key. To apply for the role of Customer Acquisition Marketing Manager, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Customer Acquisition Marketing Manager, Traffic Acquisition Manager, Digital Acquisition Marketing Manager, Online Marketing Manager, Marketing Communications Manager, Digital Marketing Manager, Digital Marcomms Manager. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CustomerAcquisitionMarketingManagerSEOAffiliateMarketing_job****