Title: Global Digital Producer
Webindex: 68540290
Company: TALENT HUB RESOURCING LTD
Description: Global Digital Producer ( **** month fixed term contract) Burgess Hill Salary **** We are working in partnership with a not for profit global company in West Sussex. The objective of this role is to direct and develop content for the company to ensure the best user experience, compelling their audiences to engage further with the charity, be that through depth of understanding, making a donation, or taking political action. Provide evaluation to the wider communications and digital teams to influence future activity. Responsibilities: Work with Communications and Digital to plan and schedule 2013 digital production activity Provide consultation with internal clients to transform briefs and requirements into inspiring and compelling digital content plans Map website user journeys, integrating with other relevant channels Manage the production process from planning to launch Identify Google Analytics tracking requirements and manage any implementation requirements Contribute to project evaluations Maintain and optimise the companies website content to improve: SEO Accessibility Performance of key pages Content stickiness Conversions Brand awareness Updated Commission and/or create 'BAU' website content and blogs What you will need: University degree in relevant field or equivalent work experience. Substantial handson digital editorial, web design and project management experience. Significant experience working with web and email based CMS platforms. Experience of front end web development technologies, including content Management systems, HTML, JavaScript, and Flash .Proven track record in producing and commissioning content for websites. Knowledge and experience of SEO optimisation and producing accessible digital content and use of tools such as Google Adwords/Google Analytics. Experience managing external agencies/internal clients and stakeholders. Experience interpreting and monitoring analytics for web. The company offer a supportive work environment, with the opportunity to have your ideas heard. This Digital Producer role is for a **** month FTC.