Title: Assistant Brand Manager FMCG
Webindex: 69120030
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Assistant Brand Manager FMCG ****K****K  Benefits West Sussex/Gatwick TL**** Check this out now Rare and exciting opportunity to join a true bluechip FMCG company and work on a portfolio of wellknown and muchloved food brands. Working into a brand manager, you ll take on responsibility from day one with the opportunity to get involved in a wide range of marketing activities in what is quite a closeknit, busy team. This will include active involvement in advertising, PR, promotions and digital activity, driving volume, value and share objectives and ensuring you deliver projects to budget and on time. You will also be involved in packaging development, NPD and shopper and trade marketing activation at the point of purchase. Talk to us now this is a fab role which offers a great career building opportunity in a dynamic, lively, fastpaced working environment. Our Ideal Candidates Proven brand marketing experience with a real passion for brands, consumers, shoppers and ideally all things foodrelated, is a prerequisite for this challenging role. Your experience will ideally include some exposure to managing your own projects including promotional, design/creative initiatives and ideally consumer insight data. You will have worked with agencies and have shown yourself to be a strong project manager and team player with a drive to achieve business results, manage a budget and make things happen. Tenacious and ambitious with excellent communication skills and confidence in your ability to add value, you ll be looking for that new challenge to move your career forward. Company Profile Our client is a major FMCG multinational with a host of leading brands across the globe. Known for its relentless focus on innovation and consumer driven marketing, the company places insight at the heart of its operations and consistently looks for new product and brand opportunities. Career development opportunities are excellent with a real commitment to ongoing personal growth and skills development. Tarsh Lazare Marketing Recruitment is committed to finding the right roles for talented candidates. We are a leading name in marketing recruitment and have significant marketing recruitment experience working with brand management, communications, category management and insight/research specialists. If you would like to discuss this role, or any other roles that might be suitable, please email or call one of the team now on N/A