Title: Channel Marketing Specialist  Bilingual
Webindex: 71901525
Company: Redhill
Description: Channel Marketing Specialist  Bilingual My client is actively looking for an ambitious Channel Marketing Specialist someone who has a background in IT Marketing or even a marketing graduate with IT Channel Sales experience who wants to progress. Working for a global organisation who have shaped the IT world you be planning, organisation and executing Regional Channel Marketing programmes in the Poland, Czech Republic and Slovakia area. Your role will include working in consultation with regional managers and sales teams and distribution channels. Control of channel expenditure for the region. Participation in European Channel Marketing team with some project responsibilities. Coordination of European Channel Marketing projects where appropriate within the team. Channel Marketing Specialist role:  Plan and execute customer acquisition, engagement and retention campaigns  Define and continually develop engaging content to reach business goals  Develop and grow revenue from existing partners in addition to activating new partners  Define and own regional lead generation activity  Integrate latest online and social media techniques  Measure all marketing activity with defined metrics to specified targets  Liaison with country managers and Field Sales for planning and communication of these marketing activities, including a quarterly planning process.  Management of regional channel marketing budget, administration of marketing requests and invoices.  Deal with ongoing/ad hoc enquiries from Distributors/Dealers/Salespeople.  Proactively engage with regional channel partners and Field Sales to drive marketing activity supporting business and strategic marketing objectives. So if you fancy a challenge whilst working for an industry leading name then you will need: Strong background in IT Marketing or a marketing grad with IT channel sales experience  Fluent in English and Polish up to business level  Possess a Marketing/Communications university degree or equivalent in the area of business administration  Impeccable marketing execution skills For more information inc job spec and company profile send through your CV  APPLY NOW