Title: German or Italian speaking Management Consultant
Webindex: 68692463
Company: Language Matters
Description: Our client, a market research consultancy, has a team of multilingual Consultants that work across a variety of clients. The German or Italian speaking Management Consultant will be responsible for the overall management of the projects assigned to him/her as well as managing client satisfaction, retention, revenue growth and account expansion. The German or Italian speaking Management Consultant will also play an active role in new business development; this includes identifying new opportunities to create commercially compelling propositions, preparing sales presentations, attending sales meetings, writing proposals senior management consultants and consistently delivering profitable projects. Profile The candidate must meet the following criteria: Excellent level of English both written and spoken with fluent German or Italian Solid experience of sales within a market research consultancy is essential An understanding of business language and quick to grasp complex sector specific terms and processes. Demonstration of proactive new business development and sale closing skills Able to manage own time well and resolve any conflicts arising Proactive and hardworking Experience in creating and conducting presentations in PowerPoint Strong academics are essential for this role. NB: If you have applied for any other languagematters vacancy there is no need to reapply, as your CV will be considered for all of our vacancies that match your language skills and work experience. To apply, please send your CV to Frank Etman. We work constantly to provide equal opportunities for all, regardless of age, gender, ethnicity, social background, religion, disability or sexuality. NB. Client requirements dictate that we can only accept applications from candidates who are available for facetoface interviews in the UK within 24 hours. Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK or hold a valid work permit. Please note that we contact successful candidates within **** working days. We will consider you for all our vacancies now and in the future. Please do not reapply unless requested to do so. Language Matters is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GermanorItalianspeakingManagementConsultant_job****