Title: Senior Account Manager [financial services] – fabulous, creative Agency – up to ****k
Webindex: 71694593
Company: Fill Recruitment Ltd
Description: Senior Account Manager [financial services] fabulous, creative Agency Central London up to ****k Lovely, independent central London agency seeks a solid Senior Account Manager to join a lively team and work on a wellknown financial brand and one of the Agency s most important clients. The agency has retained this account for over nine solid years and this Senior Account Manager role has been created as a result of growing existing business and new account opportunities. Senior Account Manager Overview The Agency is looking for a permanent Senior Account Manager to join the account, reporting into either a Senior Account Director. The scope of work on the account is very broad, spanning B2B B2C, online offline communications panEurope and increasingly globally this role will focus predominantly on the B2B side of the account but it is likely that opportunities to gain experience across other areas will also be provided. Senior Account Manager The Role The successful Senior Account Manager will already hold a Senior Account Manager title and will be able to demonstrate a multitude of skills gained during this time. The role is strongly deliveryfocused so requires a track record of excellent campaign management on high volume, fast turnaround accounts. It also requires experience of supporting senior colleagues on the more strategic aspects of the account whilst developing their own strategic skill set. You are a team player and equally adept at working independently and proactively. You are a Senior Account Manager with the confidence and gravitas to contribute effectively to key client and internal meetings and be willing and able to express an opinion/voice of your own. Financial services management experience would be helpful but isn t essential. Experience of working on digital campaigns or digital elements of integrated campaigns, including an understanding of the processes highly desirable. Essential skills: You will be experienced in all aspects of campaign management including developing and writing creative briefs, trafficking jobs through the agency and financial responsibility. Also, manage processes, Client budgets and tight deadlines. Skilled at evaluating, selling and defending creative to clients, you will also be used to working proactively and independently to drive campaigns forwards and be solutionorientated developing awardwinning creative work Great at building and managing Client relationships, demonstrating strong Client service skills and raising the Agency s profile. Able to lead and contribute meaningfully to Client meetings. Senior Account Manager The Package Salary dependent on experience and is up to a maximum of ****k. It s an attractive package including health and gym membership after 3 months Excellent role, excellent agency. Senior Account Managers please send us your CV today If this role is not what you re looking for, then don t worry. At Fill Recruitment we specialise in all agency positions. We are currently recruiting for account handlers at Account Manager, Senior Account Manager, Account Director, Senior/Group Account Director and Business Director levels. If you would like to find out more please visit our website: www.fillrecruitment.com or try http://jobs.brandrepublic.com/employer/****/fillrecruitmentltd/