Title: PR Social Media Executive
Webindex: 69688068
Company: Solutions 4 Recruitment Limited
Description: Senior PR Social Media Account Executive Hants ****k good benefits Our client is looking to recruit a Senior PR Account Executive to join their growing consultancy. The primary focus of the role is to manage a portfolio of clients within the PR and social media team, reporting to an account director. This will include drafting of content, media liaison, client liaison and identifying opportunities to drive the campaigns forward, as well as engaging across all SM channels. The candidate would have a solid grasp of what makes a good story and be familiar with with drafting content for opportunities and blogs. Key Responsibilities: Drafting content, pitching ideas, helping with the development of campaign themes Press and blog/online monitoring for relevant stories and opportunities Keeping up to date on media stories and trends Research on social media channels, and monitoring on behalf of clients for issues and opportunities Overseeing and inputting to the weekly reporting of activity, and monthly campaign overviews Attending meetings and briefings where appropriate Management of events on and off line Developing solid social media strategies for lead generation and engagement Essential Skills: The successful candidate will have a relevant degree and convey passion and enthusiasm a cando attitude. Previous agency experience in a PR role or in house experience working for a technology company is essential Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal as well as excellent copywriting skills Media liasion experience Strong social media skills Professional and flexible project management skills The role will evolve into a an account management position. Have you heard about the incentives scheme we offer for you recommending professionals to Solutions? Check out our website If you would like to send us your CV, we understand that the creative people out there will have impressive CVs and we love receiving them but could you also attach a simple word CV with no text boxes or logos, as these are database friendly. Solutions **** Recruitment are a specialist Marketing, PR and Design recruitment agency that offer fantastic design roles in the South, including Hampshire, Wiltshire, Berkshire, Dorset and Surrey. We have a broad mix of clients consisting of design and full service agencies as well as companies from a wide range of industries. So if you are a creative looking for a new job, whether it is agency or client side, as an Artworker, Graphic Designer or Web Designer please do get in contact.Solutions **** Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.