Title: Channel Marketing Executive  Global Software Company Dubai
Webindex: 69598283
Company: Your Hired
Description: Channel Marketing Executive  Global Software Company Dubai circa **** AED **** AED  bonus  benefits YOU MUST BE LIVING IN DUBAI OR LOCAL, HAVE CHANNEL MARKETING EXPERIENCE , LOCAL DUBAI / MIDDLE EAST EXPERIENCE. Speaking Arabic would be a bonus. My Client is world leading software company who currently have a position for a Channel Marketing Executive for the Dubai office. Key for this role is someone who has experience with Channel Marketing and working / building relationships with partners in order to build campaigns to sell products through the channel. You also need experience building marketing campaigns for the channel within the Gulf countries / Saudi Arabia. Speaking the local language is also quite important. Summary profile: midsenior marketing role to manage all aspects of Middle East and Africa marketing with focus on the Gulf Countries, Saudi Arabia and South Africa reporting to MED/NA/MEA marketing team lead. This role sets the regional standard for modern marketing practice including planning, budgeting, programs and execution, with great international project management skills. He/she is the direct point of contact and provides marketing leadership for sales, channel partners and supporting business partners. In detail:  Develops regional and country marketing plans in cooperation with sales and other business partner leadership  Actively support partner marketing planning process including quarterly and annual plans; oversees partner fund investment  Campaign/program planning and execution; drives alignment and channel partner amplification through local marketing programs  Budgeting and development of an external agency network; cooperation with international peers  Marketing leadership locally and representative of MEA marketing needs to the rest of the organization  Develops channel partner capability and effective marketing through coaching; a trusted advisor to key partners For more info please email CV. We acting as an employment agency in relation to this role and accept CV’s from all age groups and backgrounds. Unfortunately due to the volume of applications we receive, we are often only able to contact successful applications. We will however keep your CV on file in order to consider you for relevant opportunities. Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. ( KEY WORDS channel marketing and partners). This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ChannelMarketingExecutiveGlobalSoftwareCompanyDubai_job****