Title: Data Planner, Campaign Data Strategy
Webindex: 70099883
Company: Blue Pelican
Description: A new opportunity has arisen working for a big brand employer within their CRM campaigns team. This is a big brand company offering a complex range of products and services which are enjoyed by millions of UK consumer households. They are renowned for high calibre marketing across the board which helps to keep them No**** in their market. This is your opportunity to join a business with a great reputation and are able to offer a clear development path for your career growth. Working as a Data Planner within the Campaign Data Strategy team, you will be responsible for taking an insight driven approach to the delivery of CRM campaigns designed to increase the profitability of the business through effective the strategy, planning and design of campaigns. You will be working in support of a Senior Planner, engaging with the business and marketing stakeholders to help shape campaign briefs and guide them on their targeting strategy and the importance of the data which underpins it. You will also be providing direction on the usage of customer insight to help inform targeting of the customer base, building appropriate testing strategies as well as measurements to ensure you’re able to tweak targeting strategy before full rollout to ensure optimum ROI may be achieved. This role requires a hybrid of skills to be successful. Data literacy so you’re able to understand the importance of data in campaigns, understand how to build in the testing and measurement processes as well as physically build the campaign selections. But also a marketers mind; so you’re able to understand the commercial implications and best practice approaches to campaigning, contact strategies and delivering a positive ROI. Role: Data Planner, Campaign Data Strategy Location: Middlesex, West London Rate: **** to **** Benefits: Bonus, pension, flexible benefits package (for healthcare, life assurance, etc.) Experience Required:  Experience in a similar role, working on campaign selections, campaign data strategy, data planning, CRM and the likes. Either inhouse or from an agency environment  Knowledge of utilising a CRM campaign tool such as Unica, Chordiant, Teradata CRM, Epiphany, etc, etc.  Good knowledge of data interrogation and manipulation, as well as the ability to understand and interpret predictive and descriptive models  Good knowledge of working with relational databases  Some experience using analysis tools like SQL, Excel would be beneficial  Understanding of how to optimise outbound campaigns  Must have the necessary visas to live and work in the UK TO APPLY For further information please email your Word format CV in application to: Colin Doree Managing Consultant  Blue Pelican Marketing [blocked] colin.doreebluepelican.com About Us Honest, ethical, professional, knowledgeable, Recruitment Experts. Blue Pelican Marketing is one of the UK’s leading marketing recruitment agencies providing a truly consultative service. We adhere to the Blue Pelican Standards (www.bluepelican.com/aboutus/bluepelicanstandards), assuring you of an enhanced level of service whether you deal with us as client or candidate. You can view all our vacancies on our web site www.bluepelican.com, or call [blocked] and ask for the marketing division