Title: Senior Account Executive  Medical Communications
Webindex: 67803997
Company: Fresh Connect
Description: A successful and innovative Medical Communications agency has an exciting new opening for a talented Senior Account Executive to provide them with the creativity, vision and account handling expertise needed to really boost results. Based in central London, this position will require the successful candidate to oversee and aid the development and delivery of quality healthcare and medical communications campaigns, ensuring that you really raise the profile of your clients and their products. As Senior Account Executive you will take responsibility for all client interaction, brief taking, financial management and project execution for a number of reputable pharmaceutical clients. This will mean building strong and positive relationships with the finance, creative, studio and various teams internally, along with ensuring they gain the trust and respect of the client brand teams. To take advantage of this fantastic role, you must have solid Medical Communications experience gained from an agency setting, coupled with strong communication and client consultation skills. A life science degree would be advantageous, but is not essential. International experience is highly desired. This agency is predominantly looking for a passionate and creative individual who is keen to make a difference and boost results within the industry. If you have previously held a Senior Account Executive role in Medical Communications and you think you have what it takes for this excellent role, apply now For this and similar vacancies, please contact Gary Hoult on **** **** **** or email garyfreshconnect.co.uk. Senior Account Executive, Account Executive, Medical Education, Junior Account Manager, PR, Public Relations, Med Comms, Medical Communications, London. Senior Account Executive, Account Executive, Junior Account Manager, PR, Public Relations, Medical Education, Med Comms, Medical Communications, London. Closing Date: Application Information: gary.****freshconnect.aplitrak.com