Title: Software Developer ( SQL  Net  Visual Basic – ASPNET )
Webindex: 68709261
Company: Epsilon
Description: Software Developer ( SQL  .Net  Visual Basic – ASP.NET ) Epsilon International is a leading provider of strategic, ROIfocused email communications solutions and marketing automation technologies. Through its combination of innovative technologies, professional services and vertical market expertise, Epsilon International helps marketers acquire, grow and retain profitable customer relationships through highly relevant and personalized email communications. To support our ongoing growth we are looking for talented, enthusiastic software developers with a passion for digital technology. We offer ample opportunities to learn new skills and grow within a market leading organization. Candidates with the aptitude to learn and drive to succeed will thrive in this role. The main responsibilities will involve developing new and existing marketing applications, with options to focus on frontend web development or on databases. SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE Technical Skills  Important  TSQL (Microsoft's flavor of SQL)  MS Visual Basic .NET  ASP.NET  VB Script Desirable  SSIS, SSRS,  Oracle and PL/SQL desirable  PERL  PHP or ASP, HTML, XML  SSAS Personal Specification  Ability to read precise specifications and identify errors when defining scope of work  Ability to carry out analysis of data requirements to support business planning functions  Process oriented  Continuous Learner  Actively acquire the skills knowledge and abilities to meet job requirements and maintain professional competence  Demonstrate willingness to receive constructive feedback and act on it  Actively seek out assistance from peers where needed and demonstrate improvement in skills, knowledge and abilities from each interaction  Use all available company tools and resources to promote self development  Learn from experiences and changes behavior  Respond in a timely manner to the needs of the customer  Manage customer expectations in terms of service level and communications  Find a resolution that is satisfactory to the customer  Anticipate needs of the customer where reasonable  Continuously display positive, professional behavior towards internal and external customers  Manage workflow and maintain a 'sense of urgency' in accordance with customer needs/workflow  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Proven ability to work well in a team and across functional groups. Epsilon is an Alliance Data company with principle offices in London, New York, Hong Kong, Paris, Boston and Dsseldorf. No recruitment agencies please. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SoftwareDeveloperSQLNetVisualBasicASPNET_job****