Title: SQL Developer  Programmer & Manager roles
Webindex: 68672259
Company: Henry Nicholas Associates
Description: An established, very stable financial services organisation is launching an exciting new brand in 2013 and as a result they`re building an expert CRM team from scratch in Bristol. The brand`s aim is to challenge the way consumers perceive the banking sector and will behave ethically, in a way that consumers have come to expect following the past shakeups in the sector. With a vibrant, funky new feel, a fantastic product offering, a dynamic and cutting edge approach to consumer marketing, this is set to be one of the most exciting programmes that the financial services sector has seen to date  a far cry from the librarylike feel you might have come to expect from your high street bank. From a marketing perspective the challenge doesn`t get much better than this Within the CRM team are a number of SQL Analyst Programmer roles from Analyst level to Manager level (still hands on, but managing a small team of SQL Programmers). You must have experience dealing with data for marketing purposes, ideally in a bank, charity, telco or retail environment where you`ll have gained experience working with high volumes of consumer transactional data. We are recruiting both Campaign Reporting Data Analyst roles and Senior Analyst / Manager roles to:  Develop and implement campaign analysis reporting to understand the value generated by individual interactions and the overall customer interaction plan.  Direct the production of reports on the performance of leads and direct marketing for customers in head office and the frontline  Maintain MI and insight capabilities required for the reporting of campaign performance and customer interaction plan.  Undertake ad hoc analyses of marketing test and pilot activities  Input into the design and development of news reports to drive improved marketing performance  Drive campaign analysis reporting timescales and quality measures to achieve robust publications with a consistent approach and streamlined production that is lightsout operational running.  Liaise with IT to ensure accurate improvements to frontline reporting  Input into the development of the data infrastructure which supports marketing reporting and MI  Keep pace with industry leading thinking  Develop and maintain relationships with key customers, suppliers, colleagues and peers to obtain/exchange information, identify best practices and where appropriate ascertain customer`s future requirements.  Ensure compliance with the organisation`s procedure guidelines, reporting requirements and books of instructions as well as any relevant and statutory requirements. The technical skill set is the same for all roles. The successful manager or lead SQL Programmer / Analyst, and midlevel SQL Analyst Programmer will have experience in a marketing data analyst role, dealing with consumer / campaign data for marketing purposes. Ideally you`ll have worked in a CRM team before and will be used to working with large databases of customer transactional data. You must be a competent SQL Programmer who rates their programming skills ****/**** or more. You`ll deal with huge volumes of consumer data and work on copmplex data problems of all shapes and sizes. This is an exceptional set of opportunities with a gamechanging brand. If you are excited by the sound of this role and have the relevant skills, please send your CV to t.allenhenrynicholas.co.uk. Lead / Manager and midweight SQL Programmer / Analyst roles  Customer Marketing  Exciting new CRM programme in Bristol This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SQLDeveloperProgrammerManagerroles_job****