Title: SEO Executive – Social Media
Webindex: 68711956
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: SEO Executive  Social Media Maidenhead, Berkshire Up to **** DOE Plus Free Onsite Parking, Pension Scheme, Private Health, Onsite Gym Facility Are you a marketing professional with knowledge of SEO and strong Google Analytics and social media management skills? Looking to join a marketleading company where you will be able to flex your creativity and display your talents? If so, read on. A superb opportunity has arisen for an SEO Executive to join our client, the most innovative, accurate and respected supplier of technical information to the automotive aftermarket industry. As an SEO Executive, you will be responsible for implementing webbased marketing projects such as eMarketing campaigns. Playing a key role in the optimisation of our client's digital media, you will ensure that all digital and online channels are performing effectively and are delivering the same message. You will maintain our client's websites, ensuring that they are uptodate. Settingup and maintaining company blogs and social media sites, you will provide new content, competitions and informative, thought provoking news. Your other duties will include:  Creating and implementing bimonthly internal and external enewsletters  Assisting in the development of interesting and compelling videos for YouTube and website content  Recommending and implementing SEO processes  Monitoring online visitor activity and providing weekly and monthly tracking reports using Google Analytics To be considered for this role, you must have  At least one years' experience within an online and/or digital marketing role  Strong knowledge of SEO  Superb Google Analytics and social media management skills  Some experience of HTML coding  A degree in marketing or a similar discipline Organised and creative, as an SEO Executive, you must have excellent communication skills and the ability to effectively multitask. A team player, you must be comfortable working to deadlines and forging strong working relationships. Knowledge of XHTML, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Illustrator, Flash, JavaScript or CSS would be beneficial to your application. To apply for the role of SEO Executive (Social Media), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: SEO Executive, Social Media, Marketing Executive, Digital Marketing Executive, Marketing Campaign Executive, Social Media Marketing Executive, Content Social Media Executive, Marcoms Executive, PPC Executive, Online Marketing Executive. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SEOExecutiveSocialMedia_job****