Title: Marketing Copywriter
Webindex: 69805468
Company: Office Angels
Description: DUTIES AND DESCRIPTION: Our client is a very well established Financial company based in Bournemouth. They have a very friendly working environment, they offer free parking and desirable working hours. To plan and implement all online and offline brand and direct marketing campaigns. To provide content for the website including articles for the press and media centre. To create press releases as required by the company. To create copy for brand advertisements, email and direct mail campaigns. To contribute to social media campaigns, providing responses on behalf of the company as required. To ensure all media campaigns are executed in accordance with prevailing regulation and legislation. To adhere to marketing best practice within the department. To contribute to the smooth running and completion of projects across site builds, online and offline direct marketing and advertising, social media, maximising online sales opportunities and search marketing. To identify, manage mitigate and report on risks within the team, escalating anything of significance To ensure compliance with all requirements of The companies regulations HOURS: ****  5 Monday to Friday Salary up to ****k DESIRABLE SKILLS: Previous experience within a Financial environment is preferable. ESSENTIAL SKILLS: Education qualifications Educated to degree level or relevant experience in advertising and GSCE in English. Appropriate professional marketing qualification. Skills experience Customer focused, creative and imaginative outlook. Outstanding copywriting skills with great attention to detail. Two or more years of experience in writing for digital media. Good understanding of current advertising trends and techniques. Strong understanding of the digital landscape and how it can be used to support and develop online / offline sales. Excellent communication skills (written and verbal). Excellent administrative and organisational skills. Ability to work well under pressure. Knowledge of Affinity Marketing. Good understanding of the financial dynamics impacting the profitability of a life company. Experience of working in a regulated environment. **** SELLING POINTS: Excellent benefits, well established company, free parking. Due to the high number of applications we are receiving at present, we are unable to response to every application individually. If you do not hear from one of our consultants within 7 days please assume that your application has not been successful. We may contact your in the future about other suitable positions. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingCopywriter_job****