Title: Digital Account Manager/Producer  Agency
Webindex: 71408511
Company: THE MIND VEHICLE LTD
Description: Digital Account Manager/Producer ****K Digital Agency  London Our client is an ambitious and young digital agency based in London who work closely with client brands to create that all important, amazing userexperience. With some attractive clients already on the books, they are looking for a talented Digital Account Manager/Producer who has the same passion for the digital landscape as they do and thrives to deliver the best results. As the Account Manager/Producer, you will take responsible for managing projects from a brief through to completion across a range of clients, build upon existing client relationships and help to grow accounts Working closely with the Studio Creative team, you will be responsible for: Managing and delivering projects on time, and within budget Creating and managing project plans Ensuring effective communications internally to ensure projects are managed as per schedule Growing the client relationship Working closely with Management to report progress Managing workshops/client meetings Writing briefs to help scope projects Managing time and budgets for creative, technical and content teams. Attending client meetings to address challenges and obtain feedback Conducting project brainstorms. Skills required Proven track record in Account/Project Management within a similar agency Client liaison experience  with the ability to build strong relationships effectively Exceptional leadership skills when working on projects or with teams Confident communication skills a clear grasp of English language Experience of Lean/Agile Management techniques (Kanban/Scrum) Effective People management skills Comfortable managing multiple projects and clients. Familiarity working in a fastpaced environment This is a fantastic opportunity for a digital agency professional with high attention to detail, strong interpersonal skills and confidence to push back when needed to join a growing outfit. Viamii Recruitment Training is a specialist career service for those in the media, marketing and communications sector. We have uniquely combined ****ey areas of an individual's personal development to be able to offer it on one platform  Viamii. We at Viamii take time to understand your needs and get to the heart of what's right for you; whether it's the next allimportant step in your career, that crucial hire for your business or a training gap which could forward your results  you'll get it  Viamii. With over 14 years experience recruiting within the industry, we know what we're talking about. Our approach is personal, bespoke, flexible and honest. We don't just influence careers, we influence lives This approach is what sets us apart and makes us the agency to come to for your recruitment and/or training needs. Viamii Recruitment covers Content, Internal/External Communications, Digital, Client Services and Marcomms within London and the home counties Please note: Only successful candidates will be notified.