Title: Head of Digital – London – Global Premium drinks company  high profile brands
Webindex: 70088147
Company: The Blueprint
Description: The Company: This Global Premium Drinks Company is one of the world s largest with a diverse and exciting portfolio. They remain privately owned and have values of Trust, Passion, Excellence and Caring at heart. Working in a vibrant environment, this company has seen its digital budget double year on year and requires them to be one of the world s best businesses in the digital space. Head of Digital: As Head of Digital you will lead the UK s Digital activity across the full portfolio. You will create competitive advantage by reaching key audiences through significant activity on digital platforms with engaging and compelling content using social, commercial and promotional activity. You will partner with the global team and lead innovation on all platforms, establish and run partnerships with major digital companies and lead the brand teams from traditional to digital marketing. Head of Digital responsibilities: Develop the UK Digital Strategy to grow revenue through digital programmes and activities. Drive content across each brand keeping it in line with that brand s identity. Integrate digital activity with the portfolio s offline activity. Exploit the most prominent digital channels (search, advertising, social, video, geolocation) as needed for each brand. Understand and explain consumer insights in the digital space that will result in better marketing activity. Lead and develop relationships with third parties including agencies and digital/social companies. Contribute to the Global Digital Leadership Team comprising Digital heads from key markets. Control, set and monitor KPI s. Ensure continual develop of inhouse capability within the brand teams to improve performance through inspiring and education others Understand the client s business, its objectives and the trends shaping their markets. The Person: Extensive experience and proven track record across all forms of digital marketing. Solid grounding in social media best practices and savvy on all new and emerging technology trends. Successful track record within Marketing in a corporate, matrixed, and preferably global organization. Experienced in understanding brand positioning with the ability to identify digital marketing opportunities. Fluent in marketing strategy and brand strategy process. Ability to listen and communicate with others in every department you interact with. This is a truly exciting opportunity to work for a multinational company. The Package: ****k  car  package