Title: Senior PPC Executive
Webindex: 68678843
Company: Digital Personnel  LTD
Description: Award Winning Multichannel Media Agency requires a Senior PPC Executive to support a variety of clients from their offices in London. The agency is a global leading multichannel network with over 50 offices in 48 countries. They create experiences for their clients utilising a variety of media including traditional, digital, social and mobile media as well as new technologies and invented media. The company is an award winning innovator who have been trusted over decades by their clients and has a proven track record. The Senior PPC Executive will be responsible for assisting the PPC Account Manager in the delivery and implementation of search campaigns across a variety of clients. You will be required to research and analyse data in order to select the most effective way of improving campaign performance so that KPI and ROI targets are met. The ideal candidate will offer experience in providing PPC implementation and solutions to strategies developed by the account management team. You will work well in a teambased, fastpaced environment, offer strong analytical skills and have a genuine interest in media and advertising. Principal responsibilities will include;  Client Leadership  Able to demonstrate understanding and interest in a client's business and the markets within which they operate.  Assisting the PPC Account Manager in evaluating search opportunities.  You will be expected to drive ownership of smaller accounts.  Account management  Producing PPC insight and competitive reviews to inform planning.  Creating search media schedules including performance forecasts in response to clients' briefs.  Manage bookings on DDS and resolve any invoice queries.  Producing weekly media reports and assisting the PPC Account Manager in pulling together performance reviews.  Building relationships with media owners: placing bookings, negotiating rates and positioning.  Assisting the PPC Account Manager in delivering integrated media solutions to clients.  Team Leadership  You will manage a junior report, ensuring that they develop their career effectively and help to manage their workload.  You will create a centralised hub of information that can be shared with the wider team and not be afraid to share your skill or experiences. Crucially, candidates will offer the following key skills and knowledge;  You should be GAP qualified.  Proven track record of managing campaigns with Google Adwords  Search Alliance.  Understanding of 3rd party tracking / bid management solutions (Flashtalking, Marin, ATLAS)  Intermediate/Excel skills.  Numerical, statistical and datahandling skills. If you are an experienced PPC Executive looking for career progression for a Leader within the Media landscape then please do not hesitate to apply todayDigital Personnel is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Digital Personnel is a specialist recruitment consultancy supporting the digital media market, developing recruitment partnerships with innovative interactive businesses on a global scale. Digital Personnel supply the talent so that our clients can focus on creating and implementing online marketing strategies that continue to push the boundaries within this everevolving industry. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorPPCExecutive_job****