Title: New Product Developer
Webindex: 68061992
Company: Elevate Recruitment & Training Consultants
Description: Our client, a market leading and successful business are currently recruiting for a New Product Developer to join their team based in the North West. The successful candidate will assume responsibility for researching and interpreting market trends and translating them into viable, commercial products that can be effectively sourced and developed. They will liaise regularly with factories in the Far East and ensuring products are developed to the businesses quality standards both within budget and within timescales. Working closely with Senior National Account Managers (and other departments in the business) the post holder will develop a variety of different products across various gifting categories. Who we're looking for An established Product Developer with a background in Gifting (Consumer Goods: Toys, Homewear, Accessories, Confectionery / Food). Strong sourcing experience; predominantly from the Far East, and the ability to manage the entire Production cycle across the above product categories. A proven track record of developing successful products on specification and on time. A great eye for products and trends. The ability to initiate new categories and ranges as well as maximising the opportunities of existing lines. The successful candidate must be very process driven. We need a selfmotivated, energetic person with good influencing and communication skills and an understanding of how suppliers and customers work. Candidates must be proactive and flexible with good problem solving abilities. In return for meeting the above criteria the successful candidate will join a unique and innovative business. They will also be rewarded with a competitive salary in the region of **** – **** (dependent on experience). Elevate Recruitment Training Consultants Limited are a specialist food industry recruiter. This vacancy is just one of a number of vacancies that we are working in the sector – please get in touch for further details. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Keywords: Gifting, Toys, Homeware, Food, Confectionery, Confectionary, Accessories, Chocolate, Novelty, NDP, New Product Development, Import, Distribution, Consumer Goods, FMCG This role may be suitable for you if you have a background as any of the following: Product Developer, Product Development Manager This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NewProductDeveloper_job****