Title: Marketing Executive ****K Reading Software IT Exp / Campaigns LM
Webindex: 72451716
Company: Your Hired
Description: Marketing Executive ****K Reading PPC SEO Campaigns Software Company My client is a world leader within Telecoms Software , they have a role for a Marketing executive . You will be required to use your marketing skills, knowledge of the customers and of the business’s product solutions to input into the development of relevant marketing plans Your primary role will be to develop and implement marketing campaigns for specified EMEA markets and products, tailored to support the divisional marketing plan and its objectives. Main duties of this role include: Email marketing utilising BT’s chosen email service provider Utilising search engine marketing, encompassing SEO and PPC to drive awareness of the website and high quality enquiries Conducting keyword searches to create keyword optimised content Maintaining relevant areas of the website, ensuring content is designed to engage relevant audiences, improve the brand experience and drive increased awareness and leads Conduct campaigns using Sales Force CRM to set up, monitor, process leads and report in a timely and appropriate manor Within your area of responsibility, maintaining awareness of groups/associations that may be of interest to the business and market to these groups in the most appropriate manner. Skills include At least 2 years experience in Marketing with demonstrable results developing and implementing effective marketing activities/campaigns. Experience of marketing in a software/technology business environment (not essential). Expertise in working with different marketing channels including email marketing, updating and developing web content, search engine marketing including search engine optimisation and PPC, social media development e.g. Linked In and Twitter, direct mail, advertising and copywriting. Educated to at least A Level standard and ideally degree educated or marketing experience gained in a business environment. For more info please email CV. We acting as an employment agency in relation to this role and accept CV’s from all age groups and backgrounds. Unfortunately d ue to the volume of applications we receive, we are often only able to contact successful applications. We will however keep your CV on file in order to consider you for relevant opportunities. Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingExecutive****KReadingSoftwareITExpCampaignsLM_job****