Title: Senior Account Executive  b2b Education
Webindex: 69022734
Company: Talent Staffing
Description: Senior Account Executive  b2b Education ****K  ****K according to experience Governmentled policy and initiatives Media span: education national and trade press, TV/broadcast; regional media, public sector press. Campaigns across b2b private sector, public sector and notfor profit. The job role includes: Client liaison including contact meetings, client reporting. Daytoday point of contact for clients. Coordination with admin staff and delegation of adminrelated tasks. Media relations, inc pitching, liaison, editorial meetings, managing interviews, participating in Media Outreach programme to develop contacts. Writing: preparation and placement of releases/articles/competitions/cast studies/ reader offers/reviews and other editorial content. Coordination of photo calls, launches, etc. Event management, exhibition management and attendance. Supporting the development of PR objectives and programmes activity. Researching and producing wide range of materials to promote client products, services, etc. Broader marcoms activity across areas such as rebranding, sponsorship, speaker bureau, analyst relations, messaging, media training, etc. What we re looking for: A Senior Account Executive that is frontline to the media. You will work closely with our MD to execute campaigns effectively and generating results to knock our clients socks off We re seeking talented people with relevant agency experience and a track record generating results with the trade press and mainstream media, press release creation and distribution, interactive PR and industry research and analysis. Our SAEs provide an additional level of consultancy to the client including proactive media management, new media angles and developing campaign themes and ideas. Excellent writing skills, creativity and enthusiasm are the key ingredients for success. Education/background: Graduate or Post Graduate Degree, plus relevant b2b/b2c agency or inhouse experience across corporate, public sector, business consumer. Education sector experience an advantage. Microsoft Office skills Internet research skills Mainland European languages desirable Confident, enthusiastic approach. What we offer our USPs: Expertise, knowledge and a passion for outstanding client service. Enthusiastic teams with drive and creativity and who are motivated by a strong desire to make a difference. A rewarding and ethically sound sector which evolves rapidly. Competitive benefits package Involvement in new business and campaign management. Active investment in your individual career development. Landscaped garden with seating for sunny lunchtimes, reading papers and a glass of wine after work. Free car park for staff. 21 days paid holiday plus longservice award Training allowance CIPR membership Stakeholder pension scheme Annual salary reviews and appraisal/PDP programme Free eye tests Free flu jab Interestfree travel loans Pleasant office environment in listed Edwardian villa Excellent IT infrastructure Staff socials (summer bbq, awaydays, Christmas etc). after 6 months service