Title: Display Account Director at a market leading Digital Agency
Webindex: 69600604
Company: Xcede Recruitment Solutions
Description: Account Director London ****K  great benefits This is an exciting opportunity to join one of the UK's most well renowned Digital Agencies who are regarded as being at the fore front of SEO, PPC and Display. You will be tasked with being the prime point of contact for a large hospitality account. You will have a direct relationship with key stakeholders as well as multiple vendors. As the vast majority of campaigns are Direct Response, a background involving DR as well as knowledge of the current DSP/RTB marketplace is a must. You will be tasked with the following:  Communicate directly with key stakeholders on a daily basis and have working knowledge of the strategic direction of the account.  Attend, present and lead client strategy meetings, briefings and planning meetings  Ensure delivery of highquality thought pieces, planning presentations and analysis of campaigns directly and through your team  Proactively research new vendors and solutions to present to the client.  Utilising your knowledge and experience of digital to mentor and develop team of account managers and planners  Review and challenge performance and strategic direction of campaigns and activities.  Involvement with administrative tasks associated with the account: liaising with finance, trafficking, optimisation and web development teams. What you will need:  Experience in digital display media  Digital direct response experience response  MidLevel client management and experience with large complex account structures.  Ability to devise and execute campaign strategies across the EMEA and APAC regions  Able to use and interpret digital planning tools effectively (e.g. Nielsen, Comscore, Adrelevance etc)  Ability to examine accountwide results and proactively suggest improvements.  Demonstrate a good knowledge of the role played by other channels inc. paid search, SEO, social and specifically how this relates to display media  Able to traffic campaigns themselves including basic rich media, set up spotlight/ floodlight tags This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DisplayAccountDirectoratamarketleadingDigitalAgency_job****