Title: Export Marketing Coordinator
Webindex: 71686178
Company: City Centre Staff Bureau Limited
Description: Export Marketing Coordinator THE ROLE Reporting to the Marketing Manager, you will support the Marketing Manager to successfully deliver a variety of projects to time and budget. Working within a large marketing team, this handson role will involve a range of duties and the ability to work on multiple projects at any one time. JOB DESCRIPTION The successful applicant will get involved with a wide range of marketing tasks and, using their language skills, take a strong focus on our Export markets whilst also working alongside other team members to ensure continued strength to our domestic UK marketing activities. In particular, the role will entail: Complete or partial project management of new or revised marketing collateral such as brochures, newsletters, price lists and POS for our foreign markets. Involving aspects of copywriting, proof reading and print. Help administer and develop the existing CRM database of fireplace retailers/ press contacts to maintain accuracy of information and relevance to potential marketing activity. Working on creating good written copy for regular dealer communications (using CRM data) and the creation of newsletters, EMS, clearance lists, CDs, DVDs etc, as appropriate. Aid in the organisation of any exhibitions, whether UK or overseas. Provide overseas distributors/retailers with the photography, artwork and other marketing materials they need. Work on expanding existing instruction and marketing videos for our export markets. Producing new or updated copy for our extensive range of brochures both in the UK and export markets. All aspects of proof reading and the maintenance of information accuracy across brochures, letters, price lists and point of sale. Producing new or updated copy for our extensive portfolio of websites to reflect developments and additions in our ranges. Helping in the launch of new products within each market/sector by providing information and new photography upon request to both retailers and journalists.