Title: PR Account B2B
Webindex: 68688975
Company: Pure Recruitment
Description: PR Account Director B2B Maternity contract (with real potential to become permanent) ****k Start March 2013 ideally. A superb opportunity to join a vibrant, award winning agency in Oxfordshire, operating almost as a “London Agency” outside of London – you get the best of both worlds – a fantastic career, the chance to work with an incredibly talented team but without the commuting and long working hours of a London agency. Working on the B2B team, managing a number of wellknown clients across numerous sectors such as insurance, healthcare, Renewables etc. Duties will be wide ranging and business is evergrowing.This is successful, dynamic, wellestablished PR agency and your CV will be enhanced by working here. You should be able to demonstrate a good PR Agency background and have worked on B2B accounts – Healthcare/Pharmaceutical client experience would be advantageous. Campaign Planning Management Creative and innovative communication strategies fully reflecting client objectives are created and clearly documented. Media and Social Media Management An innovative, proactive, resultsdriven approach to the management of on and offline media ensures coverage and direct to consumer opportunities are capitalised upon and results presented back to the client. Media Relationships Relationships with key journalists (and, where relevant, bloggers) representing client market sectors are established and maintained to maximise opportunities for client coverage Client Relationships Solid, successful relationships at multiple levels within the client organisation are established through an understanding of the client’s business, implementing campaigns that meet their communications objectives and working in a confident, friendly, positive and approachable way. Account Development Opportunities to grow and develop accounts with new and existing clients through additional projects and increased service levels are identified and converted. Account Profitability Account profitability is maintained through effective service levels, time analysis and direct cost recovery. Presentation Facilitation Confident and effective presentation and facilitation skills are applied internally with teams and externally with clients, prospects and other audiences. Networking Networks of valuable contacts outside of the media are established and nurtured for leverage with clients and for business development purposes New Business Development New business leads are successfully managed from qualification through to conversion. You must be able to demonstrate a B2B PR background, have some PR agency experience and be passionate what you do. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PRAccountB2B_job****