Title: Junior Analyst  Consultancy
Webindex: 72480676
Company: Harnham Search and Selection Ltd
Description: Junior Analyst  Consultancy This is an exciting opportunity to work with a wellknown marketing analytics consultancy in a role that will give you the chance to utilise your SAS /SQL and insight skills. The role offers opportunity for training, career progression and exposure to their bluechip clients. THE COMPANY: Our client is a leading marketing analytics consultancy based in London. They offer analytical insight and consult into large retail FMCG bluechip clients. They are now looking to recruit a Junior Analyst who will be involved in various insight projects, providing an understanding of customer performance and behaviour. THE ROLE: The Junior Analyst will work with a team in order to provide relevant insight analysis to several accounts across the company. You will deliver analysis on customer and campaign performance and give reccommendations on methods to maximize future business function. The role will be varied and will involve forming good relationships with contacts, understanding and carrying our analysis needed and dealing with analytical queries. You will have strong communication skills and the ability to highlight issues faced and decide apporpriate action needed. YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: The successful candidate will have the following essential qualities and skills:  **** in a relevant degree (mathematics, statistics, economics, physics)  Experience using SAS or SQL  Excellent communication skills  Methodical and logical THE BENEFITS: Salary is up to **** with great benefits HOW TO APPLY: To be considered for the Junior Analyst position, hit the Apply button above now, or contact Talitha BoitelGill on **** **** **** or talithaboitelgillharnhamsearch.com KEYWORDS: SAS, SQL, Alterian, Unica, Epiphany, analytics, analyst, marketing, customer targeting, strategies, consumer / product analysis, direct marketing, statistics, propositions, strategy, propensity, forecasting, CHAID, modelling, retention, acquisition, churn, segmentation, consumer driven marketing, London ABOUT HARNHAM: Harnham Search and Selection are specialists within the analytics and data markets, focusing on niche areas of recruitment where many of the UKs businesses find hiring quality employees a challenge. We are one of the UKs largest suppliers of analytical staff, and have an impressive client list, ranging from SMEs to some of the worlds leading bluechip pharmaceutical companies. Our consultants undergo intensive training to become experts within their fields. Junior Analyst