Title: Senior Account Manager  Automotive
Webindex: 70767916
Company: Sammons Group
Description: An exciting new opportunity has been created for a skilled Senior Account Manager to join a leading independent marketing, communications and advertising agency based in leafy Essex within comfortable commuting distance of London Based in impressive offices with ample car parking the role of the Senior Account Manager is both broad and immensely challenging. Seen internally as one of the most high profile hires of 2013, and reporting into the Chief Executive the Senior Account Manager will have responsibility to plan, develop and implement a number of strategic business plans for growth and expansion in new markets, both in the UK and Internationally. The Senior Account Manager will also work in partnership with the account management team at the agency to ensure delivery of integrated, creative and digital projects on time and in agreed budget. The role will also be responsible for assisting in new business initiatives across the agency. Previous agency experience at a Senior Account Manager level is highly desirable as is previous digital marketing experience (including web, social media and apps). An interest in the wider automotive industry would also be desirable. This is a broad and immensely challenging newly created Senior Account Manager role with the scope for future progression and development within the agency. Salary ********  car allowance of **** per annum, discretionary bonus of 10% and excellent fringe benefits including pension, healthcare, stock options (upon length of service) and excellent training/developmental opportunities.  All qualified applicants with current entitlement to work in the UK (including for example HSMP visas) are welcome. We regret we are unable to seek work permits on behalf of candidates, which means that applicants requiring work permits unfortunately will not be considered. We endeavour to reply to all applications. However if you have not heard from us within 7 days you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group. The Sammons Group is an Employment Business and Employment Agency as defined by the EAA Regulations **** and we abide by the Code of Practice of our industry body (the Recruitment & Employment Confederation  REC). We are committed to supporting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the Equality Assured Recruiter Standard, as endorsed by REC