Title: Marketing Campaign Officer
Webindex: 66645369
Description: About Skills for Care: Skills for Care ensures that England's adult social care workforce has the appropriately skilled people in the right places working to deliver high quality social care. To achieve this, we focus on the attitudes, values, skills and qualifications people need to undertake their roles. We work closely with the ****plus organisations that employ adult social care workers, together with people who use services, carers and other key partners to develop effective tools and resources that meet the workforce development needs of the sector. Skills for Care supports employers (organisations and people who 'directly' employ PAs) develop the knowledge and skills of nearly 1.56 million workers and support the sector to plan for the future using data from our National Minimum Data Set for Social Care (NMDSSC). About the Marketing Campaign Officer role: The role will be to deliver integrated marketing campaigns to support awareness building of careers in social care, including specifically to young people aged **** The role relies on the initiative and expertise of the individual to devise creative and effective approaches to campaign delivery, using the full mix of marketing tools and media (content, on and off line advertising, social, landing pages, events, telemarketing, direct mail, email etc.), to reach and engage the target audience. About you: You will need to have experience of working in a similar role within a similar sized organisation. You will ideally have experience within: B****C marketing including engaging with young people Building supplier relationships Maintaining and administering websites using backend functions Experience in compiling information from different sources including the internet Experience of writing and editing copy, news items, announcements etc. Knowledge of social media Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, blogs, etc. and a willingness to create regular blogs and posts Ability to identify a target market and speak to that consumer through social media Events management Relevant degree or vocational / professional development to an equivalent level CIM qualification Specialist knowledge of marketing techniques Communicate effectively with multidisciplinary teams within a project environment Good administrative and organisational Skills For Care Ability to communicate effectively with external stakeholders Excellent copywriting and proof reading Skills For Care Intermediate IT Skills Benefits: 31 days annual leave 5 days of these are office closure days which are set dates Pension Scheme Childcare Vouchers Time off in Lieu Please click apply to view the full job description. Important: You will be required to complete an application form.