Title: Marketing Executive, Travel (46 months FTC)
Webindex: 68678212
Company: Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment
Description: Exciting opportunity for a Marketing Executive to work for my client, an airline of the Channel Islands. You will be based in the Channel Islands Due to the continued growth of the company, the Marketing, Brand and Communications Team require an enthusiastic, selfmotivated, skilled and experienced marketing executive. The executive will be a selfstarter and expected to work effectively within a small, but fast paced and dynamic team, understanding the commerciality of the wider business.  The wider objectives of this role will be to implement effective marketing and communications activity that raise awareness of the airline and its products, whilst achieving commercial objectives.  Develop a clear understanding of the business, commercial objectives and target audiences.  Responsible for the development and maintenance of key airport and tourism contacts in selected destinations.  Campaign and marketing initiative planning and implementation with aforementioned contacts.  Working to a clear brief to market the new frequent flyer scheme (launching soon)  Agreed partnership initiatives that remain in line with the marketing objectives.  Effective internal communication of marketing activity is essential.  Effective reporting of marketing activity will be expected. This role will require regular travel. If this sounds like the role for you then please contact Rachel Hawker ASAP Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment specialises in marketing jobs across Creative, PR, Clientside, Account Handling and Executive. We offer unrivalled opportunities across all specialisms and industry sectors, presenting you with only the best marketing jobs. Although we try to respond to all applications, the high number we receive means this isn`t always possible. If you have not heard from us within **** hours, please assume that your application has not been successful. For more information, visit www.blueskiescareers.co.uk and we`ll make sure we do our best to find you the perfect marketing role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingExecutiveTravel46monthsFTC_job****