Title: PR Account Director  Consumer & Trade PR  Milton Keynes
Webindex: 67393485
Company: Fresh Connect Recruitment
Description: A massively successful and growing fullservice PR and Communications agency with an excellent reputation has a unique opening for an Account Director to join their growing team in Milton Keynes. With a dedicated and talented team, this is an excellent agency to work for. The successful candidate will be hands on and will also motivate and guide the account team on the daytoday running of several Consumer PR and Trade PR accounts. Providing senior council on public relations strategy in order to develop and deliver engaging and influential campaigns is also integral to this mixed consumer and trade PR position. The Account Director will take an active lead and be responsible for client relationships, PR strategy, line management and weekly workload planning. They will also offer creative ideas and be integral to the development of campaigns, providing quality control for written communications and coordinating press information. Reporting to the Managing Director, the new Account Director will be a proactive, organised and energetic individual with experience in a similar PR position. In order to be considered for this position you must have: A successful track record working on Consumer PR and Trade PR accounts within an agency environment (the agency will consider candidates coming from an inhouse background as long as they have previous PR agency experience) Creativity and the ability to think laterally The ability to manage client relationships, arrange meetings, organise events (such as press conferences and coordinate media events) The ability to write cogently, accurately and with flair (journalism experience is considered desirable) Drive and motivation, along with a genuine passion for both consumer and trade PR. Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to line manage with maturity, humour and authority A detailed understanding of social media and digital marketing (and their uses) Financial management/budgeting ability A full, current driving license If you fit the criteria outlined in this advertisement and you want to embark upon an exciting new challenge within a successful Milton Keynes based agency, apply today For this and similar vacancies, please contact Julia Fenwick on **** **** **** or email juliafreshconnect.co.uk Account Director, Senior Account Director, Senior Account Manager, Consumer Public Relations, Consumer PR, Trade PR, Public Relations, London. Account Director, Senior Account Director, Senior Account Manager, Consumer Public Relations, Consumer PR, Trade PR, Public Relations, London.