Title: Marketing Graduate Trainee  Manchester City Centre
Webindex: 68682190
Company: FireEdge
Description: Marketing Graduate Trainee  Manchester City Centre No Experience Required  Immediate Start Available FireEdge is a direct marketing and sales company based in the heart of Manchester. Our sales, marketing customer acquisition campaigns are outsourced by businesses throughout the UK as we offer a greater ROI than any traditional forms of marketing. We’re looking to double in size in 2013 so we can work with more clients and expand into new markets. If you’re looking to make an impact in a growing company and have an interest in marketing, sales, customer service or business, we’d love to hear from you Our Openings: We’re looking for a handful of Marketing Graduate Trainees to work with customers facetoface on a daily basis to ensure an incredible relationship is built. We meet with our clients target audience either in their place of business, at their homes, or at prearranged event venue. By meeting our clients target market in person we can give a personalised presentation and answer any questions the prospective customer may have. Marketing Graduate Trainees will be offered full product training, ongoing guidance, and the opportunity to spend time in the field with experienced Sales Assistants in order to ensure success Advancement Opportunities: As our portfolio grows, we'll need experienced people to oversee teams, campaigns and markets. Once you’ve demonstrated the ability to produce consistent results on an individual basis using our direct marketing and sales methods, you’ll be offered the opportunity to begin developing others as part of our Business Development Programme. If you’re able to develop a strong team that can produce consistent results collectively, we’ll offer you the opportunity to oversee a new campaign or a new market. You'll then begin learning the business management side of our operations. The more sales people and sales teams we have, the more clients we work with, so your future is in your hands Marketing Graduate Trainee Requirements: You’ll need to be 18 years of age due to the independent nature of the role and since you’ll be signing documents on behalf of our clients You’ll need to be able to commute to our office on Princess Street in Manchester City Centre You’ll need to dress smart and have confident communication skills since you’ll be meeting with people facetoface No specific work experience is required because we offer product training, but experience working with customers is always a plus (i.e. sales, retail sales, customer service, hospitality, etc.) No specific degrees or qualifications are required since we offer ongoing support, but businessrelated degrees are helpful for those looking to advance. A solid work ethic and desire to succeed are expected because we operate in a performancebased industry whereby advancement and earnings are purely performancebased. The more you put in, the more you get out For consideration: Please send your CV to Nikki using the online application process (click the orange apply button below). We aim to contact successful applicants within **** working days, so please be sure to include a phone number and email address on your CV. For additional information, please visit our website: http://www.fireedge.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingGraduateTraineeManchesterCityCentre_job****