Title: Head of Search  (Digital Marketing Agency)  Brighton
Webindex: 68672128
Company: Guru Resourcing
Description: HEAD OF SEARCH (DIGITAL MARKETING AGENCY)  BRIGHTON We are seeking an experienced Digital Marketing Specialist (Natural/Paid/Mobile/Social) to head up the search marketing function within an expanding digital marketing agency. Based in Central Brighton, just a stone throw from the beach, you will join a dynamic, award winning studio environment. Read on Founded in **** this specialist digital marketing agency helps highend retailers deliver the ultimate shopping experience through digital. Not only renowned for creating and innovating excellent search marketing solutions they are also famed for their strong company culture having won numerous “Best Place to Work” awards. Joining as their Head of Search you will help to shape and deliver search solutions for highend retailers operating in the home and garden, lifestyle, accessories and fashion sectors. Whether you are developing/implementing complex natural paid campaigns, brainstorming new services, measuring search activity or attending client meetings your input will be integral to the ongoing success of this agency. Skills and experience required: Comfortable managing all of the above duties you should be an experienced Digital Marketing Specialist / Head of Search with good awareness of the retail markets and skills/experience that cover the following: Natural search / Paid search / Mobile search / Social search / Global local search. Ecommerce platforms. A/B multivariate testing. Active selling, dynamic merchandising and content delivery. Customer insight, segmentation analysis. Search analytics, measurement forecasting. Thought leadership with published articles online and experience of speaking at relevant events. People management skills with the ability to lead and motivate others. A passion for premium retail. A great team player with brilliant communication skills. Highly organised with an eye for attention to detail. A black book brimming with contacts across the digital and retail sectors would be a bonus as would any exposure to search as part of a larger multichannel marketing campaign, affiliate marketing or search as part of a full customer experience strategy. If you relish a challenge and are keen to make an impact then this could be just right for you. Perhaps you are an inhouse search expert looking for a fresh challenge or an experienced agency player looking for that next career step into senior management. Either way, this new role within the company offers great progression, a friendly working environment and a highly competitive salary. Get in touch Keywords: Head of Search, Digital Marketing, Retail, Premium Retail, Head of SEO, Head of PPC, SEO Manager, Senior SEO Manager, Online Marketing, Search Engine Optimisation, Digital Marketing Specialist, SEO, PPC, Natural Search, Paid Search, Analytics Manager, SEO Jobs in Brighton, SEO Jobs in Brighton, East Sussex, Search Jobs in Sussex, Senior SEO Management Jobs in Sussex, Brighton, Head of Search Jobs in Brighton, East Sussex, BN**** Guru are an employment business renowned for delivering careers networking to the Marketing sector. In this instance Guru are managing the selection process for this particular Head of Search campaign on the behalf of our client. We offer a transparent service to both clients and candidates which means that if you pass our initial filtering criteria (based on your CV suitability against our client’s requirements) we will email you with the client’s details and also pass your complete application to the client for consideration. By applying to this role you are granting consent for us to work in this way. One final note, your application will only be used in conjunction with this specific role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadofSearchDigitalMarketingAgencyBrighton_job****