Title: Account Manager  Ambitious Technology Agency
Webindex: 72423807
Company: Hanson Search Ltd
Description: My client is an awardwinning, multinational PR firm with a standout reputation in the business. They are energetic and passionate about their clients, but also understand the effect their work has on wider communities. As such they seek to push the boundaries of influence in everything that they do, and seek the brightest and best to help them achieve this. This Account Manager role puts you at the helm of a determined team with a shared love of B2B Technology. You will be expected to take full responsibility for the accurate and timely work carried out and act as a mentor to your team. In conjunction with this you will exercise your client handling skills on a daytoday basis, providing strategic insight that mutually benefits them and the business. A keen eye for detail and fluency with social media are essential qualities. Strong communication skills (both written and verbal) with proof of using these to negotiate with media contacts and broaden your network are also invaluable. A successful candidate must: Display successful media relations experience Have experiencing of following leads and pitching for new business Be comfortable managing team budgets and administrative information With superb career prospects, if this sounds like the career path for you, please contact Amy Stewart at Hanson Search on **** or email amy.stewarthansonsearch.com . Not for you? Recommend a friend and be eligible for our referral reward scheme. We can only respond to those people who are successful at application stage, but all details will be held on file and Hanson Search will contact you in the future if we have a suitable position. Hanson Search encourages applicants from all ages backgrounds. Selection is based on merit alone, but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the advertised country. Hanson Search specialists in Strategic Communications recruitment. With divisions in Consumer, Corporate, Financial, Healthcare and pharmaceutical, Public Sector, Technology and Public Affairs. Serving the UK, European and international markets, for agency and inhouse; freelance and permanent work. REC accredited.