Title: Account Manager CR,IR, CSR (Mandarin speaker)
Webindex: 71694862
Company: Corporate Communications Recruitment
Description: Our client is one of the UK s leading independent corporate reporting agencies. They help all types of businesses from large global organisations to FTSE small caps to build greater confidence and trust with their investors and other key stakeholders. Our client is looking to hire a Mandarin speaking Account Manager. The agency has a peerless depth of knowledge and experience devising and producing integrated reporting solutions. These combine best practice advice on strategy, creative and multichannel delivery through annual reports and reviews, CR reports, online reports, investor presentations and corporate websites. The agency also has a strong consultancy offer which differentiates them from many of their competitors. Role The role of the AM is to work closely with the Account Director on all Annual Reports and other communications projects and to take responsibility for the daytoday running of corporate reporting projects within the team. Responsibilities To support Account Director in managing projects on a daytoday basis helping to ensure that projects are delivered on time and on budget. To participate in internal Client planning and development processes to deliver effective corporate reporting solutions. To prepare and manage detailed schedules for all projects, and assist in managing internal and external teams to meetall milestones. To oversee all design and content changes to projects to ensure accuracy, consistency and quality at all stages. To understand and manage effectively the print and production process and approvals internally and externally, including: proofing, print and mailing. To negotiate effectively with external suppliers. To assist in managing all financial aspects of the Client s account. To applythe agencies procedures consistently so we are protected from financial loss and the quality of service to clients is maintained. Key Tasks Project management Project Delivery Commercial Client relationship management Strategic development Business development Personal Profile The successful candidate will have the following qualifications, experience and personal qualities: Qualifications Degree level qualification of ****:**** or above. Qualification in investor relations or corporate communications or CSR would be helpful. Work Experience and Skills The ideal candidate will have the following profile of skills and experience: Ideally46 years experience in project managing corporate literature (preferably annual reports). Management of web projects would be helpful. Be very knowledgeable about print production, publishing and the project management process. Excellent writing, editing and communication skills are essential. Be fully conversant with Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint. Personal Qualities Strong interpersonal and communications skills necessary to build trust and respect both externally and internally. Ambitious for work quality and committed to excellence. Ability to set and manage many urgent, and often conflicting, priorities. Strong can do attitude motivated by a desire to be part of the solution, rather than part of the problem. Flexibility and a teamfocused, nonhierarchical approach with a roll up your sleeves attitude to getting thejob done. Ability to hit the ground running, move quickly and make the required contribution in the new environment. Energetic and keen to meet the challenges of contributing to a dynamic, highly entrepreneurial environment.