Title: Junior Account Manager, FMCG, Retail, London, ****k
Webindex: 71888713
Company: Dynamic New Alliances
Description: The Role: A top 10 BTL Integrated agency is looking for an Account Manager, with Sales Promotion and Shopper Marketing experience. This agency is hugely progressive; they are experts in their field and growing their offering as an agency all the time. They are a medium sized agency and are housed in a fantastic office in Central London. They are looking for an Account Manager to work across several key agency accounts. These are focussed in the FMCG and Retail sectors, with the work covers BTL and Digital predominantly Sales Promotion, OnPack, POS, Experiential, Customer Journey, Microsites and Social. The work is also very creative and they have a number of top industry awards under their belt. This role will be working across several key agency accounts, across EMEA. The clients are a large confectionary company, working on some famous brands. Another client is a retail giant, across all of their promotional and BTL marketing. They have a great reputation and really close relationships with their clients, so if you are looking for a Junior Account Manager role away from hardcore sweatshop clients then this could be the role for you. As a bonus, the work they do is also fantastic and easily recognisable. This Junior Account Manager opportunity also comes with real scope to progress to Account Manager in a short space of time, for someone who is driven, passionate and someone who is really going to stand out and get on with the people within this agency, as they have a great culture, with a nice social element to the role. Deliverables: Cementing the client/agency relationships Contributing to the strategic development of campaigns. Ensuring the smooth running of campaigns from conception, to briefing all the way through to delivery. Running some projects autonomously. The Person: This agency has a fantastic culture. They are forward thinking and are a talented bunch of people, which has resulted in some great awards being won. The right Junior Account Manager must be able to identify with this. You must have a real passion for the industry and especially BTL, Shopper Marketing. Some understanding of Digital would also be advantageous, as well as FMCG or Retail client experience. You will be someone who enjoys being hands on, not afraid to speak to clients and throw out ideas and take the lead on projects. This agency is also pitching for a number of new accounts, so previous pitch work would be great but not essential. This is also a fantastic opportunity to gain some experience in pitching. This is a truly great opportunity to work in a leading UK agency and on some fantastic clients. If you feel that you have the relevant skills and experience required to do this job then don t hesitate to get in touch, as we expect a high number of application.