Title: Customer Service Account Executive
Webindex: 68675488
Company: Randstad
Description: Role: Customer Service Account Executive (Fluent in Spanish, French and English) Location Greater Manchester: Salary: **** ? **** This is a fantastic opportunity to work for a growing and well established company who specialise in branded merchandise for businesses. Must have experience in a customer service, sales and administrative role that thrives on delivering excellent service levels, enjoys managing accounts and increasing new business. This job comprises of proactively managing a large and prestigious account within a team to build solid relationships to increase spends whilst delivering excellent customer. Responsibilities: ? Delivering the highest level of customer service to one account, regularly upselling products and managing the account on a 360 degree basis. ? Understand the account structure, customer base and marketing needs in order to develop the appropriate sales and Marketing strategy in line with those needs. ? Identify and win new business opportunities. ? Managing the administration in full for this account, from new purchases, deliveries, daily queries and managing Excel reports. ? Effectively deal with all types of enquiries from the account. This will involve identifying their needs and providing a professional, fast and efficient service. ? Work closely with the purchasing team to ensure products are sourced from approved vendors and leveraging our buying power to maximise gross margin. ? Work with the artists and creative team to ensure that all product development is in line with customer?s expectations in terms of target market, corporate identity, and client marketing strategy, whilst meeting the commercial requirements in terms of product, supplier and margin. ? Work closely with stock control to ensure stock levels are maintained at the correct level in line with those set by finance department. ? Assist the finance department by working with the client to ensure the smooth running of invoicing and credit control. ? Obtain prices from new and existing suppliers, source products, to order samples from the samples database or samples catalogue and initiate samples requests within 24 hours, chasing up suppliers where necessary and advising customers of delays where relevant. To prepare all quotes within 24 hours and follow up within a maximum of 5 days. ? Place orders on OASIS system checking all the details are correct such as prices, colours, print details, despatch date and stock where required. ? Raise artwork request sheet to customer specification and pass to the artists to be produced. Once the artwork is completed and checked for accuracy and quality, to send/fax or email to the customer for approval and proceed with orders once customer approval has been given. ? Check orders before the due date with supplier to fulfil delivery date. ? Trace and check parcel delivery times and obtain proof of delivery for the account where necessary. Once deliveries have been made, ensure invoices are raised and deal with any issues relating to this. ? Deal effectively with customer complaints and queries, particularly the more complex customer issues, solving problems appropriately and recording complaints accurately on the database. To assist the less experienced executives in resolving customer complaints where required. ? As part of this role you will also be required from time to time to provide assistance on ad hoc projects as and when required by your line manager. Personal Attributes: ? Fluent in Spanish, French and English. ? Outstanding customer service skills. ? Excellent team player and communicator. ? Organised, dedicated, proactive and passionate with great time management skills and attention to detail. ? Experience using MS Office, Excel and OASIS. ? Resilient and calm. To apply please send your CV This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CustomerServiceAccountExecutive_job****