Title: Account Manager  DRUM Top 100 Agency  Up to ****k
Webindex: 68981105
Company: Digital Gurus
Description: This is an exciting role for someone who can manage projects as part of a wider team. You'll be responsible for managing the daytoday delivery of projects, ensuring that work is on brief, on time and profitable. You MUST have strong knowledge of social media and digital, with previous experience in an integrated environment a bonus. The Role  Handle new/existing accounts, developing and maintaining the existing relationships with clients through regular and proactive contact such as regular client meetings.  Provide timely and accurate budgets to ensure adequate time for clients to raise POs and to maximise profitability for the agency  Present creative work and timing plans to client, including costs involved  Manage the project management process, turning briefs into reality and ensuring deadlines are met  Trafficking creative through artwork/production, ensuring original objectives adhered to.  Monitor progress of campaigns and make recommendations for modifications where appropriate  Ensure billing and sales figures are regularly updated and reflect an accurate picture of work in progress  Arrange regular client status/monthly meetings and produce status and contact reports  Proactively seek out opportunities to grow accounts Who we need  Automotive and consumer electronics experience an advantage  Good understanding of the creative/production process  Confident, ambitious and energetic with a spark and passion for digital.  Selfmotivated  Highly organised, ability to work to deadlines and good attention to detail  Good interpersonal, team building and relationship management skills  Effective written communication, presentation skills and negotiation skills  Ability to make decisions with some guidance where necessary and ability to take the steps to resolve problems quickly and effectively. Are you looking for a new challenge now it's 2013? If this sounds like it could be for you don't hesitate to send your CV to Katiedigitalgurus.co.uk. Due to high volume of applications, only successful candidates will be contacted.