Title: Panel Project Manager  Oxford
Webindex: 68677925
Company: Thomas James Recruitment
Description: This is an exciting opportunity to work for a leading Global organisation team based in their Headington Office for a Panel Project Manager. Responsible for managing multiple panel recruitment and retention projects. This is an exciting and challenging opportunity for the right individual to display their project management skills. Your daily responsibilities will involve ma naging several Online panel recruitment and retention projects, s strategic and tactical management of assigned projects and ensure that projects are delivered on time, on budget and within scope. Create and manage plans needed to support the implementation of projects, m easure success of efforts through a combination of metrics, including improvements in productivity, reduction in operation’s expenses, increases in client satisfaction and delivery quality. Drive creation of business requirements for projects, h elp identify thirdparty vendors and tools as needed to support the business. Participate in strategy and brainstorming sessions, u tilize information from across Watch and Buy cross platform teams to ensure that projects conform to legal and business requirements and provide sufficient user feedback to support existing quality control / KPI management processes. Provide risk assessment for implementation of changes resulting from process or project improvements and enhancements and business/client requests, a ct as a stakeholder and spokesperson for the Panel Management team within and outside the organization as needed, including communications with senior management and client service groups. Actively explore productivity and quality improvement opportunities in areas concerning ongoing support for business critica, systems, process change management as it relates to identifying improvements to existing processes and procedures. To apply you will have the ability to identify project objectives, tasks, and project approach to achieve business needs, strong ability to influence and lead a diverse and distributed team. Strong ability to work in a fastpaced environment managing simultaneous projects and to respond to rapidly changing priorities. Excellent analytical and problemsolving skills with technical skills related to data analysis and reporting, including the ability to execute Sequel and Access queries. Working knowledge of Lean Six Sigma and be PMP Certified. Please send your cv to the address below or for more information, why not give me a call? This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PanelProjectManagerOxford_job****