Title: Senior Sales  Mobile Ad Network (LGTB Content)
Webindex: 66904373
Company: Ultimate Asset
Description: The Company Company revenues have quadrupled over the last 12 months with profits quadrupling also. In the same time period they have become a huge player in the mobile sector delivering around **** billion ads per month. With 6 offices worldwide they are currently aggressively expanding their market share across the world. The current team consists of about **** employees with the head office in London and offices in US, EU and Asia. They have a clear exit plan for 45 years time, and have already rejected offers that run into the **** figure territory. The Role The company is looking for an intelligent and enterprising ad sales executive to join their marketleading, fastgrowing, hightech mobile internet ad network, with particular focus on the LGTB market. Your focus will be to secure and manage both LGTB focussed publishers and advertisers in the European region to assist in meeting the company's global gay market goals. The LGTB market is the last new frontier in the adult mobile market and the landscape is wideopen for the right person to come in and help build it out with the support of the Global VP  LGTB Market as well as the entire global team. Tasks include: Identify and secure new advertisers and publishers in Europe Identify LGTB sections of current publisher sites that would fit in the LGTB network and work with publishers to aunch LGTB zones. Attend regional trade shows and events Identify and deliver to each publishers and advertisers KPIs e.g. eCPM, average CPC, fill rate etc. in order to secure longterm agreements The person I'm looking for has all of the following: Digital advertising sales experience, selling to media agencies or clients direct Be comfortable working in the LGTB market. Strong trackrecord in delivering on targets. Solid education Entrepreneurial spirit and winning attitude It's a very interesting role and could be VERY profitable for the right person. Get in touch to arrange a chat.