Title: Marketing & Sales Assistant  Edinburgh
Webindex: 72672260
Company: Concord Corporation Ltd
Description: Marketing Sales Assistant  Edinburgh ARE YOU INTERESTED IN MARKETING, SALES, OR BUSINESS MANAGEMENT? AT CONCORD CORPORATION, WE HAVE MULTIPLE MARKETING SALES OPPORTUNITIES AVAILABLE MARKETING SALES ASSISTANT: At Concord Corporation in Edinburgh City Centre, we're interested in graduates, gap year workers, career changers (or others with an interest in marketing, sales or business management). We offer product training and ongoing guidance as we aid in developing quality candidates through all facets of what we do for our clients, therefore neither specific degree nor experience is required We are interested in people looking for longterm commitments with potential for growth and people looking to gain experience over the next year. SKILLS YOU'LL BE ABLE TO GAIN/ ENHANCE: Marketing, Sales, Public Relations Teamwork Team Leadership Public Speaking Campaign Coordination Basic Administration Finance Business Management Client Relations ABOUT US: Concord Corporation Ltd is now a well recognised brand within the sales and marketing world. With a “quality comes first” attitude, the Company is now expanding at an incredible rate throughout Scotland. We work with a portfolio of UK and European based clients looking to increase brand awareness and market share. We specialise in providing our clients with a consumerfocused approach in order to effectively penetrate their target market and acquire new customers on the spot. As an alternative to mass media advertising campaigns, we take the first step towards developing longterm relationships with our client's customers. Our channels of distribution include events, b2b and b2c. This year we intend to expand our portfolio and branch out into new markets. MARKETING SALES ASSISTANT REQUIREMENTS: You must be **** or older in order to register new customers behalf of our clients. You also need to be eligible to work in the UK, and prepared to commute to Edinburgh City Centre daily Applicants should be openminded and excited about learning new skills You should be willing to work hard because the more you put in, the more you get out We offer rapid growth in a performancebased industry; therefore growth and earnings will be performancebased We also recommend smart dress and confident communication skills since we meet with customers facetoface All degrees and customeroriented experience (retail sales, customer service, hospitality) will be considered along with teamwork and leadership roles. Send your CV to Orlagh for Immediate Consideration Please note: Following a successful sit down with a member of our management team, you may be invited to spend a full day in the field observing our customer acquisition process. This is helpful in determining if the opening is best for you, and participants will not receive compensation. If successful, you will be contacted within **** business days via email and or phone, so please be sure your contact details are up to date before sending your cv This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingSalesAssistantEdinburgh_job****