Title: Account Manager | Shopper Marketing | Sales Promotion | FMCG | London | ****k
Webindex: 68978498
Company: Dynamic New Alliances
Description: The Agency: An absolutely fantastic opportunity has arisen to work in a leading agency, both in terms of reputation, quality of work and culture. The agency is independent, with a global reach. Their clients are a who s who of leading brands within FMCG, Automotive, Services and Retail. They are experts on their field, with strengths covering Experiential, Shopper Marketing, Sales Promotion, On/Off trade activity, Events pretty much the whole below the line remit. They also have a fantastic culture, with a real friendly and social atmosphere in the office, which is also fantastic. The Role: This is a great opportunity for an Account Manager, Junior Account Manager or Senior Account Executive who is looking to take that next step up into a leading agency. The client is a global Alcohol brand with a fantastic reputation and a number of premium labels, most of which this agency does all of the BTL activation for. They are looking for an Account Manager who is immediately available and who can hit the ground running. The work will cover the UK side of the business, and include Sales Promotion, POS, Experiential (ontrade activity) onpack promotions and offtrade activity. As an Account Manager you will be one of the main ports of call for the client, ensuring that they are up to speed on a daytoday basis, as well as helping to build a strong relationship. The Account Manager will also be expected to contribute to strategy and help manage/mentor an Account Executive, leading by example in briefings, brief writing and client management. The Candidate: The ideal Account Manger will come from an integrated agency background, with strong BTL brand activation experience, covering Sales Promotion and Shopper Marketing. FMCG experience is ideal, as well as on and off trade experience. This is a fantastic agency with a really solid culture, full of friendly and social people as such, cultural fit is key. They have a work hard play hard mentality. Don t miss out on this amazing Account Manager role. APPLY NOW I specialize in finding the most talented Account Executives, Junior Account Managers, Account Managers, Senior Account Managers, Account Directors, Senior Account Directors, Groups Account Directors and Client Services Directors, for the best agencies in London. Get in touch if you would like to hear about this or any other exciting opportunities available currently. Account Manager POS, SP, BTL, FMCG, B****C, London ****k Please note that due to exceptionally high levels of response, we are only able to get back to those applicants who have been successful.