Title: SEO Account Manager – Growing Search Marketing Agency
Webindex: 69596204
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: SEO Account Manager  Growing Search Marketing Agency Harrogate, North Yorkshire ****  **** DOE Plus Quarterly Bonus Based On Performance, Medical Insurance, Life Assurance, Income Protection, Pension Scheme, Cashplan Our client is the UK's fastest growing and most successful search marketing agency. Their Search Engine Optimisation (SEO) services have helped business of all sizes grow and develop. Today, their internet marketing services include Search Engine Optimisation (SEO), Social Media Optimisation (SMO), and online advertising. They are now seeking an SEO Account Manager to join their team. This is the ideal role for an ambitious, internet savvy SEO professional with a proven track record of managing multiple campaigns and achieving results, to join an established internet marketing company with a history of extraordinary expansion. Reporting to the SEO Team Manager, as an SEO Account Manager, you'll be responsible for managing the accounts of our client's key customers' online marketing campaigns focusing on deadlines and results. You will be tasked with handling high calibre clients such as Zoopla, The Jewellery Channel, H Samuel and Alpari worth **** of revenue per month. You'll deliver and develop campaigns with specific management tools, actively forging greater client relationships to gain an understanding of their business and marketing strategies. With your exceptional communication skills, you will prepare presentations and attend client meetings. Your other duties will include:  Managing resources to ensure all work is completed on time  Monitoring campaign performance, analysing and interpreting data, drawing conclusions from findings and making recommendations  Compiling internal and external reports and documentation  Creating troubleshooting action plans and liaising with various internal departments  Adapting campaigns to reflect search engine and algorithm updates and changes To be considered for this superb opportunity, you must have proven experience in successfully managing multiple SEO campaigns and achieving results. As an SEO Account Manager, you will have the ability to write well thoughtout, comprehensive commentary, reports and communication. You must have the ability to build strong working relationships and possess an analytical approach, strong knowledge of Excel or other spreadsheet packages and good influencing skills. Whilst not essential, any knowledge of website design and/or development and the associated languages would be advantageous. To apply for the role of SEO Account Manager, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: SEO Account Manager, Marketing Account Manager, Technical SEO Project Manager, Search Engine Optimisation Manager, SEO Manager, Web Marketing Account Manager, Digital Marketing Account Manager, Search Marketing Account Manager, SEO, Search Engine Optimisation. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SEOAccountManagerGrowingSearchMarketingAgency_job****