Title: Account Manager  Affiliate Marketing
Webindex: 70656283
Company: PATHFINDERS MEDIA RECRUITMENT
Description: A wellestablished agency is looking for an Account Manager to oversee key Affiliate Marketing accounts. This is an exciting opportunity for a hardworking, driven, and experienced account manager to join a fastpaced agency with an extensive client list. You will work on key accounts, providing strategic insights and implementational support for a list of **** clients across mutliple industries. The ideal candidate will be confident and clientfacgin with experience working in a relevant affiliate marketing role where you gained a real knowledge of and appreciate for the industry. Your responsibilities will include: Managing and optimising client accounts Implementing and advising on affiliate marketing strategy given clients' unique needs Managing affiliate relationships Work with other members of the client support team to offer integrated solutions Use network systems to effectively manage ongoing programmes Independently produce documentation and reporting Attend networking events to establish and develop client relationships Communicate quickly and effectively via email, phone and facetoface. The ideal candidate will have: Experience in Affiliate Marketing and an indepth understanding of Affiliate Marketing practices including: key programme statistics, the ability to analyse websites, understanding of various affiliate marketing models, etc. HTML, Edit Plus and PPC experience preffered Significant Account Management experience Strong account management skills A proactive, muckin approach Excellent communication skills (both verbal and written) An eye for detail and methodical approach Strong work ethic and the ability work as part of a team Strong skills with Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. If interested, please apply IMMEDIATELY as interviews are taking place now. Pathfinders is acting as a Recruitment Agency. If you are already registered with Pathfinders and/or Angela Mortimer, please speak directly to your consultant for more information.