Title: Retention Marketing Manager
Webindex: 68693603
Company: Hudson
Description: We are looking for excellent consumer campaign marketers with both strong integrated end to end campaign management experience who are interested in a fantastic opportunity to work for a household name at an exciting time for their brand. Your responsibility will be to connect with, retain and engage customers using a range of media channels. This role is to manage end to end integrated campaigns to generate leads, deliver sales and value growth. You'll focus mainly on Existing Customers and manage a team of 3. You will ideally have experience in integrated campaign planning and delivery, including TV, radio, DM, outdoor, experiential, press and digital. You will get the opportunity to lead/manage direct response campaigns utilising all the above channels so if you are currently a DM expert, you'll get the opportunity to develop ATL campaigns and to work with some of the most high profile agencies in the UK in (and vice versa), to add to your skill set. To succeed in securing these unique and exciting roles, you need to have gained experience in the consumer market place, whether that's creating direct response advertising, DM campaigns or even better, fully integrated campaigns including post campaign analysis. You'll have a strong understanding of segmentation, volume campaign planning and delivery and experience of leading a team. You'll most definitely display a passion for connecting with consumers and a positive, proactive attitude. We are particularly keen to hear from financial services marketing candidates but will also welcome applications from client or agency side candidates (ideally with b****c services experience) who thrive within highenergy, environments and who aren't afraid to ask questions, have the strength of character to challenge, the confidence to try new approaches and unwavering focus on the customer. You'll need demonstrable understanding of marketing communication strategies, planning and execution. We're keen to hear from marketers who are creative and commercially aware in equal measures, 'completer finishers' who are detail oriented with a focus on the end result. Please note you will receive an automated response advising you that we have received your CV. Hudson is a leading provider of permanent recruitment, contract professionals and talent management solutions worldwide. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RetentionMarketingManager_job****