Title: Marketing Development Coordinator
Webindex: 69171832
Company: The Business Connection
Description: This Role Involves the planning, Creation, launch and development of a new building suppliers website whilst maintaining and advancing an exisiting DIY commerce site. The successful candidate will be involved in nearly all aspects of the formation of a new building supplies website which will be targeted at Tradesmen. There is a rough concept for this website and it will be the job of the applicant to develop this vision, extend and successfully implement it. They must also have the foresight to recognise any flaws with the initial concept and change as necessary. Although not involved in the actual generation of the new website in terms of programming, the successful candidate will be working closely with our web designers. They will need to document detailed ideas on layout, style, branding, tone etc. and ensure that the website develops to meet these criteria. Market Research – The position requires the compilation and analysis of market research data in order to determine and source a portfolio of products for both websites, which focus on the needs of their respective target audiences. It will also be necessary for the candidate to effectively research competitors and the overall market in order to identify strengths, weaknesses, threats and opportunities, as well as guiding product and pricing policies. Contributing to the development and refinement of company’s vision and strategy. Maintaining and developing the current website SkilledBuild; full training and guidance will be provided. This includes the upkeep of the site, as well as the addition of more products and data through a Magento system and also via promotional activity. Researching and compiling information guides on all products and DIY/Building issues. Requirements • Analytical  will need to investigate and analyse selling patterns/website data/competition/demand etc. and formulate appropriate responses, such as marketing initiatives. • Adaptability – The candidate will be working on all aspects of the business from accounts to marketing. • Innovation – It is important that the successful candidate is always looking for unique selling points and marketing strategies which will help differentiate SkilledBuild and the new trade website from the competition. • Aptitude for Marketing /Creative – Although the candidate does not need to have had prior experience in marketing it is important that they have a natural flair.  It is necessary that they understand the important principles of marketing, such as branding, branding style and impact; as they will need to ensure that the strong brand presence of the current website is maintained and they will also need to establish another strong brand with the new website. • Team player – The position is within a family business and the successful candidate will need to integrate well within a small team.  They will also need to be willing to undertake various roles, when necessary, across several businesses.  Candidates will be expected to undertake any task required within their capabilities. • Computer Competency – Training can be provided with regards to managing the website, however, it is important that the candidate has a sound basic knowledge of all Microsoft office systems If you do not hear from us within **** hours please assume you have been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingDevelopmentCoordinator_job****