Title: HR Assistant (75%) & PA to the MD (****%)  Fabulous Creative Marketing Agency – c 25k South London
Webindex: 69682754
Company: Firehorse
Description: A brilliant mix of both HR and PA is needed for this unique role in a lovely fully integrated creative marketing agency. The role has a bias to HR where you will be supporting and taking ownership of many of the HR processes. THE AGENCY It s a lovely integrated marketing agency with c.**** people. They are based in South London and very well connected by both tube and rail. It has a very cando attitude no task is too big or small and they effortlessly manage to mix creative and relaxed with dynamic and professionalism. THE ROLE 75% HR assistant Reporting to the head of HR (so excellent people to learn from) you will have a lot of autonomy and responsibility too you will need to have an understanding and knowledge of employment law practices so you can advise managers on employee matters and general employment practices, keeping to HR best practice legislative requirements 25% PA to 2 of the key board member The CEO and MD are busy but lovely people and you will proactively manage a number of aspects of their schedule. Key skills and knowledge you will need. Proactive and organised, able to both think ahead and on your feet Discrete and able to maintain confidentiality at all times Detail orientated and able to communicate (really well) at all levels You will be flexible and adaptable and thrive at being a multi tasker naturally able to juggle in a fast paced environment you can do all this and stay calm at the same time You will have a natural sunny persona, and be a collaborative helpful person to have around You will be professional but at the same time cheerful and love the fun creative environment that this role provides. You must have an understanding of HR processes and be instrumental in coordinating staff appraisals, training, the recruitment process for new staff, both new starter and leaver processes and staff benefits. You will be key to maintaining the HR database and will assist on all Health and Safety activities. The PA part of the role is really getting to know and help organise 2 key people within the agency. From diary management and secretarial support, to buying company gifts organising company parties and events. You wil have an excellent working knowledge of Word, Excel, PowerPoint and outlook and be a quick learner and able to turn your hand at most new computer packages, systems and internal processes It really is a very lovely role in one of our favourite agencies  for more information  please send your details through to hellothefirehorse.co.uk or simply click on the link below. Thank you for looking and good luck with your search for a new and exciting role :)