Title: Account Manager  B2B
Webindex: 67167454
Company: Emma Rachael You
Description: A fantastic opportunity for an Account Manager looking for something a bit different to join one of the industry s leading Integrated Business Communication Agencies with five international offices spanning the globe. The London team is currently small, but thriving on a new business roll due to a recent spate of creative award wins. Consequently, the agency is looking to bolster the team with a handson and buttoneddown Account Manager, to work across a portfolio of their business clients. In order to be considered for this position you will already have a couple of years experience under your belt in the role of an Account Manager, ideally with B2B direct and digital knowledge, gained in a reputable agency. Due to the varied nature of the client base spanning some highly respected tech and finance brands as well as the very integrated nature of the work from branding and brand guidelines work; digital strategy and execution; print television and direct advertising; to internal company communications; events and conferences  this Account Manager should have a highly organised approach to managing their workload, with excellent spoken and written communication skills and a strong eye for detail. Culturewise, the agency comprises a supportive and tightknit team of individuals who all get on well together, and help each other out as and when needs be, whether it s in their job description or not. As a result this role would suit a real team player who is happy to roll up their sleeves and get involved. In return the Account Manager will gain lot of seniorlevel exposure and learning that wouldn t necessarily be possible in a large agency, in a culture that allows talent to thrive. There will be lots of headroom to grow and to make the role their own. So if you re a businessminded Account Manager at a stage in your career where you feel like you ve got the basics sussed and you re looking for a new challenge that will allow you to fly, then please do get in touch today.