Title: Marketing Executive (B2B)  London
Webindex: 69250218
Company: Ashdown Group
Description: Marketing Executive (B2B) London A well established, international organisation based in the City area of London is looking for a Marketing Executive to join their marketing team on an initial **** month fixed term contract. Covering the full marketing mix, you will be responsible for the development and implementation of marketing initiatives to support the client relationship management team with projects to promote two of the key divisions within the organisation. In conjunction with other members of the marketing team you will develop the six monthly marketing strategies for the two divisions as well as executing and evaluating a range of direct marketing campaigns (both online and offline). You will also manage and develop marketing collateral from copy through to distribution as well as working to develop both internal and external corporate communications. Further to this you will take responsibility for researching and organising a number of key events and above all else will build effective relationships with the CRM team to understand their needs and support their marketing requirements. The ideal candidate will have a background in B2B marketing with strong planning and project management skills. You will have demonstrated the ability to organise events, manage a variety of stakeholders and have worked closely with client services/sales teams previously. You will be both creative and analytical in your approach (strong copywriting and proofreading skills are of paramount importance) and will possess a strong academic record. The salary on offer for this **** month fixed term contract is **** (depending on experience). The office is located close to Old Street / Liverpool Street stations which is easily accessible from Kings Cross, Waterloo, London Bridge and Paddington. To apply for this Marketing Executive role please clearly detail all your relevant experience in your CV and quote reference ASH****AL in the SUBJECT LINE of your application. The Ashdown Group Ltd acts as an employment agency in respect of permanent vacancies and as an employment business in respect of temporary vacancies.