Title: PR Account Manager  Consumer PR
Webindex: 69670898
Company: Fresh Connect Recruitment
Description: A great opportunity has arisen within one of the UK's most successful and downtoearth Public Relations agencies for a strong Account Manager to join their London office. The successful candidate will work on a range of wellknown Consumer PR accounts. This is a fun, demanding and stimulating role in which the new Account Manager will make a clear mark on the development and progression of this agency's profile and results. You will work across some amazing Consumer PR accounts and with many prestigious companies, including big brand names. The winning individual will be passionate about brands and create powerful campaigns. Key elements of the position include: Servicing clients Line management Writing a variety of materials Building upon an existing list of media contacts Ensuring the progress of client projects Helping with new business acquisition and pitches Coordinating accounts and managing other professionals using excellent interpersonal skills You will develop a sound understanding of your client's business and communication objectives and ensure that projects are delivered on time and within budget. This role will see you taking a real handson approach and being a key contact with your clients. They are seeking an individual who has: Enthusiasm and a proactive approach The ability to solve problems, common sense and initiative Relationship building skills Ambition and interest in professional development The ability to deliver results on deadline and budget A desire to maintain high quality standards and to constantly improve agency work This agency is creative, dynamic and boasts a truly impressive client list. To be part of this growing team, you must have solid Consumer Public Relations experience gained within an agency setting. You must also have strong communication, consultative and presentation skills coupled with a real passion for Consumer and Lifestyle PR. If you have relevant PR experience and are looking for a fresh challenge, apply today For this and similar vacancies, please contact Julia Fenwick on **** **** **** or email juliafreshconnect.co.uk Account Manager, Junior Account Manager, Senior Account Manager, PR, Public Relations, Public Relations agency, Consumer PR, Consumer Lifestyle PR, London. Account Manager, Junior Account Manager, Senior Account Manager, PR, Public Relations, Public Relations agency, Consumer PR, Food and Drink PR, Consumer Lifestyle PR, London.