Title: Marketing Executive  Energy
Webindex: 69247939
Company: TTCS RECRUITMENT
Description: A rare opportunity has become available for an enthusiastic marketing professional to join our innovative and exciting events brand leader that has grown exponentially in size yearonyear since our inception over a decade ago. The business enjoys enviable status in the events industry due to its organic growth model, the reputation and success of our events, the value we place on the worklife balance and the opportunities that are available for staff in terms of both career progression and personal development. Our environment is one where innovative ideas are taken seriously and resources are provided to turn good ideas into a reality. It is because of this approach that our company has enjoyed such rapid success (and is now the undisputed leader in its vertical.) Being the thought leader in the market we operate in is a position we want to maintain. So naturally we are interested in bright, inquisitive people who enjoy learning and who will find the constant, topical developments within the energy industry stimulating and interesting. This is an entrylevel role offering an outstanding opportunity for the right person to get on board with a true industry leader, which is continuing to rapidly grow. You can expect career progression and salary increasing opportunities following your first 6 months as well as a supportive, committed and sociable team. If this excites you, you have a marketing or business degree, and you have 612 months of experience in a marketing role (a placement year counts) then we want to hear from you Key responsibilities (what you will be doing in the near future): Complete management of training event campaigns; brochure design and proofing, analysis of past campaigns Executing direct marketing campaigns Competitor research Campaign and competitor analysis Proof reading brochure text Liaison with designers, printers, typesetters, mailing house etc. to ensure timely dispatch of campaigns Website updates Building the businesses social media presence Skill Sets: Analytical and lateral thinker. Ability to problem solve/originate new marketing initiatives Ability to manage many projects simultaneously MS office skills Excellent written English and grammar  this role encompasses the need to regularly produce benefitdriven marketing copy Excellent communication skills  will be communicating with different groups within the business on a daily basis A team approach Attention to detail A creative thinker Requirements: Minimum 6 months experience in a marketing role Marketing or business degree