Title: Senior Account Manager  Healthcare Advertising
Webindex: 72234668
Company: Fresh Connect Recruitment
Description: A superb Healthcare Advertising agency is looking for a Senior Account Manager to join their successful London team. They need a creative, innovative leader to run a diverse portfolio of highprofile accounts. They're seeking a confident and enthusiastic candidate who is capable of managing promotional projects. As this agency is undergoing huge growth and development this position offers an excellent opportunity for promotion and greater responsibility over the coming years. The main focus of the role will be:  Brand logistics and market landscape, owning the agency process and liaising with the client  Leading meetings and contributing strategically not only in tactics but also brand positioning and marketing plans  Being a first line manager or mentor. Taking responsibility for direct management of account staff and for 'leading' the integrated team using diplomacy and influencing skills To be considered for this excellent position you must have truly extensive Healthcare Advertising agency experience. You must also have excellent written and spoken communication skills, a good degree in a relevant subject and experience leading and managing a team. To be eligible for this position you must also:  Have extensive experience in a similar role (i.e. a Healthcare Communications environment/agency)  Have exceptional English skills and the ability to communicate both verbally and in writing with accuracy, creativity and a good vocabulary  Have management experience  Desire further training and development If you have all the skills, experience and expertise to excel in this Senior Account Manager position, don't miss out on this exciting prospect, apply today For this and similar vacancies, please contact Gary Hoult at Fresh Connect on **** **** **** or email garyfreshconnect.co.uk Senior Account Manager, Account Manager, Healthcare Marketing, Healthcare Advertising, Pharma, Pharmaceuticals, London. Senior Account Manager, Account Manager, Healthcare Marketing, Healthcare Advertising, Pharma, Pharmaceuticals, London. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorAccountManagerHealthcareAdvertising_job****