Title: Public Affairs Executive
Webindex: 71189101
Company: hunt4staff.com
Description: Public Affairs Executive – London ****k Scope of the job: Sharing Public Affairs responsibilities and working alongside another Public Affairs Executives The Public Affairs Executive will report to the Marketing Director. Whilst the successful applicant will undertake to assist in implementing the Public Affairs strategy, the Department welcomes views on strategy to be volunteered for discussion. The NFRN is a Federation, and as such, the Public Affairs Executive will be reporting to the Marketing Director who in turn report to the CEO, Public Affairs Committee (up to six times a year); the National Executive Committee (monthly); the National Council (quarterly); and Annual Conference (annually). The Public Affairs Executive will be invited to attend all of these committee meetings. Usual working hours are 9am6pm; however the nature of working in a Public Affairs capacity and for the Federation may require attending evening functions, weekend meetings or travelling out of office hours. However, when this is the case time is offered to the candidate in lieu. Desired qualifications A university, or equivalent level, degree in social sciences or the humanities. Experience of having worked in Parliament; or inhouse or agency experience in a Public Affairs capacity. Personal attributes Diligent. Politically astute. Personable. Articulate. Detail oriented. Lateral minded. Solution and results oriented. Having existing political relationships is a major plus. Organised. Responsibilities Political monitoring to: Provide briefing packs where required. Write the ‘Month that Was’ – a monthly top 10 digest of the relevant political activities impacting members. Assistance with the logistics of planning and running parliamentary activities, such as events in parliament or at party conferences. Specific assistance in monitoring and providing resources to members in the devolved assemblies and Parliaments to ensure their specific agendas are represented. Administration assistance. Attending meetings. Will assist in keeping records and building information databases. The Public Affairs Executive will report to the Marketing Director. Whilst the successful applicant will undertake to assist in implementing the Public Affairs strategy, the Department welcomes views on strategy to be volunteered for discussion. The NFRN is a Federation, and as such, the Public Affairs Executive will be reporting to the Marketing Director who in turn report to the CEO, Public Affairs Committee (up to six times a year); the National Executive Committee (monthly); the National Council (quarterly); and Annual Conference (annually). The Public Affairs Executive will be invited to attend all of these committee meetings. Usual working hours are 9am6pm; however the nature of working in a Public Affairs capacity and for the Federation may require attending evening functions, weekend meetings or travelling out of office hours. However, when this is the case time is offered to the candidate in lieu. Closing Date for applications: **** th February 2013 This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PublicAffairsExecutive_job****