Title: Competitor Brand Analyst
Webindex: 71677423
Company: Manpower   North West
Description: An excellent opportunity has arisen to join a world leading global organisation, our client Unilever are currently looking for a Competitor Brand Analyst based at Unilever's prestigious facility in Blackfriars, London. This is a full time contract, for **** 12 months paying up to **** pa pro rata, dependant on experience. Analyse and fully understand the competitor's agenda, to highlight and drive the main category opportunities and challenges to win in the global marketplace. Develops an indepth understanding and become an expert in competitors in different markets with special focus on Nivea and Garnier  the business environment in which Unilever brands compete including category segments and channels. Plays a key supporting role to the global category local team, brand and regional teams in issues related to competitors. Primarily drives and delivers innovation projects On Time In Full (OTIF) related to competitor responses and new brand opportunities (test markets) Builds a holistic understanding of competitors and supports the brand teams in turn these in to defence and growth opportunities. Key Success Measures  Responsible for alignment and fast implementation across regions of anticompetitor strategies (mainly Nivea, Garnier and O. Spice).  Lead key competitor insight generation  Lead new brand opportunities across test markets  Leads crossfunctional innovation teams to drive any agreed innovation projects related to competitor moves, ensuring they are aligned to market and brand requirements.  Is the expert voice of the category from a competitor's perspective (special focus on Nivea and Garnier).  Dealing relationships with Brand and regional VPs, Global and Regional Brand Development directors, brand Building teams in key countries, R D and legal, Multifunctional project teams. Key Competencies  Understanding Consumers and Shoppers  Understanding of competitors strategies.  Develops and launches relevant innovation and relaunches  Monitors progress and takes action Key Skills  Passion for Growth  Breakthrough thinking  Seizing the future  Team Leadership  Developing Self and Others Relevant Experience  Proven record in project management  Good business understanding  Developing concepts and brand communication We regret that due to the high volume of applications, we are unable to respond to each individual applicant. You will be contacted only if you have been shortlisted. Should you not hear from us within **** working days from your date of application, please assume you have been unsuccessful. Please keep checking the Manpower website for our latest vacancies. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CompetitorBrandAnalyst_job****