Title: Client Business Partner
Webindex: 72120706
Company: Huntress Group
Description: Our client, a market leader in consumer research based in Oxford, is currently recruiting a Client Business Partner. This role is responsible for leading client service activities, helping to achieving profitable growth and other business targets. Key Accountabilities: Client Servicing Drive sales through long term relationship building. Ensure the retention and acquisition of clients by leading key contract negotiations and by driving the implementation of clientspecific strategies and plans. Lead a selected client offering; providing feedback and input to central Product Leadership. Ensure that local client needs and requirements are translated into operational deliverables. People Management Act as a leader, clearly explains business objectives and motivate team to achieve, ensuring they are appropriately rewarded and recognised. Provide input into succession planning tools and meetings. Develop team by providing coaching and training to ensure they achieve results using appropriate processes and tools. Business Performance Be accountable for Clients revenue, profit growth and business relation. Identifying new business opportunities and driving wins. Deliver against cost leadership targets on an ongoing basis. Promote externally through presentations at client events and conferences. The ideal candidate will proven experience and knowledge of the FMCG industry, and a track record of leadership and management. Strong business acumen and communication skills are essential to this role. Applicants should also have excellent relationship management skills and an innovative, consultative approach to their work. Please apply online to be considered. Huntress Group does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. PLEASE NOTE You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. We are acting as a Recruitment Agency in relation to this role