Title: Account Director  Brand Engagement
Webindex: 68183395
Company: Stonor
Description: Account Director  Brand Engagement The Business This is a chance to join one of the best regarded employee engagement agencies in the UK. Established for over 20 years this agency are best known for helping some of the world's biggest brands retain, motivate and reward their staff. Based in an attractive Oxfordshire location, they are accustomed to winning awards for their innovative on and offline communications for a variety of different sectors. The Job The role of Account Director is extremely important. You will be the leader of the team and the main point of contact for the client(s). You'll be tasked with building relationships with senior level corporate clients as well as your own internal team. You'll need to be persuasive and articulate in order to convey the benefits of using the services your team provide. It will be your responsibility to ensure budgets are adhered to, projects completed on time and staff kept busy but not swamped with work. A very stimulating, challenging role for someone with prior expereince in a marketing agency of a similar nature. Key responsibilities will be: Mentoring your team Nurturing and growing exisiting accounts Identifying opportunities for growth within the agency Managing budgets and ensuring GP is kept constant Managing projects from initial idea to final review The person You'll probably already know if you're the right person for this job, you'll be at Senior Account Manager or Account Director level within a marketing agency environment looking for a new challenge. Attributes associated with the role: Warm, engaging personality Self motivated, proactive Persuasive Creatively minded Organised and intelligent A natural leader Determination What can you expect in return? As you would expect, this agency no how to look after their staff and provide a decent benefits package in order to do so. The successful applicant will receive, Company Pension Phone Laptop 20 days holiday rising by **** year for each year worked Profit related bonus scheme Private healthcare Training and personal development allowance Regular days/nights out on the company