Title: PR Account Director  Medical Technology / Medical Devices
Webindex: 69793755
Company: Fresh Connect
Description: A wellestablished, fastpaced and highly charged PR consultancy has a fresh opening for a talented and experienced Account Director to take the helm at their busy London office. Leading colleagues on an exciting range of medical device and healthcare technology accounts the new Account Director will have senior level gravitas and good business sense. The new Account Director at this thriving agency will support a team of PR experts, contributing to the effective development and delivery of creative and strategic Medical Technology/Medical Device campaigns. This thriving division which specialises in diagnostic devices and medical technology is producing exciting work for a range of clients. Challenging and diverse, this appealing role will see the successful candidate working for both existing clients and also winning new accounts. This post involves a range of duties, some of which include:  Line management  Relationships/rapport building with journalists and pitch development  Acting as ambassador for the agency  Social media work and online community activities  Overseeing the creation of press materials such as press packs  Campaign budget management  Various other senior level tasks To be considered for this unique role, you will need to be a passionate and talented Account Director with exceptional client consultation, writing and communication skills. The successful individual will have extensive previous experience within the healthcare and/or medical technology/medical devices PR sector as well as a tangible passion for Healthcare PR/Communications overall. If you want to rapidly progress your career within a top, leading agency and believe you can shape the way that this agency delivers results, we want to hear from you. Don t miss out, apply now For this and similar vacancies, please contact Gary Hoult on **** **** **** or email garyfreshconnect.co.uk. Account Director, Associate Director, Senior Account Manager, Medical Technology, Medical Devices, Medical Technology PR, PR, Public Relations, Healthcare PR, Public Relations agency, London. Account Director, Associate Director, Senior Account Manager, Medical Technology, Medical Devices, Medical Technology PR, PR, Public Relations, Healthcare PR, Public Relations agency, London. Closing Date: Application Information: gary.****freshconnect.aplitrak.com