Title: Media Relations Specialist
Webindex: 68094302
Company: PFJ
Description: The role A leading tech company is currently looking for a media relations specialist to help develop their profile within the EMEA region. The role is with one of the best employers to work for and you will be working with a busy team dealing with both proactive and reactive press coverage. They are looking for someone who can develop a range of news stories and has a keen eye for a news angle. They are keen to bring on an individual who can see current trends and develop relevant stories around that. The role will involve working on product launches, quarterly thought leadership campaigns and press releases. You will be working with a range of B2B trade press and will have access to both technology and digital press contacts. You will also be working on press launch days and developing PR opportunities for senior stakeholders within the business. This is an EMEA role and you will be working with press contacts from across the region helping to implement a regional press strategy that will allow the organisation to touch all of the key audiences. The organisation This tech organisation is growing at a phenomenal rate and they have had some fantastic press coverage over the last few years. They are considered one of the best employers to work for and really look after their staff with training and incentives. The person To be successful for this role it is essential that you have the follow skills:  Strong B2B PR experience from a tech or digital side either in house or agency  A strong news sense and the ability to spot a good story  Excellent writing skills and the capability to create compelling copy of complex information  Good social media skills and the ability cross function across both online and offline channels  The ability to network with senior press contacts from a range of publications  An excellent portfolio of written material written to a variety of styles  Previous experience of dealing with senior stakeholders and media training senior members of staff  EMEA press experience would be very beneficial If you are interested in this role please click on the link below. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MediaRelationsSpecialist_job****