Title: Junior Event Manager
Webindex: 71907257
Company: Royall Appointments
Description: Are you an outgoing confident team player with the ability to work on their own initiative to tight deadlines? This job is a fantastic opportunity to work for one of Europe's most experienced and largest, fully integrated, award winning communications agencies as a Junior Project Manager. Based on site with one of the agencies clients based in central London, this is a rare chance to get a real mix of client and agency side work. The role will be to work on a fixed calendar of events and liaise closely between the client and the agency. This job is suitable for candidates that have experience in organising events with proven experience of working with large accounts and strong relationship building. The role will manage the logistics and overall coordination for a number of smaller yet senior level events and will also assist in the production, planning development of our clients large scale events, ensuring that projects are professionally delivered deadlines are met. You will act as the agencies main daily contact within their clients organisation, and will provide the agency with a high level of information and support. The ideal candidate will have excellent communication skills, good budget management and exceptional organisational skills. They should have experience of working with large blue chip companies, running events for audiences of **** upwards and experience of budgets **** Duties include: Organising events, conferences and road shows, including full end to end planning, delegate logistics and communication. Managing regular briefings Scheduling and arranging conference calls Arranging a series of road shows Managing all aspects of a large conference. Managing catering for large events Managing preparation of information Interpret briefing requirements accurately, influence where appropriate, produce full production proposals, which you will be expected to coordinated within the agency. Accurately and proactively record, develop and share clients requirements through excellent listening skills and channels of communication. Managing clients and colleagues expectations acting as a single point of contact, through proactive management and project planning with realistic deadlines. Take ownership and actively manage assigned budgets whilst effectively influencing and negotiating with internal and external parties To proactively alert colleagues regarding any irregularities, lack of adherence, and or problems, that could result in detrimental implications within the project. Skills Qualifications and Experience A minimum of 12 months proven experience, running events, ideally agency based is essential. Experience in managing events for **** delegates Experience of leading, directing or coordinating teams through event management. Excellent rapport building, active listening and communication skills are essential supported by proven relationships internally and externally Exceptional planning and organisational skills with a passion for customer service, delivery and attention to detail must leave no stone unturned Proven experience of financial and budget management. Experience of managing event budgets over **** is preferred. Experience of working in fast moving business coupled with a flexible, methodical and logical approach to work. Experience in delegate management including online registration is preferable. This a great opportunity for a candidate with some strong event management experience to move in to a role where they will be trained and mentored into a project management role and really progress their career in events. This role would suit: Junior Project Manager, Junior Event Manager, Project Executive, Event Executive, Event Planner, Event Assistant, Event Coordinator, Event Junior, Event Officer, Event Manager. This role would suit: Junior Project Manager, Junior Event Manager, Project Executive, Event Executive, Event Planner, Event Assistant, Event Coordinator, Event Junior, Event Officer, Event Manager.