Title: Bilingual Direct Marketing Manager
Webindex: 70692798
Company: Ashdown Group
Description: A reputable marketing agency that has been operating for over fifteen years is looking for a proven Bilingual Direct Marketing Communications Project Manager / Senior Account Manager to be based in the Putney area, South West London. It is essential to be fluent in both German and English for this position. This is a contract position for initially one month with a possibility of being extended. The successful candidate will be tasked with working with two high profile and wellknown global brands. The role will entail taking translated copy and ensuring it is seamlessly composed in an online environment as well as managing a series of email campaigns and programme invitations both for the German market. There will also be further classic direct marketing opportunities (on and offline) for high net worth individuals the scope of additional projects will vary depending on the skill set of the applicants. In order to be suitable for this role you must have direct marketing campaign management (both on and offline) experience in the German market. It is essential to have strong marketing communication project management or account management experience with fluency in both German and English. The ideal candidate will also have some experience of email marketing, data planning and content managed websites, although these are not essential. This is a contract role for initially one month paying a maximum rate of **** per day depending on experience. When you apply for this Bilingual Direct Marketing Communications Project Manager / Senior Account Manager position please ensure that you include all relevant skills and experience to stand the best chance of securing an interview. Please send a WORD CV indicating reference number ASH****JH in the subject line of your email. The Ashdown Group Ltd acts as an employment agency in respect of permanent vacancies and as an employment business in respect of temporary vacancies.