Title: Corporate Fundraising Manager BLUC****
Webindex: 72541401
Company: Blue Octopus Recruitment Limited
Description: Corporate Fundraising Manager BLUC**** Based in Berkhamsted Covering St Albans, Hemel Hempstead, Berkhamsted, Amersham and Chesham Salary Circa **** (37.5 hours per week) Our client is a charity that provides professional support and total care when time is precious for people with life limiting illness and also their families. They are a local charity who relies on the support of their community to keep their services open for patients and their families. The dynamic, professional and highly successful Fundraising Department are looking for a full time Corporate Fundraiser to build sustainable partnerships with companies and employers within the Hospice catchment area. Developing the appropriate structure, staffing and resources to implement the corporate fundraising plan, you will identify new and existing opportunities, develop effective and powerful cases for support for funding and implement a corporate fundraising strategy for the Hospice. You will be motivated by the Hospice cause, able to convey your passion for what they do to all levels of corporate contacts, and create productive longterm partnerships. Understanding the motivations of companies who want to partner with a local charity, you will be able to develop a full corporate fundraising plan to fulfil ambitious income targets. Covering St Albans, Hemel Hempstead, Berkhamsted, Amersham and Chesham, they require someone with good local knowledge and senior negotiating skills. You may have previous senior fundraising experience and/or a sales and marketing background. With excellent presentation and communication skills, you will be educated to degree level or equivalent and an organised and enthusiastic team player. Candidates who hold a fundraising or marketing qualification together with recent corporate fundraising experience would be desirable, however this is not essential. Closing date for applications  Friday 1st March 2013 This is a Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd vacancy who are operating as an employment agency. Once you have clicked to apply for this vacancy, we will then send you more information on the role including a copy of the application form via email