Title: PPC Search Manager
Webindex: 69022863
Company: Sammons Group
Description: A fantastic opportunity has been newly created to join a leading pureplay digital agency that is at the forefront of new and innovative digital concepts. Based in stunning offices in Richmond the role of the PPC Search Manager is both broad and challenging and will manage a small team of search professionals (at executive level). Reporting into the director of search and digital the PPC search manager will be responsible for managing and implementing creatively driven and successful paid and natural search campaigns for a wide variety of clients to maximise their ROI. The successful applicant should have previous experience in paid search including Google Analytics, Dart/Atlas and experience of using keyword research tools. Previous experience of onsite and offsite natural search planning and implementation would be highly desirable. The role will also work closely with the wider creative teams, account directors, client service director and will have significant exposure to senior external stakeholders, therefore strong communication skills are essential. The role would suit an applicant with substantial previous PPC experience and some additional expertise in SEO. The PPC Search Manager is the first external hire within the wider search division for quite some time so will be viewed as a very high profile hire internally within the agency. Salary ********PI linked bonus and benefits.  All qualified applicants with current entitlement to work in theUK(including for example HSMP visas) are welcome. We regret we are unable to seek work permits on behalf of candidates, which means that applicants requiring work permits unfortunately will not be considered. We endeavour to reply to all applications. However if you have not heard from us within 7 days you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group. The Sammons Group is an Employment Business and Employment Agency as defined by the EAA Regulations **** and we abide by the Code of Practice of our industry body (the Recruitment & Employment Confederation  REC). We are committed to supporting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the Equality Assured Recruiter Standard, as endorsed by REC